영화제목: Jurassic World
평점: 10	리뷰: OK so I haven't actually seen this movie, and probably won't due to my irrational fear of dinosaurs that I suddenly developed when I was in high school. I just look at where technology has taken these realistic robotic dinosaurs and realize, what if all of these dinosaur robots or whatever they are fell into the wrong hands and one day attacked a city or something crazy like that?!?! I just know that dinosaurs have scared me for awhile and that the original Jurassic Park movies were scary enough so I dare not see this one. But I was also reading up on the DNA with the mammoths too. Let's just hope no one's idea of an apocalypse include raising artificial dinosaurs and mammoths of the sort! I just had to comment because my fear of dinosaurs has been so weird to me over the years (because I knew they were extinct) but this last time I went to Water World (in Colorado) I knew my fear had escalated on the dinosaur ride they have there and weirdly enough, this theory of being able to see how if in the wrong hands, someone could technically do something along the lines of what I assume this movie is about. Ahhhhhhh
평점: 6	리뷰: This is an amazing film! You can see that there has been many changes to the Jurassic Park franchise, but this really brings you back to the first time you watched Jurassic Park. It has an amazing director as well as the cast. A truly great film! This movie has some really great visuals andgreat humor. The cast really did a great job in making us feel amazed. The plot is great and does an amazing job explaining it. The whole movie really fits in with the theme and the plot. Colin Trevorrow, as a fan himself, really understood all of the worries that fans had, so he made the movie that we all wanted. While watching this great film, you can really feel what the characters are feeling. Truly astounding film!
평점: 7	리뷰: Fine but predictable return to form for the Jurassic Park series finds John Hammond's dream for a "Jurassic Park" becoming a reality. However, in a way to have more people come back to the island, scientist's create a hybrid dinosaur as a new attraction. But, like every Jurassic Park film in the series, things don't go off as planed and all hell breaks loose in it's aftermath. Unlike the last 3 movies however, this film is made up of mostly new characters to hold off the Dinosaurs with the exception of a small side character from the Original Jurassic Park film played by BD Wong, who to be quite honest is only there to somehow fulfill continuity from The first film to the new one. It would have made more sense to bring in some of the original leads to bridge the whole series together but that seems to be asking too much. The new characters starting with lead Chris Pratt are fine but underwritten and cliché. Pratt's character and performance is really the only bright spot of the new cast of characters but he lacks the cool sarcastic wit and intelligence of Jeff Goldblum's Ian Malcolm and The everyman appeal of Sam Neill's Dr Alan Grant. Pratt however brings his own warm, comic sensibility that does make him endearing in his own right but unlike Goldblum and Neill who brought dramatic tension to the films, Pratt gets overshadowed by the dinosaurs once the bloody carnage begins. Bryce Dallas Howard is decent but unremarkable in the uptight corporate woman with no life role and Vincent D'Onofrio is OK as the resident head of security of the park. Of course, there are two kids who plays the nephews of Howard's character who are put in the middle of the action one it begins, leading to a predictable climax that while is full of thrills, could have been seen a mile a away.The Dinosaur effects in this film are probably the best in the series so far and while there are moments of Obvious CGI, it really does not distract from how far effects have come over the years from the first film to this one. In terms of dino carnage, this film comes in a little behind The Lost World in that department but not by much. The body count is higher here than in any of the other films in the series but lacks the tension and showmanship that Jurassic Park and The Lost World had in spades. It's however head shoulders above what Jurassic Park 3 had in those departments. Not to mention the fact that while the script for Jurassic World is fairly predictable, it does not overstay it's welcome. Unlike the underwritten Jurassic Park 3 with its very unlikeable characters.Jurassic World is a fine addition to the Jurassic Park series. While its pretty predicable and not as good or as tension filled as the first two films of the series, it's a vast improvement over the disappointing 3rd film. However, if there should be a fifth film, they need to go beyond the new monster of the week and come up with a better script to justify this series continuing for another film.
평점: 7	리뷰: The 4th film in the Jurassic Park series and the second sequel that Steven Spielberg did not direct starts off well enough with enough call backs to the first film of the series but quickly turns into a monster movie with a run away super killer dinosaur that was spliced by the DNA of other prehistoric creatures for the sake of selling extra tickets. If my description of the plot Is pretty simplistic,it's because the story is that simple. So forget the dangers of science morality tales that both "Jurassic Park" and "The Lost World" gave to it's stories and just accept that the series has become a standard creature feature that just swaps out it's main monster for every new installment. The last film in the series "Jurassic Park 3" pretty much threw away the whole plot lines of the first two films just to give us a chase film with a dinosaur that was never even seen in "The Lost World" and that film was set on the same island. While "Jurassic Park 3" just went on a painful 90 minutes long montage of talking raptors, horrible scenes of family bonding and an visible annoyed Sam Neill looking like he's about to go postal on the people working on the film set, Jurassic World manages to be a hell of a lot more enjoyable experience for the viewer in terms of just trying to inject a sense of plot and continuity to this other wise creature feature.As a standard creature feature, the movie works well and gives you your money's worth of dinosaurs doing collateral damage to property and personnel with the occasional park visitor being killed for good measure. Throw in your slack jaw good guy ( Chris Pratt) who feels that the creatures are misunderstood and works with good guy dinosaurs(I Kidd you not) to help stop the super killer dinosaur. Throw in an human adversary for our hero to fight with ( Vincent D"Onofrio) who would blow the whole island up to get this monster and add an human element like two lost children who are related to a employee at this crazy theme park who by the way has the hots for our hero and you have the entire story right there.It's hard enough to keep a franchise going, especially when you're dealing with dinosaurs walking the earth. You will eventually hit a wall in terms of storytelling if your primary goal is to keep turning these films out with out any care what so ever. We saw that with "Jurassic Park 3" where all the plot points from the previous two films were abandon for a B Movie creature feature. "Jurassic World" tries hard to correct that by having the movie be about something a little more and try to connect itself to the first film of the series. And Its much better film for it but it still ends up a creature feature all the same.
평점: 10	리뷰: Like it's dinosaur Frankenstein creation, Jurassic World is itself a  hybrid of sorts. A bright and vibrant opening that reminds the viewer  of the first time they saw the original Jurassic Park, with a voice  over by the late Richard Attenborough in introducing the park visitors  and the audience of the wonders of the first dinosaur amusement park.  Sort of a tribute to what the first movie was about and the realization  of it coming true. Then the mayhem begins and the viewer will remember  the words of Professor Ian Malcolm from the first sequel "The Lost  World": "Oh, yeah. Oooh, ahhh, that's how it always starts. Then later  there's running and um, screaming." That's what happens after the slow  introduction of the characters and story points of "Jurassic World".  What good about this film that it's a slow burn, like the first  Jurassic movie, then it kicks like a mule with the scares and adrenalin  of "The Lost World" when the park's new attraction starts eating the  tourist and it's fellow attractions. While having both Steven  Spielberg's original two films as inspiration is a good way to create a  Jurassic sequel, it's not original. Don't get me wrong, its very good  for what it was and Chris Pratt earns his stripes as a leading man but  takes too much from both "Jurassic Park" and "The Lost World" and just  regurgitating scenes here and there to be taken seriously as a sequel.  Plus it goes into overdrive with the scary,intelligent predator hybrid  dinosaur, which comes across more like "Predator" than a Jurassic Park  movie. This dinosaur hybrid kills for sport, not hunger or necessary  and that pushes the boundaries of what the Jurassic Park series was  about. Yes, they are wild animals but this film plays them up as good  guys and bad guys then the out of its time species that did not belong  into human society. With all of that out of my system, i will admit  that i did have a good time watching "Jurassic World" and jumped quite  a few times during a few scenes. A few inconsistencies a side, i  enjoying it as what it was. While there are obvious links to "Jurassic  Park" not to mention the fact that they are back to the original place  of the first film, i just did not feel like it was sequel to the  Jurassic Park series. More a reboot/remake of the first two movies but  it could have been much worse (Jurassic Park 3 anyone?).  3 Stars. Don't expect anything original but do expect to have a good  time none the less.
평점: 7	리뷰: I am a huge fan of the Jurassic Park franchise, it's my favourite franchise, my life revolves around it and dinosaurs. I was very nervous for Jurassic World, because it had been so so long since we've seen them back on Isla Nublar (22 years to be exact). This made me go into the film as a mainstream film fan, so I could really tell if this was a good film or not, without being bias. I was amazed by how much this film makes you feel like a kid again, it has the exact amount of nostalgia to please the fans of the franchise and enough new material to appeal to a younger audience who maybe haven't seen the first three films.First of all, the cast which this film possess is used to great effect, with the most notable being Chris Pratt, his character Owen Grady is the perfect blend of Alan Grant and Ian Malcolm, making him likable and very quirky in how he behaves around his Velociraptors and people in general. Bryce Dallas Howard's character breaks the conventions of a female character in a film of this genre, she takes control of situations and you feel that she isn't a girl to run away from danger...apart from running away from the Indominous Rex, which I don't blame anyone for doing so. The supporting characters in the film also help it to come alive and make you think this is a real park with real lives at risk, especially Vincent D'Onfario in his role, he plays it magnificently and you can feel his tension yourself and finally Nick Robinson and Ty Simpkins as the kids in peril aren't as annoying as Kelly in the lost world, so that's an improvement to take note for.When the first trailer for Jurassic World was released, way back at the end of November 2014, people were starting to get very worried about the effects in this film and how they will improve from the first film, the same with the use of animatronics in this film. Well my friends and fellow fans, the CGI in this film are brilliant to look at, even though some scenes you can tell it is from a computer scene, the rest you couldn't tell the difference, they used the animatronics in scenes where they were necessary which has a lot of sentimental value for the film which was a nice touch. Most people thought in this film the Tyrannosaurus would play a minor role like it did in Jurassic Park 3, but the way they utilize the old girl is brilliant, she is amazing to look at and she even has the scars form the fight with the raptors from the first film, you cannot make the T-Rex have a small role in this film, especially when she's the poster girl for this magnificent franchise. It will be hard to make Jurassic World 2 better than this one, but here is to hoping!
평점: 6	리뷰: MINOR SPOILERSAs a film viewer, I can't decide whether Jurassic World is better than the previous two titles in the series or not. It's not even a fair comparison, to be honest. TLW:JP was a straight-up action- horror flick, with shoehorned-in throwbacks to the whimsy and majesty of the first. Joe Johnston delved into B-movie territory, giving us the goofy Jurassic Park:3, and its assortment of musical dung heaps and T-Rex pee collecting teens and That Raptor. Neither picture was essentially bad IMO (there are parts in both I like), but they both failed to capture the spirit of the original. That's what JW tries to do. Hats off for that, but trying alone is not always enough. The problem in the execution is how it handles the 50:50 formula of the first film i.e. 50% world-building, óohs and ahas', and 50% Dino- chomping destruction, 'running and screaming'. JW should have been a larger film that JP. JP dealt with a theme park in the making- here, it has already been made. I'd'V liked to spend more time with the attractions- exploring the amusement park and Hammond museum, seeing more rides. It's not that they don't, they do, it's just not enough. I'd'V liked another 15- 20 minutes for this. After all, we'V waited 14 years for this, haven't we? It's like execs started thinking, 'so it's been 40 minutes since the movie started, why is nobody getting eaten?' My second problem with the film was zero chemistry between BDH and Chris Pratt (though his scenes with the rap-tors and Omar Sy are great). The kids are good in their roles (screaming, being cute), especially the little kid from Iron Man 3. I especially liked them in one scene where they discover a familiar location from the first film. Jake Johnson and Vincent D'Onofrio are the pick of the supporting cast. Coming to the Dino's. The I-Rex is flat out awesome. Won't spoil it for you. But it's worth the wait, and no, all secrets about the I-Rex have not been revealed in the trailers/ spots/ teasers. Kept waiting for scenes with her. The rap-tor squad is pretty cool. I was hoping the rap-tors'd have more personality like Maurice and Rocket and Koba from the Apes reboot, but hey, you can't have everything. Yes, there is a pretty big twist with them too. I think a lot of people have a fair idea about what the T-Rex's role in this film will be, but it's still terrific fun to watch on screen. I really thought we'd get more mosasaurus than we actually do, but whatever. The steradians are decent sidekick villains. The other Dino's are basically filler- triceratops petting zoos and apatosaurus rivers and the like. The CGI ain't bad, except that you know that it is. At every moment. Does that make it bad? I'll leave it up to you. There are several big set pieces that haven't been revealed in the trailer, for which I was grateful. I was thinking with the I-Rex breakout, the I- Rex attack on the security team and the gyro sphere, the preordain rampage, and the velocipede car chase, the film might run out of action scenes, but it doesn't. There are more. The script could have used a little tightening too. Some cringe-worthy lines, but the cast does what it can with them. That's about it, really. I enjoyed the film, but was it worth the wait. No. Maybe the sequel (which is set up well) will be.
평점: 3	리뷰: Modernized and polished entry to the Jurassic Park series picks up 22 years after the original Steven Spielberg SyFy thriller with a fully functional prehistoric amusement park that is trying to pick up their attendance numbers by splicing the DNA of their animals in order to create a new attraction to bring in more customers. With this, they manage to create a dinosaur that is much bigger that the signature T-Rex but also much more aggressive, much smarter and much more territorial as well. So of course it does not take much time for this thing to break out of it's habitat to cause death and destruction in it's wake. It's then up to park consultant Owen Grady (Chris Pratt) and company to stop this mega dinosaur from killing everyone on the island.While the set up is predictable as well as it's outcome, the movie still provides a fun two hours of distraction. The problem is however is that outside of Chris Pratt, whose playing an intelligent variation of his swagger character from " Guardians" No one in this movie is very interesting or likable with the slight exception of Vincent D'Onofrio, who can read a phone book and make it interesting. The script is cringe worthy in a lot of places and while technology has come very far from the original, good storytelling is far and few between. "Jurassic World" still does manage to offer a lot of scary moments of sheer terror and does provide some comic relief, which is a huge step up from the last movie of the series(Jurassic Park 3)but does not have the genuine spectacle and heart that drove Steven Spielberg's first two movies in the series (The original Jurassic Park and The Lost World : Jurassic Park).All and all, it's a decent ride that somewhat redeems the Jurassic Park series but they need shoot higher next time other than just be a decent follow up.
평점: 8	리뷰: I saw the film last night at an advanced screening in New York City for the press. I'd be surprised if this gets a fresh critic score on rotten tomatoes.You know the feeling of awe you get when you watch Jurassic Park? You get that because when you watch it Spielberg made you believe this place could actually become a reality. Jurassic World doesn't come close to achieving this, and because of that it failed. Every sequel since the first film has thought the reason why people loved Jurassic Park was just because of the dinosaurs. That is a big reason why it was so successful, but that is only a piece of why the movie is so great. The rest is great characters, great acting, great direction, great score and a great script. Jurassic World has none of those. Without those elements how can you sweep me up into believing that Jurassic World could actually exist? You can't and because of that there isn't a cool moment in this movie that really matters or stands out. There are only 2 or 3 surprises in the movie that aren't in the trailer, and the "surprises" are so predictable. There were so many moments where it recycled Spielberg's work. It sounds like that would be cool, but when you see it its so tasteless. Let's have a Jaws moment, let's have the Trex running after the car moment. Does this have anything new to bring to the table? Not that much I'm afraid.I had low expectations for this film going in. I'm the biggest Jurassic Park fan you can meet. I really hoped it would bring me back to the place I loved in any small way it could but it didn't. This movie doesn't take its time showing you the wonders of the Park, it rushes through it like it rushes through everything else.Even Jurassic Park 3 understood how to create suspense. This has none. No sense of how big these animals are either. Remember the famous water rippling in the glass? The feeling this huge thing was coming to get everyone? Nope. Hey cinematographer, ever heard of shadows? You can use them to create fear? Anything? I guess I'm asking for too much.They threw in some nostalgic moments in there but literally stomped all over them. Great, thanks.The only good parts are the CGI and the use of one animatronic dinosaur, glad they figured out that would be effective. The ending is alright but predictable. Other then that don't waste your time with this monster mash. That's all they think making a Jurassic Park sequel needs. Well think again.
평점: 6	리뷰: I am a huge fan of the Jurassic Park franchise, it's my favorite franchise, my life revolves around it and dinosaurs. I was very nervous for Jurassic World, because it had been so so long since we've seen them back on Isla Nublar (22 years to be exact). This made me go into the film as a mainstream film fan, so I could really tell if this was a good film or not, without being bias. I was amazed by how much this film makes you feel like a kid again, it has the exact amount of nostalgia to please the fans of the franchise and enough new material to appeal to a younger audience who maybe haven't seen the first three films.First of all, the cast which this film possess is used to great effect, with the most notable being Chris Pratt, his character Owen Grady is the perfect blend of Alan Grant and Ian Malcolm, making him likable and very quirky in how he behaves around his Velociraptors and people in general. Bryce Dallas Howard's character breaks the conventions of a female character in a film of this genre, she takes control of situations and you feel that she isn't a girl to run away from danger...apart from running away from the Indominous Rex, which I don't blame anyone for doing so. The supporting characters in the film also help it to come alive and make you think this is a real park with real lives at risk, especially Vincent D'Onfario in his role, he plays it magnificently and you can feel his tension yourself and finally Nick Robinson and Ty Simpkins as the kids in peril aren't as annoying as Kelly in the lost world, so that's an improvement to take note for.When the first trailer for Jurassic World was released, way back at the end of November 2014, people were starting to get very worried about the effects in this film and how they will improve from the first film, the same with the use of animatronics in this film. Well my friends and fellow fans, the CGI in this film are brilliant to look at, even though some scenes you can tell it is from a computer scene, the rest you couldn't tell the difference, they used the animatronics in scenes where they were necessary which has a lot of sentimental value for the film which was a nice touch. Most people thought in this film the Tyrannosaurus would play a minor role like it did in Jurassic Park 3, but the way they utilize the old girl is brilliant, she is amazing to look at and she even has the scars form the fight with the raptors from the first film, you cannot make the T-Rex have a small role in this film, especially when she's the poster girl for this magnificent franchise. It will be hard to make Jurassic World 2 better than this one, but here is to hoping!

영화제목: Avengers: Age of Ultron
평점: 10	리뷰: The Avengers: Age of Ultron is one of the best movie I've ever watched(not biased). I am a Marvel fan that also like DC movies and series, but in my opinion I think DC makes good TV series on small screens however I think Marvel makes great movies on big screens. The Avengers: Age of Ultron is the best superhero film in my opinion because of the huge surprises in the movie and the incredibly thrilling storyline from the comics, the directors of the movie did change the storyline a bit though, it's not like a copy and paste storyline from the comic book. Therefore, this is the best superhero film of all time in my opinion.
평점: 8	리뷰: Yes, the Avengers Age of Ultron is a dream come true. This is exactly the sequel to a great film that we have been dreaming about. It's superb on every single level. It honestly has no real flaws that I could see. How great does a movie have to be given the inherent difficulties in making a film like this in the first place? Writer/director Joss Whedon did an admirable job of balancing the screen time of the sprawling and expanding cast.As for the new characters, I loved what they did with The Vision and how they did it. The Scarlet Witch and Quicksilver — aka, Pietro and Wanda Maximoff are amazing as well. Wanda's psychic powers are much more complicated and empathetic then I expected them to be. What I love about Wanda is that she physically goes through emotional trauma when she uses certain powers and we as the audience go with her on that emotional journey. Like just about everything this film, that really packs a punch.Marvel's done a great of making its superhero movies about the title characters more than the villains. In both team films now, the bad guy has stepped up and been phenomenal. Both films delivered true treats. This movie actually tops the first in scope and drama and that's in no small part to a superb villain. I feel that Ultron tops any bad guy since Darth Vader himself. His presence, manipulation and motivation leads to the best action sequences ever put to film. It also leads to an intriguing story and remarkable performances as this fine cast is allowed to flex their emotional muscles as well as their superhero muscles. I can say without hesitation that movies just don't get better than this one sequel or otherwise.
평점: 10	리뷰: Avengers age of Ultron is by far the best Marvel movie to date. It has all the elements of the first movie, but steps it up in the action, character and dialog. I went into this movie with very unrealistically high expectations. So when I saw this movie, I was very worried but excited. All the cast from the previous Avengers movie all reprise their roles. Robert Downey Juinor was amazing as Ironman. Chris Evans and Chris Hemsworth were both great as Captain America and the mighty Thor. Scarlett Johanson was brilliant as Black Widow and was even more bad-ass in this movie, than any of her other films. Her role was substantially bigger this time around. This can also be said about Hawkeye, who's role was way bigger in this movie. In fact, Hawkeye even has some of the best lines and the best action sequences. Mark ruffilo was once again amazing as Hulk and Bruce Banner. The one character that stole the show, would be James Spader. He embodies an evil AI robot perfectly. He can be really calm and yet menacing and sometimes he can be full of rage and anger. Aron Taylor Johnson and Elisibeth Olsin are also a great new edition to the marvel universe. The scarlet Witch character has a big part in the film also.The action has been dialed up and the set pieces are bigger and better. The cgi can seem a little off at times, but other than that, it looks fantastic.The movie also spends time on the relationships and past of some characters, which leads to some great character moments. This is much more emotional, than the first movie. I would defiantly say that this movie is better than the first Avengers Movie!
평점: 10	리뷰: The humor, angst and drama are remarkable for a superhero film. In fact, most will consider them remarkable for any type of movie. I can't think of a weak moment in the film, as it is strong from beginning to end. Anyone doubting that this entire cast (new and old) couldn't work well together or that characters would be cheated out of screen time need not worry. EVERYONE gets to shine. Downey as well as Evans are Oscar caliber good in this movie. (Setting up what has to be an amazing next installment in "Civil War") All the performances are straight to the point perfect. Hulk is again perfect in his CG transformation and Spader's Ultron uses his wonderful voice and mannerisms to perfection. Each new character is exquisitely cast and the old school guard has never been better. That includes RDJ as Tony Stark. We all loved what we've seen before from him and this evolution of Stark is even more intriguing. Elizabeth Olsen gives one of the best new character portrayals in recent years. People are going to want to see a LOT more of her Scarlet Witch in the future. Also, Jeremy Renner is finally given Hawkeye material worthy of his abilities and worthy of the character itself. He truly does steal more than one scene and has some of the best one-liners imaginable. This easily fulfilled and the exceeded all of my expectations. I can't wait to see where they branch the Avengers team and concept from this point forward. There are so many great possibilities. This really is everything anyone would want in a movie. It delivers everything I had hoped to see and quite a bit that I didn't even think possible.
평점: 10	리뷰: Where to start? First of all, Mrs. Joss Whedon you've done it again! I've been following this sh'man's work since Buffy and I still can't believe how consistently great, elegant, poetic, graceful, romantic, feminine yet hard, brutal, no holds barred, slamming, thrusting, dominating and masculating sh'is material has been. I come from a long line of men and women in my family and growing up around a strong female character such as my mother and a submissive yet nice guy character as my Dad, I came into my own character... I mean identity early in life. I understood immediately how a relationship between a man and a woman works and so began my long, hard, soft and wet foray into the more tasteful and equal parts of the artistic world in such mediums as cinema (or "Kino" for all you Krauts!), music, books, paintings, graphic novels, bicycles, cats and ethnic food. This path eventually led me to the works of Joss Whedon. And this Whoa-Man (as in he's such a good writer it makes you go "WHOA, MAN!" but it's also a pun of the word woman because that's his favorite word) has taken the helm of Marvel's ultimate team of Superheroes: The Avengers! So here's the deal: How does Whedon write such strong female characters? You have Black Widow and let's be honest, even though her screen time and salary is a fraction of her male co-stars she still kicks ass as in the woman can really fight! But wait, it doesn't end there because we're introduced to Scarlet Witch and guess what? she kicks ass, too in her collected 10 minutes of screen time! she has strong, telekinetic, female character powers. And let's not forget S.H.I.E.L.D Agent Maria Hill who only has a combined screen time of maybe 5 minutes in a 140 minute movie but you know what? when she shows up, she kicks ass! There's so much girl power in this movie that you instantly forget that the rest of the characters taking up a majority of the film's running time are male. But we have a big bad wolf in the film's main villain: Ultron. This pulsing man-machine symbol of the Patriarchy is on a throbbing rampage to destroy the entire world. Typical male, am I right? *owl face. Ultron tears and rips through so many walls, pounding and destroying whatever is spread out in front of him you almost think no one has a chance.Then something glorious happens in the character of Vision. Like an angel he gracefully enters an opening in the story with such a delicate touch, slow yet careful and with passion and a most extreme sensual connection he helps the Avengers to defeat Ultron. But of course it wouldn't be Whedon if a woman wasn't there to aid him because Scarlet Witch is also a big factor in the big, exploding climax. She absolutely gushes with such power that the combined force of her and Vision opens up a whole new, unlabeled form of partnership that has yet to buzz up in our own society. These characters are the absolute objects of my affectionIf you want a definition of Whedon's artistic vision you would be wrong to think it was lumpy, pasty, receding in quality, or sausagely-fingered in its themes as that would be shaming his entire body of work. His career is to define what it is to be a woman and I haven't seen equality like this since the outcome of Roe v Wade. The Bodhi Dharma once said: "Nobody can give you freedom. Nobody can give you equality or justice or anything. If you're a man, you take it". I imagine when he put down his writing chopstick afterwards he never would have thought his words would give a natural birth to the baby mind of one Joss Whedon. Keep on writing, Mister Sister 'cuz, baby, you're a firefly!
평점: 10	리뷰: I just want to get to the point, this movie is outstanding. This will most likely be the biggest movie of 2015. This is a great movie for those enjoy who action, suspense, and awe worthy moments. This was unbelievably better then the first and I had my doubts but of course Marvel blew me away. I can not even think of one bad thing to say honestly, Marvel knows what to do and how do to do it. If you are a Marvel fan you need to see this movie. I will admit I was a bit upset when I found out Loki/ Tom Hiddleston would not be in this one but Ultorn delivered an amazing performance as well. Get your tickets and get your friends, family, or both because you are in for a huge surprise.
평점: 8	리뷰: Let's just get straight to point here, Avengers Age of Ultron is the best marvel movie to date. You can make a strong argument for it being the best superhero movie of all time. Yes it's really that good. The plot line was very intriguing. It was far from the cliché superhero story. The script was funny and very witty. Joss Whedon did a wonderful job, it's a shame that he won't be directing the next 2 avengers films. The only upside is that he will be still there as a producer for phase 3 of the Marvel Cinematic Universe. This story really sets up phase 3 and one of the most anticipated movies of 2016, Captain America: Civil War. My one regret in terms of the story is that it could be slightly longer, even though the entire film ran smoothly. I would have still liked to see more of the movie, I guess we will have to wait for the DVD release to see some extra scenes. All the actors, unsurprisingly, played their roles superbly. Robert Downey jr again played the genius, billionaire, playboy, philanthropist, which we all love. This performance just adds to the argument that he is Iron Man. Chris Evan always brings a sense of honesty and heart to the role of Captain America. Scarlet Johansson again showed us that a male isn't the only one who can be a badass that young boys look up to. Chris Hemsworth, Mark Ruffalo, Samuel L Jackson, Jeremy Renner, Cobie Smulders, Don Cheadle and Anthony Mackie all reprised their roles wonderfully and each one of them added an extra dimension to their character. The newcomers Thomas Kretschmann, Andy Serkis, Elizabeth Olsen and Aaron Taylor-Johnson were all great additions to the already extremely talented and lively cast. The newcomer that really gave the strongest performance was clearly James Spader. His intimidating robotic voice really brought the character to life and added sense of realism, in an otherwise unbelievable character. He brought our future fears (from terminator) of an AI trying to wipe out humanity. Marvel are not known for their memorable super villains, in fact they're known for the opposite of this, but this villain is up there with Loki, Ultron is one of the more terrifying and surprisingly relatable/understandable villains in the MCU. However Paul Bettany's performance as the vision stole the show. He took the spotlight for every scene that he was in and I can't wait to see him again. The cast really gel well as a unit and you'll be thinking that these actors grew up with each other, after you've seen the movie. The chemistry between everyone holds the film together. The action in the movie, let's just make this quick, was mind blowing. For anyone who's seen the trailers, you will already know that the action shown was amazing. For any of you that think that they've showed too much or every action piece, from the movie, in the trailers, you couldn't be more wrong. When you watch the movie you'll notice that the action scenes are orchestrated beautifully and that every character has upped their game since the last time we saw them on screen, especially Captain America. This is a big budget movie and this is clearly shown in the stunts and the action sequences. The movie was shot all over the world this time and that helps to show that these group of people don't just fight for one nation but the world. The locations were beautiful and i will always prefer a real natural set over a green screen. This movie was a fantastic treat to watch and it's really a shame that this movie wasn't longer, so that we could all enjoy it for 20-30 minutes more. I had high expectations coming into the theatre and when I left, I was more than satisfied. This movie will be enjoyed by people of all ages, it's got cool action for the kids and the plot is more than interesting enough to hold the attention of the adults. This movie delivers on all levels and can be considered as one of the best, if not the best movie of all time. It's clearly the best movie in the past few years. P.S. Stay for after the movie ends (mid-credits) for a treat for phase 3. I will be uploading a video review to this movie soon. Please subscribe to my channel and watch the videos already posted. Thank you for your time! https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCQzQVmzrHi_IzaxQ5jH9Cig/videos Uploaded the review now!! Please watch!!http://youtu.be/80HlwBIDBJg
평점: 8	리뷰: Tony Stark wants to invent something that benefits mankind but instead turns out to be the one responsible for the creation of this dangerous self thinking robot, Ultron. The Avengers must assemble once again to fight this menace that wants to kill all the humans on this planet. But Ultron is powerful and the way he is presented makes you wonder how our heroes can defeat him. Just you wait and see...What I liked best about Age of Ultron was the fact that all our favorite heroes get equal screen time to show of what they can do. Although the action scenes are great (Iron Man in the Hulkbuster versus Hulk!) the thing that really makes this movie work is the interaction between all the people involved. Stark and Banner, Banner and Black Widow, Hawkeye and Black Widow, Thor and Captain America... like in real life you can see with whom each of them get along best. It's also nice to see that Hawkeye gets a lot of screen time. He even gets the most interesting background story of the bunch. Quicksilver and Scarlet Witch make a great addition to the team (sort of) and there are a lot more cameos in the movie (although I don't think anybody spotted Lou Ferrigno!).The movie runs about two and a half hours and that's pretty long. It could have been a little bit shorter, but overall I didn't mind. With great action scenes (pay attention to the opening action sequence in which he introduces the Avengers in one mighty shot!), nice humor, a lot of cameos and a satisfying finale writer/director Joss Whedon has everything under control and that pays of.This year (2015) The Avengers Age of Ultron will shatter all box office records and that will be a fitting reward for giving most Marvel fans and 'normal' moviegoers this big treat. Even Pixar slipped (with Cars 2 and Brave) so everybody's waiting for Marvel to produce a real stinker. Although that day may come, The Avengers part 2 is not the movie that will be responsible for that!8,5 / 10
평점: 10	리뷰: What's the old saying? "Talent hits a target no one else can hit; Genius hits a target no one else can see." Well, Joss Whedon is officially a genius and the talent of this cast was evident in every scene. They all hit it out of the park. Yes, I just love Avengers Age of Ultron. This movie works on so many levels and makes you draw on absolutely all of your emotions. The last time I enjoyed a movie this much was the last time these characters assembled. Again, they managed to deliver a remarkable cool factor. What makes it extra special is following this film after all the other solo efforts from each character. I enjoyed the others films quite a bit but they all delivered something different. Winter Soldier delivered conspiracy thrills. The Iron Man trilogy factored in Tony Stark's complete dramatic arc, character flaws and all. The Dark World was pure sci-fi fantasy. Seeing them blend together in Avengers and the sparks that resulted is an extra special treat. It all works so well and is grounded enough to carry the story and the audience through an unbelievable ride. In fact, it doesn't just fit, it's an exciting symphony and that dichotomy and difference in characters and how they interact are what makes this movie truly great. It's why Avengers stands so tall above any other franchise at the moment. Things like Transformers, Fast/Furious, and even Star Wars or Star Trek all operate with monotone restrictions. Avengers covers all angles and even multiple genres all by itself. It delivers depth of character with its fun and amazing action sequences. There's a reason why these movies make as much money as they do. They deliver a lot of everything and do so at a high quality.Right from the beginning of the movie, where we get the all in one tracking shot, through the epic final globe smashing conclusion, everything is on go and everything delivers superb intensity and spectacle. This is going to be many many people's favorite film of 2015.

영화제목: The Dark Knight Rises
평점: 8	리뷰: Not being a huge fan of superhero movies, I didn't have much expectations for Batman Begins. However viewing the 2005 Christopher Nolan production, I was pleasantly shocked. Then after my huge expectations for, "The Dark Knight", Christopher Nolan blew my expectations to the dust. Will the same happen with the 3rd and last film, "The Dark Knight Rises"? Quite simply, Yes! My big expectations were once again, blown away. What a production! This is a true cinematic experience, to behold. The movie exceeded my expectations in terms of action, and entertainment. The editing, sound, score, visuals, direction and action are all top notch. The film contains a fine cast of talented actors. Christian Bale, of course still makes is a great Batman. Michael Cain is fantastic, as he always is. He gives such a powerful performance, he really ought to be considered for an Oscar nomination. Tom Hardy as Bane is utterly terrifying, at times, and completely ominous. Anne Hathaway as Catwoman/Selina Kyle is a scene stealer. She is completely engrossing. Everyone is so great, the dynamic scenes between the actors are so well done, so well written, and so well directed. The Dark Knight Rises is is emotionally riveting and amazing to view.At a running time of almost 3 hours, the film never becomes dull, which is pretty impressive. The movie's action sequences are spectacularly well created and very intense. The dialogue between the character's are intelligent and highly believable. The movie's soundtrack is terrific and really exemplify's many of the movie's scenes. Extremely well editing and sound use really develop many of the movie's action scenes, so it's not just explosions and visuals like in many other movies. Nolan creates a grand, dirty, engrossing world, and his action sequences just hum. In conclusion, this film is a gorgeous reminder that great writing and direction can enhance any movie-going experience, even superhero movies, which are usually thought of as mindless entertainment. I am wholly satisfied with Christopher Nolan's vision and thank all who worked on this film for bringing such an intricate interpretation of its very famous literary source. I cannot recommend this film anymore than I have, I just have to say everyone and anyone should see it. 10/10"
평점: 8	리뷰: Caught this at the Majestic 10 in Williston, VT on Sunday July 15th. It was a special benefit sponsored by Senator Patrick Leahy. Christopher Nolan demanded that it must be shown in 35mm, so that was an added bonus! A fitting end to the Nolan trilogy. It's hard to pick a favorite of the 3 films, although Heath Ledger's performance as the Joker in The Dark Knight probably makes that film the standout in the trilogy.As always, ingenious camera-work, sound, visual effects and great acting performances from Gary Oldman, Michael Caine, Christian Bale, Morgan Freeman, etc. Anne Hathaway was GREAT as Catwoman. Not as psycho and unpredictable as past portrayals. That's what's great about the Nolan take on this series - making all this plausible through acting, script and casting choices.Tom Hardy's Bane was a bit of a letdown for me. No fault of Hardy, but Bane is kind of a boring, muscle head type villain. He's got this face mask covering him, making it harder to connect emotionally, and his back-story wasn't really explored in depth. Not nearly as interesting as the villains we've seen.overall, definitely worth seeing, even if you aren't a Batman fan.
평점: 10	리뷰: You can all rest easy now.. "The Dark Knight Rises" is the 3rd and final movie of the Christoper Nolan-directed trilogy and it was a great feeling seeing it finish in grand fashion.There was no way it was going to surpass "The Dark Knight" and the iconic performance of Heath ledger as the "The Joker", but it comes incredibly close and mostly delivers with the assistance of "Bane"; the last major villain of the franchise. Actor Tom Hardy does the role justice as the voice itself is creepy and haunting and sets the tone of the entire film, as Batman is caught in the darkest of struggles.Then there's Anne Hathaway's portrayal of "Catwoman" which surprised me and added a bit of fun to the otherwise dark film, however she doesn't surpass the utter brilliance of Michelle Pheifer's "Catwoman" in Tim Burton's "Batman Returns" which is still the definitive version of the character.All in all the movie was a lot of fun to watch since we've all been waiting to see how it all ends, and trust me it was well worth the wait! I congratulate Christopher Nolan for making a trilogy that is connected beginning to end and is now the most compelling take on the "batman" that we've ever witnessed on the big screen.
평점: 10	리뷰: I just came from a screening of The Dark Knight rises and I must say I was skeptical at first if it could exceed the Dark Knight and to put it quite frankly......IT DID. Eight years after the events of The Dark Knight, the appearance of the mysterious Selina Kyle sets in motion a chain of events culminating in the arrival of Bane, a ruthless terrorist with plans to destroy Gotham City. With the future of the city at stake, Batman must emerge from his exile and confront Bane to bring about an end to his reign of terror. Bruce Wayne in the beginning is a recluse, similar to Howard Hughes in his later days. The story starts with a airplane hiest that would make James Bond green with envy, when Bane captures a doctor (that turns out to be just as evil as bane). The rest of the movie speeds through with brilliant cinematography and score. The conclusion, in which bane dies due to a lack of the anesthesia he desperately needs and a few bombs is amongst the greatest in film history. Needless to say this movie deserves to win the best picture category. Bravo Chris Nolan, Bravo
평점: 8	리뷰: I had the honor of watching TDKR during a screening and was completely blown away! Christopher Nolan's third film in his Batman trilogy doesn't disappoint. The movie is incredibly well made, its huge production is quite breathtaking to view. This is a true cinematic experience, to behold. The movie exceeded my expectations in terms of action, and entertainment. The movie's score high-lites many of its incredible scenes, and at times, it takes your breath away.The film featured excellent performances, by all the cast. Christian Bale, as always is great as Batman. Anne Hathaway was completely engrossing, she became "Catwoman", just like Michele Pfeiffer did, although their interpretations were very different, both were equally effective. Tom Hardy was the main villain "Bane" completely shattered my expectations. One of the best superhero movie villains, I've ever seen. The terror caused by him, is completely believable and quite menacing. Marlion Cotilliard, Michael Cane, Gary Oldman, and others all did well in their respective roles. Now I know most will miss Heath Ledger as the Joker.(I know I do) I hope people don't compare Tom Hardy's performance to Heath Ledger's, its completely unfair and the two characters are very different. Just read the comics.The colossal size of the film is a spectacle to behold, but surprisingly you don't get lost with all the explosions and extravagant action scenes, like in other films,(AKA Transformers, or POTC.) If one were to gripe, and I suppose there will never be a film made that one cannot find a point at which to grip, it is painfully long running time here. I found myself more worried about the pain in my posterior than the emotional final minutes after almost 3 hours that I had spent in a cramped seat, but that's just how I am. However the ending is just fantastic, so emotional and bring the trilogy to a very satisfying end.Sorry if I'm being all fan-boyish and kissing this movie's behind, but I really admire it. It may not be among my personal favorites but generally this seems to be the movie event of this year. As a film though, this is amazing. A true lasting legacy in superhero story telling and summer-blockbusters.
평점: 10	리뷰: Got to watch it in a preview show here in India. Was stunned with the way Nolan has narrated the story. It is simply AWESOME! Everything looks so perfect here, right from the starting, till the end credits roll. Even though i am not an ardent fan of action/superhero movies, I liked the first two installments of the series, so the expectation for this was so huge. And to be frank, i am happy with the outcome. Ii is brilliant in every aspect. Nolan's direction is top-notch and he is the real hero of the movie. I even felt goosebumps in certain sequences. I do not want to reveal the story much, but what i can say is, this one is a must for every movie lover. Such an awesome performance from Tom Hardy! I was just amazed to see him perform Bane. Christian Bale is no less, he is literally perfect reprising his role from the previous two films. The other actors have done good job. But i missed Heath Ledger, may his soul rest in peace. Anyway, what i have to say is, do not miss this film, lest it is a real loss for you. I would like to rate it 8.5/10, And Hats off to Nolan and the entire crew for giving us such a cinematic experience.
평점: 10	리뷰: The Dark Knight rises is easily the most anticipated film of the year and has a lot to live up to with the previous two entries just seeming to get better and better. With the same creative team intact, can Nolan and Bale pull off the ultimate finale to their trilogy and deliver the film we've all been waiting for or will it fall to the dreaded bad third film syndrome that seems to plague most series? The Dark Knight Rises continues the journey of Batman eight years after he took the fall for the death and crimes of Harvey Dent. Forced back into action to take on the terrorist Bane, the Dark Knight returns to protect the city that looks at him as an enemy. The Dark Knight was a brilliant film on numerous levels so going in this film already had a big hurdle to overcome. While it may not have completely overshadowed the previous entry, it easily finds its place on equal ground. This final entry to the Nolan series continues to bring these three films together becoming essentially one long film. Rises brings new realm of personal journey to numerous characters old and new. Christian Bale steps back into the role like he never left bringing a new pain that seems to elevate both Wayne and Batman to another level. Most fans will be happy to know that while the growl like voice is still here, it is toned down a bit so not to be quite as off putting. Michael Caine is given a bit more to do taking the character study between Alfred and Wayne that has been building and he delivers more of his motivational and emotional speeches like only he can. Gary Oldman gets a bit more to do as well getting to channel the Gordon we have been waiting for since the beginning. Tom Hardy steps into the role of Bane, a character that is met with mixed emotions. Known in the comics as the villain that broke the bat, has had many incarnations, most of them not all that good and not widely known to those that aren't comic fans. Believe it or not, Nolan has taken a fairly single dimension character and brought to life a destructive force that smashes through this film with no remorse. The big surprise was Anne Hathaway as Selina Kyle aka Catwoman. She seemed to be channeling some of the previous versions, most notably that of the 60's series minus the camp. She really makes this character work bringing the sexiness as well as a more empowered woman aspect to the character. She is easily the best incarnation of this character so far.The story is well crafted bringing all the characters together along with the story to create an epic piece of filmmaking. There are numerous levels to the story that worked well for every character giving each of them their own small story without ever making the film feel overcrowded or forced. It takes a bit to get going, but not in a bad way. There are some pretty heavy moments that push this film along, but will keep you away from the action for longer than you may want. Much like the source material this trilogy is a character study of the inner struggles of a man and not so much about the action. Make no mistake there are plenty of action sequences, each bigger than the next. Nolan has slowed the action down a bit, namely during the fight scenes letting the viewer finally get a better glimpse of the Dark Knight in action. Kudos to Nolan as gone are most of the fancy well-choreographed fights and in their place is a brutality that is needed to make the Bane story work.This is not only a great film, but a brilliant cap to an already brilliant series. It's a truly amazing experience to see this film come to life and wrap up a series that has continued to get better and better. There are plenty of moments that will make both comic and non-comic fans alike smile and cheer. Nolan has stamped his mark on the Batman universe and has done something almost never thought possible. He has delivered a brilliant Batman trilogy and managed to keep the entire brilliant cast in tact all the way down to members of the Wayne Corp board members. This is a film that will make you cheer and sad that it is coming to an end. As this series comes to an end and the credits role you will find yourself sighing in relief and happiness knowing Nolan pulled it off and wondering what's next for the Batman.
평점: 9	리뷰: Interesting story and a valiant attempt to close the trilogy big but TDKR ultimately has to be considered a huge failure. It won't fail at the box office but it fails on screen. I'm shocked that a Chris Nolan film delivers poor character development. Bad or underwhelming action? Sure, we kind of expect that from Nolan at this point but to get a poorly told and BLOATED story is shocking. Who is responsible for delivering a tedious and poorly written movie? Did Nolan write this himself and was he that uninspired when he did so??? It seems to me like he felt he had to follow TDK because of the buzz and was self conscious and clumsy about doing so. That really does show up on the screen. It's like he had an idea but had to be so large as to top TDK that he lost his way. The meandering yet overcrowded story didn't deliver what it was supposed to at all. Did we really learn about any character or come to care for anyone at all beyond what we already did? This movie tries to cash in on its predecessor's coat tails but really can't stand on its own. I love this cast and actually felt bad for them DURING its running time. It's bad when a movie takes you completely out of the film and makes you pity the cast. It also lacked pacing, it wandered, it repeated, and it just failed to build any real momentum. Average action sequences seem so out of place this late in the summer. Bigger and better films had already raised the bar and TDK just couldn't give audiences anything as good in terms of action despite throwing millions of dollars at the screen and fancy new jets and vehicles at us. All that bad action may look good on the TV spots and may eat up screen time but it doesn't add anything to the movie and felt as shallow as a dull video game.Following TDK with this simply lowers everything we've seen before. This is almost exactly like following Godfather 2 with Godfather 3's mess of a movie. It's such a shame.
평점: 8	리뷰: WOW strap yourself in this is going to be remembered long after you leave the cinema. Without giving you any spoilers let me just say from the opening sky high scene that rivals the best of any James Bond scenario the pace is set for a bleak, but thrilling 'so called' conclusion mastermind Christopher Nolan's Dark Knight series. Soon to be the new Mad-Max, Tom Hardy (seen but not forgotten in Sucker Punch) plays ultra bad guy Bane with amazing confrontation. Challenging Batman mentally and physically you will not soon forget his chaotic reign. Anne Hathaway albeit an alarming choice as Selina/Catwoman will surprise the die-hards while the amazing cast is listless, Michael Caine has some tender moments amongst the mayhem and new addition Joseph Gordon-Levitt challenges to further his history with and legacy of the Wayne foundation. Spiderman will spin off into the distance the minute the caped crusader appears in cinemas. Must see.
평점: 10	리뷰: You just don't watch a Nolan movie. You experience it. Something happens inside you after you're done watching any of his movies.The Dark Knight Rises is not just a movie, its a baggage of expectations, its a sequel to The Dark Knight, it has been directed by Chris Nolan, it has the Batman and people have already started with their assumptions and speculations.Does the movie survive all this?Yes. Definitely yes.Batman Begins dealt with fear. The Dark Knight dealt with chaos. The Dark Knight Rises deals with pain.Eight years have been passed since the demise of Harvey Dent. Batman had hung up the boots and started blaming himself for Harvey's Death and everything. With all the injuries he had sustained while fighting under that bat suit and the depression, he is no longer the Bruce Wayne Gotham knows. People have been questioning his sanity. Wayne empire is declining.In comes Bane. The dark, brutal, masked and monolithic beast who almost destroys Wayne enterprises to seek Batman.Selina Kyle, a female burglar who teases Bruce Wayne with her attitude and activities. As a result, Batman is forced to come back. What follows is the series of events that not only blow your mind away but cast a magical spell to last the full life time.There are a several new players that have been introduced in the film, such as Wayne's love interest and the new age cop John Blake who does the job of being the good side kick of Gordon and plays in an important role in convincing Bruce Wayne to be back as the caped crusader to protect Gotham one last time from the terror of Bane and army.So is The Dark Knight Rises better than The Dark Knight? If you were one of those fans who prefer Batman Begins to TDK then you'll find much to love about TDKR. And if you weren't then no Batman film will ever match TDK for you.As both Batman and Bruce Wayne, Christian Bale's work here is master- class, and he gives the character such an inescapable melancholy – a certain perseverance in the face of absolute resignation to his fate – that he becomes a more tragic figure than ever. That said, he's aided enormously by a never-better Michael Caine, who turns with hope and palpable love what might otherwise be expository dialogue into searing, supportive criticisms of Wayne's self-destruction. On the other hand, after being marketed as heir to the Joker in "The Dark Knight," Tom Hardy's Bane is a different sort of villain – a focused and more ideologically-developed version of Heath Ledger's Joker – but one with equally ruthless charm.While she doesn't quite steal the show as Heath Ledger's Joker did, Hathaway's Catwoman is a magnetic presence whenever she's on screen and she has great chemistry with Bale. Selina may be the proverbial good bad girl, the thief with a heart of gold, but Hathaway imbues her with a wounded spirit and a survivor's edge that makes her feel genuine and sympathetic even when she's being naughty.That being said, the acts of good old Gary Oldman and the power house Joseph Gordon Levitt cannot be ignored. Christopher Nolan is in peak time of his life. Whatever he is touching is turning into gold. He has taken The Batman series to a level which no one in thousand years can reach. The action scenes, the rise and the fall of all the characters along with the climax are just the pieces of the puzzle, which in the end you feel was taking shape since the day Batman Begins released. The first hour ties all the loose ends the first two movies left behind and the climax is so apt that you leave the theater feeling contended and satisfied.We may never see superhero films quite like these again, and that's fine. Nolan had something special to say with his time in the trenches, and he's ended on his own terms. I wonder which series Nolan decides to reboot next!
평점: 10	리뷰: Going out with a bang doesn't even begin to describe "The Dark Knight  Rises", the final installment of Christopher Nolan's Batman trilogy.  The film runs over 2 hours and 30 minutes but keeps you interested at  all times (the main problem I had with the otherwise excellent "The  Dark Knight" was that its pacing felt uneven and it got a little boring  at times) and keeps upping the tension every minute leading up to what  is indeed an epic conclusion.  The film picks up eight years after "the Dark Knight", with the city of  Gotham almost crime-free due to Batman taking the blame for the death  of Harvey Dent. But it turns out to be the calm before the biggest  threat Gotham has ever faced  a revolution led by the menacing Bane  (Tom Hardy) and his henchmen. Meanwhile Bruce Wayne/Batman (Christian  Bale) has retired from the public eye with only his butler Alfred  (Michael Caine) to keep him company. However, a mysterious criminal  named Selina Kyle (Anne Hathaway) and threat of Gotham's destruction  makes him rise from the shadows again.  Christian Bale, Michael Caine and the other actors (Gary Oldman, Morgan  Freeman, and Liam Neeson) who previously appeared in the series reprise  their roles with ease and seem to push their acting to the very limit  since it's the last installment. Especially Bale and Oldman have never  been better in their roles. But it's the new additions to the cast that  really lifts this movie to a higher level. Hathaway, whose casting I  definitely had some doubts about, plays Selina/Catwoman perfectly  an  extraordinary mix of strength and vulnerability. Marion Cotillard in  the other "love interest" role blows previous Batman paramours Maggie  Gyllenhaal and Katie Holmes out of the water. Joseph Gordon-Levitt is  also wonderful as John Blake, a policeman with strong beliefs. But it's  Tom Hardy as Bane that really made the film for me. Not only is he  truly terrifying at times, but he also manages to make the character  sympathetic and complex.   But the true star of the film is director (and co-screenwriter)  Cristopher Nolan. As a previous fan of his work I was looking forward  to this film with very high expectations and some fear that it wouldn't  live up to the hype. My expectations were not matched  they were  exceeded. The depth of the story was immense; it provoked lots of  thoughts about society and our values and had a huge emotional impact  on me. Credit for the cinematographer, the composer (Hans Zimmer truly  is the greatest composer of today) and the special effects team is also  due. Never have I ever felt as truly satisfied with every aspect of a  film as I did with this one.   So to summarize "The Dark Knight Rises" it is one of the best films I  have ever seen and the absolute best one in the trilogy. It makes  almost all other films pale in comparison to its grandeur and even if  it won't be the box office winner of the year (which it very well may  be) it's going to be a classic for years to come. As I try to describe  how great it was I realize that it isn't possible  because it was so  much more than great. This is a movie isn't just a movie. It's a future  legend.
평점: 9	리뷰: May contain minor spoilersWell people I will begin by saying that "The Dark Knight Rises" is almost exactly like Marvel Studio's "The Avengers", and that's because if there was ever a film that you could deem 'Critic Proof' this is definitely it. Now the aspect where "The Dark Knight Rises" completely separates itself from Marvel Studio's "The Avengers" is that this is just next level filmmaking at its best. Now don't get me wrong I loved "The Avengers" and it was a fantastic and fun ride, but this 3rd installment of Nolan's Batman trilogy is a real movie, with real characters, surrounded by real conflict and depth.I will pick up right there with Christopher Nolan, which is to say he is everything that represents the good in filmmaking. There is a line at the end of the very long credits where he attests to this wholeheartedly when you read, "This motion picture was shot and finished on film." The 2 people that I can compare him to the most are Quentin Tarantino and Steven Spielberg. First off Nolan won't even move forward until he has a strong story that is worth telling, and most of the time he writes the stories himselfwhich makes him a lot like Quentin Tarantino. Then he is just an absolute master that brings these almost intimate characters and concepts together in some of the biggest Hollywood films ever created, which makes him a lot like Steven Spielberg. Regardless, he has already proved that just into his early 40s to be one of the best directors Tinseltown has ever seen, and here he tells a lucid narrative tale. In the past he has had the hero of "Insomnia" commit an accidental crime of murder, killed off the love interest that did not choose the main character in "The Dark Knight", and here insanely traps an entire police force while holding a complete city hostage. Put simply this man has brass balls as a filmmaker, and takes chances and risks that would make William Friedkin and the great Sam Peckinpah proud. Actually the only thing that is anti-Nolan in this film is the ending that leaves us with the following or continuing tale.As the film's central protagonist and in the dual roles of Bruce Wayne/Batman Christian Bale has almost never been better. He gives us a billionaire that has the misfortune of becoming fortune less, but centers his character as a realistic if not righteous man. Bale delivers a haunting and tormented performance, and the Academy award winner brings at home at every turn.This brings me to Tom Hardy as the villainous Bane. Tom Hardy seems to impress me more with each performance, and is nothing short of amazing as the nemesis of The Dark Knight. Even though his face is covered almost every moment of the film, his eyes, the rest of his face, and his physical body language speak an Encyclopedia of words throughout. Much as he did as Tommy Riordan in last year's brilliant "Warrior" he really doesn't need to say much, and when he does through his voice altered masked it's almost always chilling. I just found it wildly coincidental that the only part of Bane's face that is covered by a mask of sorts, is the only part of Batman's face that is free of disguise. I also enjoyed how Bane is maniacal but intelligent, and the worst kind of criminalone that is smart. Whether he is breaking out of a plane in midair, blowing up bridges or a football field, or crashing the stock exchange, there is always a method to his madness.Then you have Anne Hathaway, who is never referred to as 'Catwoman', and brings some lighter moments to the film. She teases our hero in a love connection sort of way, and without her the film I believe would have been much too morose. Morgan Freeman and Gary Oldman are both solid as always, and Michael Caine brings wonderful humanity to the film more than a few times just as he did in the previous 2 films. Then Joseph Gordon Levitt, another Nolan favorite and regular, shows up as a street cop named John Blake. Levitt is once again extremely well above average and holds some surprises of his own.At 2 hours and 45 minutes "The Dark Knight Rises" is filmmaking at its absolute finest and a model for summer films to try and live up to. The production designers have crafted a look that brings realism to a comic book feature, and the entire art Department completely out did themselves. Director of photography Wally Pfister collaborates for the 7th time with Nolan, and his expert use of bringing the lighting, the framing, and the choice of the visual look to this film is astounding. It looks like San Diego's Comic-Con was raided by costume designer Lindy Hemming, and Hans Zimmer's score really captures the dark feel of the feature, but still find a sense of enlightened resurrection. One of the film's best assets however is how extremely careful and precisely edited the film has been put together. Lee Smith has been cutting films in Hollywood for about 25 years now, but has never utilized his talent more brilliantly or meticulously then he has here. "The Dark Knight Rises" impresses without trying, and brings morality to almost every frame without ever standing on a soapbox. This is not just a summer movie; this is a surefire Oscar contender that will demand respect and notice from the Academy. "The Dark Knight Rises" is the crowning achievement to not only the films of Batman, but could easily be considered one of the best superhero films of all time.
평점: 10	리뷰: I can finally say my day has come. No longer do I have to sift through supposed story leaks and speculate what could happen in Christopher Nolan's last chapter in his Batman trilogy. Dallas press has now seen "The Dark Knight Rises." Everybody wants to know if the wait was worth it. I'm happy to say I walked away pleased with the outcome. As much as I would love to put a synopsis for the movie here, I don't want to spoil one single little plot point or moment of your personal experience viewing it. I'll say this much and leave well enough alone. Batman battles Bane and it's awesome! Catwoman is involved as well. That's all the details you're getting from me. Christopher Nolan, Jonathan Nolan, and David S. Goyer penned an emotional and complex final act. Just to give comic book geeks a little extra hint at what to expect, imagine the Batman story arcs "Knightfall," "No Man's Land," and a slight sprinkle of "Gates of Gotham" all mashed together. Things get a little sluggish about 30 minutes in when the story is being developed, but I can't complain. At least the writers care about a story. One thing I can say about "The Dark Knight Rises" is it's an emotional journey. I found myself excited and anxious at parts. Other scenes left me with a feeling of sorrow. It's also an emotionally confusing film. Things I thought I wouldn't be alright with going into the theater I ended up feeling good about walking out. The first appearance of Batman in the film is one of those scenes where you can barely contain yourself. You want to jump out of your seat yelling and clapping your hands. I was in a press screening and there were a few people clapping when he makes his grand entrance. Tom Hardy's portrayal of Bane is spot on and frightening. He's not just a crazed psychopath, but one with a mission and purpose. He's Batman's strongest adversary when it comes to strength. Bane's not all brawn and no brains, either. It takes an intelligent mind to pull off the things he does. One thing I want to make perfectly clear is he's in a completely different class than the Joker. There's really no comparison between the two. Anne Hathaway does a great job with the character of Catwoman and Selina Kyle. She can turn the charm off and on like a faucet. One moment she's an innocent bystander and the next she transforms herself into a skilled and arrogant jewel thief. The rest of the cast delivers in their individual parts. Gary Oldman returns as Commissioner Gordon and pours his heart and soul into the character the way he always has. Joseph Gordon Levitt is perfect as officer John Blake, who believes in Batman and stands behind Gordon in his call to keep the streets of Gotham clean. "The Dark Knight Rises" is the movie Batman enthusiasts are hoping for going into it. There's no possible way that any fan of the Caped Crusader will walk out of the theater without a smile on their face. A few cameo appearances by characters also add more fun to the movie. It serves as an excellent bookend to Christopher Nolan's wildly popular trilogy.
평점: 9	리뷰: If there was anyone who could top 'The Dark Knight', it would have to be Christopher Nolan himself. It's no small feat even for the masterful director - not least for the fact that it would have been difficult to construct a villain as perfect as the late Heath Ledger's Joker – but fans who ever doubted if Nolan would be able to pull it off can now rest easy. Not only is the answer to that question an affirmative yes, Nolan closes quite possibly the very best comic-book adaptation ever with a heart-stopping bang, once and for all putting his stamp on the Batman legend with a viscerally thrilling and emotionally gripping conclusion. Familiarity with the Gotham universe and the Bruce Wayne/ Batman character that Nolan had built over the course of 'Batman Begins' and 'The Dark Knight' is a must if one were to truly appreciate and admire the subtleties, nuances and brilliance of this trilogy capper. Opening eight years after Batman disappeared into the shadows carrying the burden of District Attorney Harvey Dent's murder, Nolan and his co- screenwriter Johnathan Nolan paint a Gotham still living a lie. While Dent's legacy has assisted the city to lock up its criminals without trial, the seeds of criminalism are evident- after all, Gotham has once again been divided by class, with the wealthy controlling the institutions of power and the poor forced to grovel in the sewers. Those who recall 'Batman Begins' will certainly draw the parallels with Gotham before Batman's appearance, the very societal malaise perfect fodder for Ra's al Ghul and his League of Shadows' plan of destruction then.Of course, the similarities are no coincidence- Batman's adversary here is the vicious mercenary Bane (Tom Hardy), who was a student of the League of Shadows before he was ex-communicated from the organisation for being even too extremist for them. Sure, Bane may not be as familiar a villain within the Batman universe as the Joker, but a sensationally exhilarating mid-air hijack sequence will soon demonstrate that Bane isn't kidding when he proclaims himself as 'Gotham's reckoning'. Not only an intellectual equal to Batman, Bane is also physically superior, especially given Bruce's poor state of health following his self-imposed seclusion in the eight years that have followed. Bane's strategy of upending the class inequality will intrigue and delight the more cerebral viewers, while his physicality will excite the adrenaline-driven (and predominantly male) viewer looking for some good- old mano-a-mano action goodness. Herein lies the genius of Nolan's films- built as they may be for blockbuster spectacle, they have always had an intellectual slant. The realities of our capitalist societies have been distilled and crystallised into that of Gotham, and the triggers of class warfare laid bare for our reflection. Even as it feels expansive in scope, Nolan never loses sight of his titular character. This is by far his most intimate take on Bruce Wayne/ Batman, returning full circle to examine Wayne's motivations for adopting the alter-ego in the first place as well as his inner demons. In particular, Nolan reinforces the relationship between Batman and his two guardians- the loyal Wayne family butler Alfred Pennyworth (Michael Caine) and the equally loyal Wayne Enterprises employee Lucius Fox (Morgan Freeman). Besides casting light on Wayne's troubled soul, Nolan also delves once again into the core of the Batman legend. He established Batman as a symbol of hope and justice before, and here he powerfully reaffirms that notion of the caped crusader as a beacon of promise and perseverance amidst a fallen world. 'The Batman can be anyone', says Bruce Wayne in the movie- and Nolan leaves that statement ringing in your mind with a franchise feeder of an ending and a nifty twist to one of the key new characters he adds. Whether returning or new characters, all but Anne Hathaway have worked with Nolan previously, and every one of these fine actors are in top form here. Hathaway's zestful performance brings some welcome levity into the otherwise grim and brooding proceedings, and Levitt perfectly embodies the balance of optimism and pragmatism of his character. As Bane, Tom Hardy is unfortunately saddled with the bane (pun intended) of following in the shoes of Heath Ledger- and though he never manages to make his character quite as iconic, he is nevertheless a fearsome and formidable physical presence on screen. Veteran actors Gary Oldman (as Commissioner Gordon), Freeman and Caine are excellent as always, but it is Bale who carries the show with a thoroughly committed, haunting and hypnotic portrayal of Bruce Wayne. Mesmerising too is Nolan's handling of the action scenes in the movie, most of which are filmed with IMAX cameras and look absolutely stunning in the format. From the opening skyjacking to blowing up a football field in the middle of a packed stadium to a daring mid-day raid on the Stock Exchange, Nolan spares nothing in ensuring that the action is consistently riveting. It is also never less than realistic, a quality that Nolan has managed to sustain through every one of his Batman films. And together with his regular d.p. Wally Pfister, Nolan creates a scarily authentic portrait of urban warfare complete with the collapse of physical and social structures. Indeed, as one looks back at Nolan's trilogy, one can only marvel at how he has managed to make the Batman universe so relevant and prescient to our real world. Unlike the Marvel movies which has kept the comic book universe intact while injecting real-world elements, Nolan has so beautifully integrated the twin universes together, sacrificing neither the legend from the books nor the realities of today's society. 'The Dark Knight Rises' is an epic conclusion all right, packed with action, emotion, depth and symbolism, and a must-see simply because it is one of the very best films of the year.
평점: 9	리뷰: Batman Begins was a milestone in its own right. The Dark Knight was one of the best experiences ever created in the history of cinema. It had everything: from superb acting and script to phenomenal direction and special effects. To be the first and only superhero movie to actually identify with an audience was truly a remarkable achievement. Not only did it bring alive the fantasy of comic books, but it engaged viewers in such a way that we were compelled to be immersed in the fantasy world as if it were reality. It managed to grasp the idea of childish comic books so well, but yet also evolved it into a mature movie. In order for the latest instalment, The Dark Knight Rises (TDKR), to be on par with the original Dark Knight (TDK), it would have required a miracle. The trailers from months ago always managed to put a chill down my spine, but I always questioned whether it could reach the same level of greatness as TDK did. I immensely enjoyed TDKR. I won't make much comparison with TDK yet, but I will say this. One of the most fascinating elements of TDK was to actually end the movie in "darkness." Batman sacrificed his reputation and fell into darkness, taking the hit for all of Harvey Dent's misconduct in order to protect Gotham City. This ending was essentially what emphasised the very fine line between good and evil, and how, in some circumstances, it is simply not distinguishable. TDKR had a very good opportunity to expand on this idea. The extent to which it did so ultimately determined its success of failure. I think it did a pretty good job.The acting was superb yet again. Christian Bale is the finest Batman to date, not to mention the numerous other well known actors who each carried their own respectively. The special effects are beyond magical. The script is solid. TDKR proved to be a very entertaining experience.All of the Batman titles have been extraordinary, TDKR no doubt. Nevertheless, my personal preference is the original Batman Begins. The story-arc of Batman, good and evil, and morality is much more in depth. TDK would be second on my list merely because the Joker was my favourite villain. Even though TDKR comes third, it is, like I have said, a great addition to the rest of the Batman movies. It needs to be viewed.
평점: 10	리뷰: This is a rollicking good action flick. Its production value is sky high. The acting and cast is fantastic. But, The Dark Knight it ain't. The ante just kept growing in TDK, like Matthew Reilly's Ice Station. Ledgers Joker is mind blowing. Whereas Hardy's Bane is nasty, but that's it. I honestly feel it didn't have the same focus on character as either if the first two films. And in my opinion, Nolan drowned us in these wonderful developing characters in BB and TDK, but only presented thumbnails in the final installment. With the singular exception of GLJ. Leavitt-Jones was the only actor given a rounded enjoyable arc. I'm still giving this film 9/10 as it is sensational. It's epic and gratifying. The opening scene will have you thinking 'Bond could learn from this'. But it's not the masterwork TDK was. IMHO.
평점: 7	리뷰: i don't understand the rivalry going on about the movies of DC and marvel characters.I thought Nolan's batman(refer to his trilogy)was far higher than any comic book rivalry. i still believe TDK is the greatest Hollywood movie i have ever seen and i think, so do many of u out there.Whether TDKR actually "rises" above TDK is not worth pondering upon.TDK was a great movie, all others seem inferior to it. i know that TDKR will be a epic movie regardless of its predecessor.Nolan's brilliance lies in his ability to to make a movie of the perfect blend of mainstream and art-house cinema. he puts these two magical combinations in a blender and churns out a brilliant creation of art and the result is huge,powerful and endearing.Nolan's batman captures Bruce and his alter ego in its truest essence.batman as a superhero always stood apart from other comic book heroes and always will.he is a grounded character facing the dark, grim and gritty reality of a city that just happens to be named Gotham. it could be any city in our world. Bruce as a personality is something powerful and extraordinary . a man who as a child faced severe trauma and in the end came out of it like true hero. the true essence of a hero lies in that ability to just rise up from deepest depths of hell itself.Nolan has captured every bit of that darkness in the world of batman comics and yet in every movie of his,there is that surging tide of hope,resilience,heroism and sheer human spirit and emotion propelled by extraordinary music from Hans Zimmer.whats this bit about movie being too long?even TDK was more than 2 1/2 hours long.a movie of such intensity never lets u take a look at the time. no other recent movie has so much anticipation riding on it. i don't care how TDKR turns out to be, Nolan's batman is the greatest thing that has happened in Batman's universe since it's creation itself.i thank Chris Nolan forgiving flesh and blood and so much more to this true hero and making each and every one of us to aspire to such higher levels of honor,integrity and sheer heroism....TO CHRIS NOLANTHE LORD OF FILM-MAKING ( stand.applause.)
평점: 9	리뷰: First, let me say I'm not the biggest fan of superhero movies. Yet I'll try to be as objective as possible so here it is: I saw THE DARK KNIGHT RISES yesterday in a class-A movie theater and I must say I wasn't blown away. The biggest strength of the movie is it's over-the-top budget. 165 minutes of roaring action and special effects that look indeed very slick and cool. There a plenty of scenes that will leave your jaw dropping (especially towards the end). The bad guy, a Darth Vader-like fellow named Bane, is one of the baddest I've seen in a while and Batman's supporting crew (Fox, Catwoman,...) is well cast (I never thought Anne Hathaway could do this) and fills in the gaps between the action scenes just fine.The story is a very typical one - yet I didn't expect otherwise - and can hardly be called innovative; but that's not the goal of the film. Dialogues are standard, sentiment often a bit to obvious, and characters backgrounds not always believable. Christian Bale acts well, as do the others, but they definitely not had to force themselves to Academy Award-like performances.The stumbling block for me is the lack of depth in the movie. Somehow It seems I've seen every second of this movie already a zillion times, and it's all quite predictable and dull at times. Again, I'm not a fan of superhero movies, and I know this movie is extremely anticipated to be the box office hit of the year. I've seen loads of action movies throughout the years though and this one won't stick very long with me.So fans of Batman, Christopher Nolan, superheroes, video-game like special effects and Morgan Freeman in a spencer - will not be disappointed - thanks to the great production value - but in my opinion there are much better films out there that deserve the hype THE DARK KNIGHT RISES gets.
평점: 10	리뷰: If nothing else, director Christopher Nolan sure knows how to close out a three-film series. And, while not having the stellar acting performances he coaxed out of Heath Ledger and Aaron Eckhart in "The Dark Knight," his final installment of the Bat-Man retooling is much bigger, bolder and comes in a close runner-up behind the franchise's great second offering.Plus, unlike that movie, there is even a bit of humor, provided mostly by Anne Hathaway (as Selina Kyle/Catwoman) and Michael Caine (manservant Alfred Pennyworth), although the latter does have some heart-tugging moments, as well.Despite a few chuckles, don't expect "Animal House," however. "The Dark Knight Rises" is also chock full of terror, dread, death, chills, spills, thrills and almost non-stop action; and Bane, (Tom Hardy, "Tinker, Tailor, Soldier, Spy.," "Warrior") despite being completely unintelligible at times, is an effective and menacing villain.Clocking in a just under two hours, 45 minutes, it barely seem to last 90, and by the movie's conclusion, Nolan has already whetted our collective appetites for a fourth go-round (even though he denies he want to direct such an effort). We'll see ...The plot has Bruce Wayne (and his alter ego) keeping a hermitage in stately Wayne manor eight years after the death of Harvey Dent/Two-Face (Eckhart).After taking the blame for his death, Bat-Man has hung up his crusading cape and has seen crime almost obliterated in Gothem City under the "Dent Act." Yet all is not so peaceful, as the arrival of the "cat" burglar heralds an even more malevolent character, Bane, an escaped maniacal Slavic prisoner with a facial device that make him sound even more diabolical than he is (think of a helmet-less Darth Vader).With an army of madmen and escaped cons, plus the innate ability to pound Bat-Man in a pulp, he soon takes over the city.With the aid of a hidden nuclear bomb made out of a cold fusion reactor, he holds the population hostage while the Caped Crusader languishes in a hole in the ground prison that seems Russian in origin (although we are never told).Meanwhile, more treachery from Catwoman has led Bruce's Wayne's identity to be stolen and all of his assets taken, leaving the Wayne Foundation a shambles and resulting in the return of former friend and colleague Lucius Fox (Morgan Freeman, "Invictus").The inclusion of Hathaway, Joseph Gordon-Levitt ("50/50") as John Blake, and Oscar winner Marion Cotillard ("La vie en Rose"), as well as Gary Oldman's usual stellar work, plus a few cameo surprises from earlier movies, amazing action sequences, mind-boggling special effects and stunning plot twists, "The Dark Knight Rises" closes out its third episode as enjoyable as any three-movie effort since "The Lord of the Rings" trilogy, and perhaps even better.A certain Academy Award nomination for Best Picture is surely in store for this film while fans will be more than satisfied at the denouement, but more than likely will still clamor for more.
평점: 10	리뷰: Chris Nolan's 'Dark Knight Rises' takes the filmic mythology of Batman that only the best conic books dared dream.  While 'Begins' chronicled Bruce Wayne's renunciation of a normal life in place of legend, proceeding to meet an adversary who had never had a normal life in 'The Dark Knight', Bane is the full circle opposite of that which Batman was never fully able to do - immerse himself in a new guise, mask himself completely and risk lives upholding an archaic and deranged sense of just society.  Bane had a contrasting life to Wayne's and so becomes a despotic monster in a way perhaps Wayne pretended. Where Batman used smoke and mirrors and rejected Neeson's Ghul's edict of necessary harm to criminality, Bane just does it, takes lives, blows up a football field, isolates Gotham to make it his own vigilante dictatorship.  Enter Catwoman, the epitome of smart petty crime, who Batman must work with to return from punishing defeat by Bane to combat his raging tyranny.  Just as the Joker could be taken as a symbol of America's ruthless economic face and Harvey Dent America's inability to cope with losing face, so Bane is the vengeful, despotic monster America has been in parts of the world and one day could wholly become.  Batman is America's brave heart, Catwoman its smarts and sass that it must embrace to knife out potential lapse in true morality.  Performances here are exquisite. Tom Hardy is at once grand scale circus strongman Bully and Mussolini-esque born leader, playing far beyond his years as the Goliathic Bane. Anne Hathaway possesses a guile and wit to give the world the first complete Catwoman, while Christian Bale perhaps gives the performance of his career.  Chris Nolan delivers Batman's finest hour, topping even Inception's set pieces as he steers a realistic sci-fi fantasy that Kubrick would be proud of - whose influence is as pervasive here as Mann's in 'The Dark Knight' or Ridley Scott's in 'Begins'  Some twists - one fan sating cameo - and you have a copper bottomed critical and commercial masterpiece.   Go see it!!!
평점: 10	리뷰: Only Christopher Nolan, maybe alongside with the uniqueness of James Cameron and Peter Jackson's "LOTR" .. was able to push his own limits to deliver a better film every time .. I mean ..Batman Begins was a staggering reboot for the Batman Franchise.. The Dark Knight was simply a masterpiece ..in between there was Inception.. an incredible cinematic vision.. ! But this , The Dark Knight Rises.. is ABSOLUTE GENIUS ! Easily a once in a lifetime experience if u watch that in IMAX I mean ,people.. a 2:45 minutes movie that would keep you glued to your seat the entire time without a moment of boredom ..the entire time blown away..the entire time thinking what's gonna happen next..and hits the climax with a genius ending .. i don't know ,but ..this one has Oscars written all over it..and Nolan deserves it after such an incredible effort on his timeless trilogy and a movie that will be remembered for decades to come ! Performances..Tom Hardy,awesome job " but still ,Joker is untouchable"..Chris Bale, amazing.. Anne Hathaway , definitely a highlight in this movie..OMG! Visuals.. i can't even start! Editing.. genius ! Score.. Heart pounding with every frame,gripping ! Directing.. mind blowing ! You expected to be blown away by this movie ? well .. i'm sure you will be , and beyond ! Best movie of the year ,hands down..and maybe for years to come ! There could easily be a fourth and a fifth installment..but who knows ,uptil now this trilogy is by far absolute perfection among all movie genres,if i may say ! Bravo Nolan and chapeau,for you are such an artist to look up to. And as for Batman.. well .. you'll always be my favorite superhero. Cheers everyone .
평점: 9	리뷰: Will this add to TDK's legend? Sure, TDK was good but grew to be THE most overrated film of any genre because of the Ledger and Nolan fanboy InterLove. Now, TDKR delivers one of the most unmemorable and downright disappointing sequels ever put to film. Yes, it ranks right down there with Crystal Skull in terms of huge and head scratching let downs.TDK was fine entertainment that may have gotten over-inflated and over-praised with the passage of time. Don't get me started about Batman Begins. The fact is that TDKR is another Batman Begins without the intrigue. Frankly, that makes Nolan's Batman trilogy a dull sandwich when you think about it. TDK is the meat and the first and now especially the third films are nothing but gummy Wonder Bread equivalents. I can't believe how shallow TDKR turned out despite them trying to jam everything in to the film. Unlike TDK, word of mouth will hurt TDKR because this mangled and often dumb film is a mess. A genuinely un-fun mess at that.I know certain Nolan fanboys everywhere are circling the wagons to praise this movie but that in and of itself proves what I'm saying. Fanboys wanted to like it and apparently will look past all of its flaws. Everyone else is saying it's written like a shallow popcorn flick but with dull action sequences. There really is nothing special on display here and it's so much LESS than the second effort. How can a film follow something somewhat good with something this bad? It's not just the high expectations. It really is a bad film all on its own.Yet, thanks to good trailers and a general fondness for TDK, this thing will take in big money early but leave a majority of the audience disappointed to say the least. If the viewer has at least half a brain, it's guaranteed that the actual movie is going to lead to general disappointment especially if you're not already a fan.Overcrowded and cheesy fluff usually fizzles at the box office but TDKR is bulletproof at this point. The real judge of this movie will be general reaction and most are going to correctly label it a disappointment of epic proportions.
평점: 10	리뷰: The Dark Knight set the bar high and beyond reach for any and all superhero films that were to follow in it's grand and intricately indulgent wake, including it's follow up, The Dark Knight Rises. I'm very happy, then, that The Dark Knight Rises measures up to the standard that The Dark Knight set.From the opening sequence you get the sense that Christopher Nolan understands the epic proportions he must strive to achieve in order to top off what is surely a spectacle of an ending to a fine trilogy.The action is so intense and regular that the nearly 3 hour long running time breezes by effortlessly. But the action isn't the only highlight in the film, not to say it isn't spectacular, but the performances of Tom Hardy, and surprisingly Anne Hathaway add much weight and vibrant energy to the film.Christian Bale is more Bruce Wayne than Batman in this movie and I found that refreshing. We see him at his weakest, his most vulnerable, and that makes you root for him much more. There is one key scene involving Bruce "Rising" , that's all I'll say, and the crowd I saw it with were cheering and yelling for him. Priceless scene.Even though the The Dark Knight Rises is epic on the action scale, I felt it wasn't as Dark or complex as The Dark Knight, which is my only gripe. I was expecting a more mentally taxing film, but that could be a positive considering Batman is an action hero.There are a few nice surprises and twists that are sure to excite many fans as well.I give it a 9/10. I would of given it a 10 if the ending hadn't left me wanting more.The Dark Knight Rises is a must see.
평점: 9	리뷰: Is it bright where you are / Have the people changed / Does it make you happy you're so strange / And in your darkest hour, / I hold secret's flame / You can watch the world devoured in its pain So go the lyrics to Smashing Pumpkins' The End is the Beginning Is the End, from 1997's Batman and Robin. It seems at least a little ironic that a song from the worst Batman film ever made seems to sum up the plot of what is possibly the best Batman film ever made. Christopher Nolan, his brother Jonathan, wife and producer Emma Thomas, co-plotter David S Goyer and their whole production posse seem to have had a Sisyphean task thrust upon them in topping 2008's The Dark Knight, widely hailed as the best comic book-based film ever made and having bragging rights as the only Batman film that won an Academy Award in an acting category. Laconically put, they have. They have made a Batman film better than The Dark Knight. Nolan has said that he and his brother were inspired by Dickens' classic story A Tale of Two Cities, and that it just so happened that the recession and the "Occupy Wall Street" movement occurred, so if he is to be believed, it is partial coincidence that this is a very, very timely story. Bane's role in the story is that of zealous liberator who sees himself as a saviour who "frees" Gotham from the clutches of the 1% by ambushing the stock exchange, isolating Gotham City from the country at large and seizing control through intimidation and bravado. There are many parallels to be drawn to such events as the Hurricane Katrina aftermath, the 9/11 attacks and the Oklahoma City bombing. This is also echoed by the characterisation of Catwoman, who steals from the rich not to give to the poor, but rather to spite the rich. Bane launches an attack on a sports stadium right after "The Star-Spangled Banner" is sung, and there is a shot of a tattered American flag. A city's resolve broken, with Batman and his allies stepping in to patch it up in the face of insurmountable odds. While no one actor in the film matches the tour de force of the late Heath Ledger's turn as the Joker in the previous installment, the overall effect of this film certainly carries more impact. For one, it follows a solid plot line and doesn't lapse into false endings the way The Dark Knight sometimes did. Some felt that Nolan might fall into the trap of a tangled web of subplots and extraneous villains along the lines of Spider-Man 3, but it is safe to say he didn't. The big thing this one does that Part 2 didn't was it ties back to the previous instalments, making character arcs come full circle in a deeply satisfying manner. Also, it is more faithful to the source material than one might think; this isn't merely a war movie with Batman characters tacked onto it. There are some explosive plot twists and revelations – comic book devotees may see these coming a mile away, but Nolan plays a game of "maybe I will, maybe I won't", so that when such turning points occur they are truly sensational. Compared to other villains who have appeared in Batman films, Bane is a relatively recent introduction in the comics, having made his debut in 1993. Tom Hardy does quite the job of making Bane more than Batman's mental and physical match. Even withhHalf his face obscured by a mask that is a cross between an attack dog's muzzle and venomous spider, the actor still manages to be charismatic and larger-than-life while displaying commendable restraint.Despite being widely lauded for his strengths as a writer-director, Christopher Nolan's Achilles heel is widely regarded to be writing women. He breaks that spell with Catwoman, her characterisation damn near perfect and portrayed with very surprising skill by Anne Hathaway who transforms from kooky sweetheart to confident, self-assured, oh-so-seductive and quick with a scathing remark. Marion Cotillard fulfils the more traditional damsel-in-a-degree-of-distress role, her Miranda Tate kind and disarming, and it is easy to see why Bruce Wayne would fall headlong for her.Beyond the story and performances, The Dark Knight Rises looks, sounds and feels like the event it is touted to be. Cinematographer Wally Pfister throws in some very inventive shots, including a brief moment where a charging Batman is lit by muzzle flashes, and delivers dizzyingly gorgeous panoramas as well. Chris Corbould and his practical effects crew help stage several awe-inspiring action set-pieces, and the tone is set well with an opening scene involving a staged plane crash orchestrated by Bane. There is a level of admiration to be had when a film fits a massive brawl shot on Wall Street, the Mehrangarh Fort in Jodhpur, India and a terrorist attack on a football stadium (Pittsburgh's Heinz Field) into one movie. Christopher Nolan and co. have brought the curtain down on their trilogy in truly bittersweet fashion. These three films were emblematic of The Dark Knight rising, rising from an outrageously campy, seemingly franchise-killing film. This is the final cape flourish, the big send-off, the tearful goodbye. As Dickens wrote in the book that partially inspired this movie, "it was the best of times, it was the worst of times" – this is the Caped Crusader's finest hour, and seeing this incarnation hang up the cape and cowl is quite saddening indeed.
평점: 6	리뷰: Christopher Nolan is the greatest film maker of all time. Big statement, I know. But let's think about that statement for a second... he has not made a bad film (Memento, Insomnia, Batman Begins, The Prestige, The Dark Knight, Inception and his earlier work Following) So how does such a brilliant film maker finish off a trilogy that changed super hero movies forever, which included one of the greatest films (in any genre - The Dark Knight) of all time? The Dark Knight Rises is the conclusion the trilogy deserves. Is it better than The Dark Knight? That's debatable. It's a very different type of movie. But it is the movie that was needed to end this trilogy, it's the movie that Batman fans will appreciate and love for years and years to come.Christopher Nolan has just possibly made the greatest movie trilogy of all time.
평점: 10	리뷰: How I would grade this movie... Character's A, Plot B, overall C.I really felt the movie was drawn out far too long. The budget was obviously very good. That being said, I wish they would have spent just a little more and hired someone who knew a little about physics. Mainly with the design of Batman's vehicles, that guy should have been fired! Ridiculous to say the least! I was face palming through the movie on this. Speeding up fight scenes is something I would expect from the 99 cent bin at walmart not a blockbuster movie. Though no one stood up to Heath Ledger's role in the last film, the character in this one were great! All in all, I wish I would have waited to see this at home. I will say that the movie ended well.
평점: 7	리뷰: Christopher Nolan has outdone himself with this one. At 3.30 in the morning, I was tired. Just getting out of it, I've never been so awake. Perhaps what set this film apart from his other films was that it had a genuine emotional heartbeat. I felt that this was a flaw of Nolan's other films - the vision of emotion was there, but it was hollow. In this I bought it. I felt it, hero and villain alike.Christian Bale was typically brilliant as Batman, and I felt that Bruce Wayne was more heavily embraced in this final installment. Bale added emotional depth to the character - a plot point that I think went astray in The Dark Knight - picking up from the development made in Batman Begins.Tom Hardy as Bane was quite simply, terrifying. No longer a dunderhead "enforcer", but one of the criminal masterminds behind "Gotham's Reckoning", coupled with a physical dominance strong enough to send shivers down your spine.Anne Hathaway as Selina Kyle defied my expectations. Hands up who was not entirely convinced that that girl from the Princess Diaries could handle an intensely physical role like Catwoman. But here I am, hugely impressed. She added immeasurably to the value of the film.Marion Cotillard fulfilled the role of Miranda Tate admirably, though I suspect this was the most underdeveloped character of the film - though after watching, I can see why.The unsung hero of The Dark Knight Rises is Michael Caine as Alfred. A heartfelt performance that helps drive the emotional content of the film, helping Nolan sell his most well-rounded film to date. Caine's performance in both presence and absence.Special mention goes to Joseph Gordon Levitt, who is consistently proving himself to be a big player in the Hollywood game. His role as officer Blake felt like there could've been more, but it may just have come all a bit much. It was a great performance, and Levitt sunk his teeth into role. If you can, go see this in IMAX. If any film was to sell the format to skeptics, The Dark Knight Rises would be IT. I'm happy Nolan stuck to his guns and shot in 2D. 3D would have been unnecessary. I suppose at this point, I have to turn my focus on Nolan. If he ever reads this... aspiring filmmaker to filmmaker, I've never been so envious, jealous in all my life. It's a film that leaves me floundering, wondering what I could possibly do to get anywhere near this ballpark. Well done. I think an Oscar Nomination is in order.From here, I'm not sure what to expect of the future. Does our imagination carry us forward, or do the studios? Time will tell.10/10
평점: 10	리뷰: As this movie was the most awaited movie of the decade, I obviously wanted to watch it as soon as possible. My friend won some contest online and so, I got to watch it a few days earlier FOR FREE.The movie is everything you want it to be. The story is very well told and there is enough of Nolan-kind twists. Tom Hardy has some powerful lines as Bane but the enhanced voice doesn't work at all. But, he still does his character justice and performs to his full potential. For the first time in the trilogy, Batman wasn't the strongest. This gave a chance to Christian Bale to show off his acting skills without the mask and he did a fine job. The veterans Gary Oldman, Morgan Freeman and Michael Caine went about their job as if it was just another day at the office. But, a major surprise was Joseph Gordon-Levitt who portrays an ordinary police officer and pulls of an unexpectedly awesome performance. The special effects, sound and action were out of the world. Nolan spent a lot of money and he made it visible in the movie. The movie connects all the dots from the previous movies and provides a fitting end to the saga. Although, personally I liked The Dark Knight better. But, TDKR certainly came very close it.Finally, I would like to thank Christopher Nolan for portraying Batman in a way no one ever thought was possible and for making one the best trilogy of all time.
평점: 6	리뷰: Let me just add, I did have the privilege of watching both Batman Begins and The Dark Knight right before the very first ever screening of The Dark Knight Rises last night and, sitting in front of seat kicking, punch-worthy youngsters didn't stop me from absorbing every last word of incredibly amazing dialog. For those who are expecting the film to end in a bang, it does - it literally does, but first you must endure through six hours of the previous two films no, masterpieces, to be fresh and up to date.The film was excellently written, better than any other film Nolan has done before. Tying up many loose ends, but that of the Joker, who now is long gone. It also tied in well with the action - one of the rare things that both action and writing can't pull off when they combine: intensity. The action wasn't hard to swallow like say, Transformers, and kept to the point of beating the baddies instead of showing off flexibility. The visual effects were stunning, an honest compliment to the well written screenplay, as well as the visuals of the architecture of many cities that created Gotham. Nolan again, does whatever he can possible, practically. Even if it means building the Bat-wing for real - which is just the coolest vehicle in all the land. An improvement and a homage to the long praised Batmobile - or more likely called, the 'tumbler'. But the 'CGI' is so convincing, you cannot even tell. Bane now has his own custom made tanks. And a few of them, too. Whilst the action and so forth has no trouble what so ever in keeping up with the story, there were a few surprises that call for the 'spoiler alert'...Don't worry, I won't say anything. The twist in personality traits were actually the knots tying up the first two films i.e, Ra's Al Ghul's "wife and child, who were, taken from me..." and, the occasional question that popped up.. 'Who really is the bad guy, here?' Hanz Zimmer typically returns to score the film - but my word, he brings a total new element to the DKR atmosphere. Chills will ensue when the music swoops, and the drums pound, almost as loud and as traumatizing as his score for 'Inception', which is now mediocre compared to his latest project. Hanz Zimmer fans will not be disappointed. The so called 'chant' we heard in the trailers does make its cameo, being the basis of nearly every musical tune. But not all, keep in mind. There are a few old tracks from TDK, but still none from Batman Begins... Nevertheless, you will forget completely about anything before this movie, that's just how fantastic it is.To compliment that amount of awe, Tom Hardy's Bane is - really a tour De force. His performance was definitely Oscar worthy, which plays as a real compliment to Heath Ledger's Joker. Every time he speaks... He has a terrifying mechanical aspect to his voice. Anne Hathaway was a major improvement from Halle Berry's Catwoman. Hathaway, instead of throwing smart quotes, and constantly being replaced by a CGI replica, did well in playing both torn between between her own complications and falling for the crippled Bruce Wayne. Batman is crippled along with him. Gordon Levvit is no slouch, either. For those who were wondering, the film's ending doesn't leave you hanging, unlike Nolan's previous work... Although concluding the trilogy, he does leave more for a sequel, but his response to this would probably be something like 'I prefer to leave it up to the imagination of the viewers...' So, okay, it is a bit of a cliff hanger. It was however well deserved, not straying to afar from the previous films, in terms of large-scale. The film's orgasm is probably the greatest of all film sagas
평점: 10	리뷰: I just saw a press screening of the Dark Knight Rises.a) Blood Rushing Action And Excitement? b) Absolute Perfection? c) Just another Summer Blockbuster Movie?That's what some of the reviews here on IMDb show as a summary.I'm sorry to tell you that it's not a) or b) but only c). It is just another summer Blockbuster which was way too expensive.A budget of USD 250.000.000 ? I wasn't impressed. Sure everything looked top notch and the effects or settings were visually done as good as it gets.But they left not one lasting impression with me. For this kind of money they really should have impressed the viewer.Where was the action? When action took place it wasn't very spectacular, breathtaking or at least even cool.It was OK but that's it.The soundtrack either didn't left a big impression with me.The main theme was the only part which sticked to my ears.Why did almost every sentence one of the major characters uttered had to sound deep, meaningful or even philosophical?Most of the time I felt sorry for the characters because none of them seemed to have lived a happy life.I've read comic books all my life and I admit that I'm not such a big Batman Fan.I liked the Neal Adams Batman and the Frank Miller Dark Knight and some smaller story arcs but can't remember much else.Still I think that the movie should have entertained me a lot more. The Dark Knight surely did so.Gladly the ending put a smile on my face when leaving the theater. But considering a running time of 160 min. that's not very much I was left with.To conclude it is not a bad movie but in my opinion it could have been much better.
평점: 7	리뷰: "The Dark Knight Rises" was the one movie that was a must-see on my list. After the crowd-pleasing and stunning "The Dark Knight" it seemed almost impossible for a sequel to top its predecessor. With a phenomenal performance by Heath Ledger as The Joker, and such a captivating story, it would be difficult to capitalize on that right? Director Christopher Nolan takes the audience on another journey and its one that will have audiences glued to there seat for nearly 3 hours. "Rises" does clock in at around 2 hours and 45 minutes to be exact, but it's worth every single minute.What I've always found fascinating about Nolan as a director is that all of his films have a common theme: redemption. "The Dark Knight" touched on that aspect of corruption and humanity taking a stand; even the nicest person can be corrupted with the right push, hence Harvey Dent. "Rises" tackles the issue of economic inequality, terrorism and destruction to speak. Bruce Wayne (Christian Bale) is a billionaire; he's not just wealthy, but very wealthy. His wealth gives him the opportunity to suit up as Batman and have incredible toys at his disposal.To read the rest of the review go to: http://www.canyon-news.com Be sure to like us on Facebook to get all the latest movie reviews at www.facebook.com/canyon.news.la OR Follow us on Twitter @cnewspaper
평점: 10	리뷰: The moment has come at last. The speculation and rumour is finally redundant. THE DARK KNIGHT RISES has arrived, and it is indeed the epic final act to Christopher Nolan's Batman saga that many were clamouring for. It's a titanic film, dwarfing even the sizable scope of the series' previous chapter THE DARK KNIGHT, and while it does come dangerously close to capsizing under the weight of its own ambition, Nolan manages to right the ship in the second half and deliver a moving, exciting, and satisfying conclusion to his story.It's a rare occurrence that a film is this anticipated and discussed, even months before its release. Rewind one year ago, to the time when the first details of THE DARK KNIGHT RISES began to emerge, through Nolan's carefully calculated drip-feed of information. After Bane (Tom Hardy) was announced as the film's villain, many familiar with the comic book origins of the character began to ask a key question about Nolan's plans for Bruce Wayne (Christian Bale). Would the filmmaker, blessed with complete creative control, physically break Batman, as happened in the "Knightfall" comic book arc where Bane was introduced? After seeing trailers with brief shots of Bruce Wayne walking with the assistance of a cane, the evidence seemed to mount.However, Nolan is a master of playing with audience expectations. Nobody seemed to consider that perhaps he would begin the film with Wayne already a broken man, both physically and spiritually. A near total recluse, crippled by his crime fighting days eight years earlier and emotionally eviscerated by the death of Rachel Dawes at the hands of the Joker. Wayne's life is fuelled by rage, yet the Gotham of THE DARK KNIGHT RISES is a relatively peaceful place, with no real need for a vigilante. It's smart storytelling, allowing Nolan to raise Wayne from his fall, a theme of the entire saga, but unfortunately, this is where the story takes a few mis-steps. The first half of THE DARK KNIGHT RISES under-utilises Wayne/Batman in favour of building the massive story and developing each supporting character and plot thread, understandable given the complexity of the narrative, but the closing chapter perhaps needed to be more Wayne's story. There's an overabundance of characters, and as good as Anne Hathaway and Joseph Gordon-Levitt are as Selina Kyle/Catwoman and John Blake, they do take valuable screen time away from Wayne, and his self-destructive determination is never quite established fully.Thankfully, the second half brings the goods in terms of epic scale and excitement. Once Bane's plan is fully in motion, the film becomes a tense and brutal thrill-ride which pays off on the majority of the first act's seemingly unconnected plot meandering. There are several moments which could have come across as cheesy and ham-fisted (and indeed, on repeat viewings will probably begin to grate before long), but the dark and serious tone of the film keeps some of the sillier beats in check. THE DARK KNIGHT RISES is definitely the most comic book-like of the trilogy, and as such some of Nolan's insistence on realism suffers. It's also not as consistent as the previous two films, particularly THE DARK KNIGHT, and is unlikely to have the same rewatchability factor. But, even if it is the weakest of Nolan's saga, it's still a cut above the vast majority of comic book films that Hollywood produces. Hollywood history is littered with disappointing conclusions to trilogies, yet THE DARK KNIGHT RISES breaks the mould by bringing intelligent blockbuster filmmaking (which is becoming a Nolan speciality), and an unflinching, if not especially unpredictable, final chapter in one of the better film series' ever created.tinribs27.wordpress.com
평점: 10	리뷰: Well last night I went to a screening of Batman Begins, The Dark Knight and finally The Dark Knight Rises! I have been a batman fan ever since 2007. My room is covered in Heath Ledgers signature pieces from The Dark Knight, I have over 10,000 comic books, all the movies from DC Comics up to date, my bed is covered in batman and I have statues, action figures and so on. The Dark Knight Rises was amazing, I laughed, I cried, my jaw dropped after seeing characters such as Holly Robinson appear (even though I knew that she would be in the movie) and at the had to contain myself other was I would of made a complete fool of myself for cheering. The Dark Knight Rises is the best! Now there are a lot of things I can spoil for you but I wont. First off though:BEFORE SEEING THE DARK KNIGHT RISES, DO SOME RESEARCH OF CHARACTERS SUCH AS A GUY NAMED ROLAND DAGGET, THE MARONIE CRIME FAMILY, HOLLIE ROBINSON, RAs AL GHUL AND THE LEAGUE OF SHADOWS OTHER WAS You'll BE LIKE EVERYBODY ELSE THERE THAT FOR THE FIRST HALF OF THE MOVIE ENDED UP TEXTING ON THEIR MOBILE, FALLING ASLEEP OR WALKING OUT FOR HALF OF IT! The movie is a cross between two famous stories from the DC Universe. These stores are named Batman Knightfall (the story of Bane) and Batman No Mans LandDo what I did and watch Batman Begins and The Dark Knight right before you see it because they all lead into one another. The movie though had me right off my seat from start to end and it was great! To be honest better than the Avengers. When you see the ending you'll probably be as shocked as I was and also CHRIS NOLAN LIED TO YOU ABOUT SOMETHING (wont tell you what it is). Im going to go see this movie again tomorrow and am so pumped!
평점: 10	리뷰: To start with just one word - Magnificent? Awesome? Epic? Flawless? Well in this case all of them! Nolan truly outdid himself this time, more than what he did with The Dark Knight in 2008.After being fortunate to attend a special premier screening before the rest of the world, for the entire duration of the movie I was just glued to my seat without giving a dam what was happening anywhere else. Right from the opening credits till the end, the movie was just mind blowing. They plot is simply awesome, one of the best stories ever told, and certainly for a comic book movie - a cool adaptation of the graphic novels of The Dark Knight Returns and No Man's Land and of course from the Knightfall story arc. Being a comic book fan I got blown away as the movie continued and each time the entire place went in an uproar. If you have read the comics one would love it even more, otherwise the plot is so well written with so much twists, humour at well unexpected places and great moments that anyone would be blown away. Action - now this is the other major part. As having more than an hour of IMAX shooting, the movie truly lives up to its Action and War film genres. Despite sitting for ~3 hour it felt the movie got over very soon. Such is the intensity you can hope to be totally hooked into. Acting was a class apart. Tom Hardy's Bane was indeed terrifying living up to his reputation; Gary Oldman's Gordon, Joseph Gordon-Levitt's Blake and Michael Cain's Alfred were very well made characters, emotional and core to the plot. Anne Hathaway made a really cool Catwoman, her screen time was full of awesome moments. And lets not forget the main Batman, Bale's BEST performance yet.Hans Zimmer also really outdid himself like Nolan in terms of the music score.So the conclusion is: 10/10The most common and sort of obvious debate will be The Dark Knight vs. The Dark Knight Rises. Well I'd say I love both the movies, but saying one "better" than the other is not exactly right, rather I would say The Dark Knight Rises is bigger and more grand. Hope that helps. One of the best movies in decades literally. MUST watch.
평점: 10	리뷰: Trilogies can be a dangerous area to play with, especially with a series that is already hailed for its direction. But Christopher Nolan enters this zone with "The Dark Knight Rises" after the phenomenal success of his previous adaptation of the Batman figure, "The Dark Knight". With such hype and public following backing up this production is it worth the risk? To jeopardize you're recognition for re-inventing the superhero movie just for a few extra dollars? A series that has pushed the limits of this universe to the brink? In this case of Nolan's direction with this film, the answer is yes and he does the impossible with ease.The events of this story take place 8 years after "The Dark Knight" where the mysterious, yet ruthless Bane enters Gotham City setting off a chain of events that forces Bruce Wayne to don the bat suit again and protect the city for the injustice that is being served. Along side this is an array of new characters that propel the plot while also creating an emotional resonance within. Joseph-Gordon Levitt plays the rookie, idealistic cop John Blake with such enthusiasm and depth that makes for an instantly relatable bond between the audience and the screen. Adding to the already stellar cast is two strong, independent female leads. Miranda Tate (Marion Cotillard), a recent addition to the Wayne Enterprise who creates a connection with Bruce Wayne, and the slick, yet sexy Selina Kyle (Anne Hathaway), a Robin Hood esque vigilante that lives away from the rich and luxurious world that most of our characters live amongst.Showing the way Selina Kyle lives opens up to some of the themes that are a large concept in this essentially extravagant, epic summer blockbuster. Class crisis plays a large part as the rich have become powerful and the poor are becoming desperate. It's a contrast to our economic climate making this film more relevant than it initially appears. Metaphorically showing how people stand up to oppression and create anarchy is achieved through visually stunning set pieces, intertwining ideas and action into a competent mix. These ideas are there if you're looking for some contextual backbone, but not necessary for you to fully dissect.By grounding the series to reality Nolan has essentially created art house films with his Batman realizations, mixing ideas with spectacle against a visually independent backdrop. The colour tones that filter the screen play against the mood of the characters and Wally Pfister's cinematography turns the epic scale all the way up to 11, while still making the low key and character filled scenes visually exciting. The direction is superb, managing to juggle the variety of characters on display giving them all the depth and development they all deserve. Managing to create this level of emotional engagement against a numerous amount of set pieces is a hard feat but the film is paced as the roller-coaster ride it is, taking the necessary twists and turns the plot decides to venture towards.The series has built up to this epic conclusion in a film that feels entirely relevant and a director's work, instead of a studios decision. The level of spectacle on display is phenomenal giving the modern day film going the price of his admission plus more. The film takes the best parts of the previous installments and throws them into a circumstance that makes the last Harry Potter film look like child's play. The places the film goes are so unexpected and breathtaking that it's hard not to be amazed and fall in love with superhero films all over again. "The Avengers" may have created a visually exciting and enjoyable romp of a film, but "The Dark Knight Rises" manages to take those positives and attach a real sense of weight and peril to the situation. Though the story is primarily Bruce Wayne's and how he must rise to protect everything he holds close, it's just as much as the city of Gotham's film. You feel the danger; you feel the stakes, which is something that we haven't felt within a film of this caliber for a long time. With Hanz Zimmer score adding to the levels the film is escalating towards branded together with a phenomenal sound design making sure you feel every explosion, punch and gunshot it's hard not to feel the inner child within yourself trying to break free.We've come along way over the last decade with superhero films. The idea of a comic book playing out as a motion picture has traveled so far and ventured to every corner of the spectrum that it's lacking the one thing that made them so special in the first place spectacle. We've been treated to awe of seeing our beloved characters jump to the big screen but how it all plays out rarely changes. Christopher Nolan is the game changer though, in his 164 minute epic "The Dark Knight Rises" we journey to those points and clichés we've grown up with merely to push past them, break them, entering a film that we are unlikely to see the likes of again or at least for a very long time. There may be the odd contrived moment but for a film on this scale they are easy to let go and are overshadowed. This is a dark; emotionally draining experience expertly crafted alongside beautifully staged action set pieces but it's a ride and it's certainly one that deserves to be taken.
평점: 6	리뷰: Christopher Nolan is a brilliant filmmaker to ever hit Hollywood, he has made a name for himself as a director . But when he announced that The Dark Knight Rises would be his final installment in this vision of Batman, who knew he save the best for last!Batman Begins was great, The Dark Knight was fantastic but this final chapter is packed with realistic but epic action sequences, a driven storyline that keeps you hooked, emotional moments and fantastic performances that should make TDKR Oscar worthy in 2013!PREMISE: Taking place 8 years after the events of Dark Knight, Bruce Wayne has escaped the life of protecting Gotham City as Batman and has since been lost in his own world. But as a new threat arrives in the form of Bane and his rising army threatening to destroy Gotham, Bruce has no choice but to rise up against this evil but complete the journey of being something more than a man.Everything that's in this movie is astounding and is quite achieved for the fans of the original comic series. Christain Bale was great as usual, but he has put in a lot of solid emotion and personality into both Wayne and Batman this time, this has to be his best performance in the trilogy. Tom Hardy as Bane was both chilling but truly amazing, but Nolan's vision of Bane was quite something I love most about this movie. He looked bad-ass, was dangerous and had some truly satisfying moments throughout, in fact he has to be one of the best villains ever seen on screen. Anne Hathaway as Selina Kyle/Catwoman was something I never thought I would never see, in other words she has nailed how her character is like form the comics. Caine, Freeman and Oldman were great as well and Levitt gives a strong performance as well as John Blake.Music, Special Effects, photography and it's dark atmosphere are all presented professionally and are all worth the effort that was put into it.OVERALL: The best of the trilogy and perhaps one of my TOP 5 MOVIES for 2012, TDKR is worth the ticket price and will definitely make it's mark in the Box-Office records alongside The Avengers. I'll watch it again
평점: 10	리뷰: Okay, some major spoilers later on, but I'll let you know beforehand.First: Saw it at an advance screening after watching Batman Begins and The Dark Knight back to back. The story of The Dark Knight Rises (TDKR) is okay (except for a couple of things), but overall, it's long and dull. Maybe it was because I'd just seen TDK, which is a textbook exercise in movie tension and atmosphere, but I found that TDKR was simply lacking.It lacked tension, menace, and atmosphere. The story itself is okay apart from a few things that don't really make much sense (it's based partly on the Batman comic story Knightfall). It connects back to Batman Begins with the League of Shadows, which was okay.The villain, Bane, somehow lacks menace. He's big and tough, and beats a few people up, but not in any way that shows just how bad he really is. Maybe it's because you never really see much of his face, hidden as it is behind a mask of sorts (which they apparently made in a filthy middle-eastern jail), but there's no real facial expressions going on. This means that he's always kind of blank, even when describing horrors. Heath Ledger's the Joker was built on facial expressions (among other things), but Bane is devoid of them.His voice is also, I found, difficult to understand at times. Whether that's due to the cinema speakers or not, it was a little frustrating.The plot is pretty slow (which isn't necessarily a bad thing), but it too lacks tension and emotion. The ingredients are all there, but it just doesn't work too well. I'm not sure that's the story's fault as much as the way it's told. Yes, things happen, but there doesn't appear to be much at stake overall. The movie lacks an emotional core.**Major spoilers ahead!** Okay, so Bane does a WWE move on Batman and almost cripples him. That's fine, and part of the Knightfall story. However, the problem is that it just doesn't feel important enough. By that I mean that Batman should have been broken spiritually _before_ this, making his physical breaking all the more damaging. It does go into it all, but it's not good enough. Batman enters the fight because he wants to, but his death-wish isn't pronounced enough. There's just something about it that didn't feel satisfying, but I'm not sure what.EDIT: My mistake. The whole point of trapping the people in Gotham is documented in the film, but that brings me to this point (and one of the film's greatest failures): We don't see the ordinary people of Gotham suffer. There's nothing of the impact of Bane's nefarious plans on them, and that's where the emotional heart of the movie is lost. It's all well and fine that Batman is going through some crisis, but he's always been about protecting the people, and without that as context, it's not as satisfying.The twist in the story is okay, if unexpected. It doesn't really add anything though.Overall, it's not as powerful as The Dark Knight, and lacks real tension. I don't think it will be anywhere near as successful as it's predecessor. That's a shame, because I think Christopher Nolan is one of the best directors around. He seems to have lacked the vibrancy here of his earlier work, though.6 out of 10.
평점: 7	리뷰: The best thing about this movie is how satisfying it is. It doesn't leave you frustrated or confused. You can't really complain that it didn't explore certain ideas or follow through. By deciding to have an official ending to this trilogy's story, the themes surrounding Batman are very fresh. We don't know where he'll end up. It's not the same old thing about whether he can continue to be Batman or not, which was already getting repetitive in Spider-man 2. The conclusions are not as important as the feelings they invoke as they come about. Nolan is especially good at capturing the complete tension of actually not knowing what will happen and deeply questioning what you *want* to happen and why.This movie is bigger than the previous two, far more ambitious. There are no obvious annoying weaknesses that usually come with films in general, especially blockbuster action movies. All of Nolan's movies have deep psychological themes and this takes those in another new direction. I thought Inception was hugely original and insightful about the way people think. That level of abstraction and depth is present in this film. Bane bursts into it, his reputation is quickly established. Nolan uses people's expectations and anticipation to the fullest. We are left to wonder about what has happened in the 8 years since the events of The Dark Knight. Why have the characters become the way they are now?In the latter half, it does seem like the movie is trying to pull off so many different plot points and connections, but they all work. The cast is very large and impressive. You don't see "good acting". You see fascinating characters. They're just playing their part in the grand story that's being crafted. There are many unfamiliar faces but they all have a strange, unique look to them. We often see a person's flaws and previous decisions coming back to haunt them. They find out the hard way what mistakes they have made. Where their limits are. Where they lose control.The score is almost tribal, very raw and energetic. You don't get much chance to pay attention to it but many parts of the movie are pounding with excitement. There are countless quotable lines and disturbing slices of dialogue. They cut deep. The Joker was a great character and this is a very different movie but the themes are just as dark, only perhaps indirectly. Underneath, it's very sinister. Writing and efficiency appear to be among Nolan's greatest strengths. The story has many layers that interweave and apparently they came in under budget.Perhaps the most important thing about Catwoman is that she's completely believable. When she beats up men, you don't roll your eyes. She's feminine and powerful in her own way. She fits into the world and we completely understand her motivations. She doesn't have a huge role but a very important one.I didn't find myself moved but maybe I'm too cynical. I was more affected psychologically. Curious about humanity and all the different sides of it you see in this movie. It goes to many extremes. I felt humbled by my complete lack of life experience. What do I know about anything? How could I possibly understand half of the characters? I haven't been through anything or achieved anything compared to most of them. Michael Caine gets a bigger role this time. He was always critical but this time he's very much the emotional core.I thought Christian Bale was overlooked in The Dark Knight especially. The movies hinge on him. Bruce Wayne's just a man but also incredibly inspirational. Bale's famous for completely committing to his roles and it pays off. Tom Hardy is impressive as Bane but I suppose that's no surprise. The rest of the leads are similarly awesome. There are many references to the earlier films. Very few questions are left unanswered. It's always nice when film-makers really think it through and make an actual decision and get all the details right.So anyway, I'll miss Batman (since the trilogy has ended) but couldn't have hoped for a better, more epic and sincere finale to his story.
평점: 10	리뷰: The Dark Knight Rises has an epic scale and grandeur unlike any other modern film and rivals the scope of such classic films as The Godfather, Gone with the Wind, and Lawrence of Arabia. What Christopher Nolan has done here is achieve a rare feat matched only by Peter Jackson, Sergio Leone, and Ingmar Bergman. He has crafted a near perfect film trilogy, where each film can stand on its own as well as against its counterparts, and the Nolan Batman trilogy is, beyond a doubt, the greatest comic book trilogy in film history.That being said, The Dark Knight Rises is not without flaws. The main issue lies within the first 30 minutes of the film, which jumps around quite a bit and reveals a couple of the logical fallacies that prevent the film from being Nolan's masterpiece, a title I would still give to Inception. These fallacies are small enough that they in no way inhibit the enjoyment of the picture (with one exception, which doesn't inhibit enjoyment so much as it puts into question a critical plot point of the film), and, due to the volume of fresh characters we are introduced to, a certain jumpiness is necessary in order to get the plot moving. However, there is a moment about an hour and a half into the film, that propels the film onto another level, where all previous issues are cast aside and you are swept up in the sheer scale of what is occurring on screen, and from this point on I have no hesitation in calling the final half of this film a masterwork.From top to bottom the cast of The Dark Knight Rises excels. Michael Caine in particular shines in just a few scenes, providing the emotional backbone needed for a film of this nature, and Christian Bale continues to be great in his underrated performance as Bruce Wayne. Joseph Gordon-Levitt also excels in a more reserved performance as Officer John Blake, and Anne Hathaway is better than anyone could have imagined as Selina Kyle. While Tom Hardy wasn't given much opportunity to flex his acting skills, his performance did provide the necessary physicality to buy Bane as a very potent opponent of Batman. Not Tom Hardy's fault, but I should note that Bane's voice may be difficult to discern initially, creating more confusion in the opening sequence than need be, but after a couple scenes his dialogue is much more easily discernible. If there is one complaint to have with the cast it's that Marion Cotillard, perhaps the greatest actress of her generation, is underused in her supporting role as Miranda Tate.I would like to make one note on the cinematography of the film. Christopher Nolan is perhaps second only to Martin Scorsese and Paul Thomas Anderson in his use of the camera as a storytelling tool, and this skill becomes clear during the spectacularly shot action sequences, almost all of which were shot on 70mm IMAX film. If you can see this film on an IMAX screen, and not an AMC IMAX screen but a real IMAX screen, this is the one film that positively begs to be viewed on a screen as large as possible.In the end, the sheer scale of The Dark Knight Rises blows away the logical fallacies that inevitably accompany a film of this nature. It takes the best elements of its predecessors, the epic scale of The Dark Knight combined with the psychology of Batman Begins (which must be viewed before watching TDKR), to craft one of the most satisfying third acts in motion picture history. If there is one last complement to be given to Christopher Nolan, it is that he has created the end all Batman trilogy. There will inevitably be more Batman films made in the future, but nothing will ever come close to what Nolan has accomplished with his three films. He revolutionized the industry, brought a sense of realism back to both Batman and the superhero genre as a whole, and forever raised the standard to which blockbuster films must be held.Grade: 8.5/10 (A-)
평점: 10	리뷰: The Dark Knight Rises is not only the greatest third entry into The Dark Knight trilogy but its the greatest third outing for any trilogy. The director went all out on this one and it payed off. The film introduces us to a 'rusty' Batman who goes into hiding but as the mysterious Catwoman and the terrifying Bane, so Batman must 'rise' up and protect Gotham City. The directing in this film is the 'best' i have seen ever. The writing is absolutely perfect, the story rounds out the trilogy like a masterpiece, the characters are so well written and invested into the story, they are played by some of the greatest actors of all time and they did an awesome job some of them need Oscar nods. The ending is so powerful and so emotional that i was bawling, this is a war film but at the very heart of the story is an emotional, powerful, action, drama film, which has been done to perfection. I saw this at the midnight release and it was worth it! Amazing in every aspect, the film does not feel like t goes for 2 45 minutes, it goes so fast but thats what a good movie should do and i am not just saying this because i am a 'batman' fan or a 'christopher Nolan' fan but seriously, everyone needs to see this. You will love it!! It was worth the wait and now Christopher Nolan is now one of my favorite writers and directors, the film deserves best picture!!! Loved every second of it!! 5/5
평점: 10	리뷰: Well, it's apparent that the full con job is on to save face by the fanboys and to save the box office by the studio. Those of us that actually have seen this film know the truth. It's a dull and diminished film not worthy of any real praise at all.So we have to ask, what the hell happened? Were we expecting too much? It's simply too cool and remote for its own good and it's dragged down by fractured development and a split focus. Add an over-satisfied and overlong delivery that can numb the viewer and TDKR is hardly the alleged masterpiece that all the fans have conned themselves in to believing that it is. This forgets the better quality of TDK and reverts back to below Batman Begins levels. Bale makes a slick Bruce Wayne but a stiff and unconvincing Batman yet again.I know the following statement of FACT will upset the many Nolanophiles that post here but TDKR is an average film at best. Anyone that says otherwise is just fooling themselves. They would rave about The Dark Knight Rises regardless of quality. To them, Nolan could have filmed Bale pooping in a pot for an hour and they would deem the footage to be Oscar level. Delusional fans aside, it's becoming quite clear that The Dark Knight Rises is getting some praise because people remember TDK fondly. As a result, all the hype and praise will lead to an incredible box office and curiosity factor. Since TDKR doesn't suck, (it's merely average) no one is going to speak out against it and the curiosity factor will garner it even more money and fake praise. The WB knows it has a can't miss on their hands regardless of the lack of quality.Sad to say, Dark Knight Rises falls flat. In summer that's been very good so far it was average to the point of tedium. The choppy action offers nothing we haven't seen before. Most of the time, the viewer is "treated" to a dark pondering film setting up a villain that can't come close to following Heath Ledger's Joker. It also sets up an alternate character in Catwoman that feels more tacked on then extra make-up at a brothel. It's a drawn out plot that this movie just didn't need. It certainly isn't as bad as the Batman & Robin days but it's also not half as good as other, more complete comic adaptations. Anyone saying otherwise is again flat out lying either to you or to themselves.I truly think that some die-hard fans are so fooled by there own limited views and the the fact that they NEED this to be good that they really think this thing is a great film. The sad thing is that they really believe that nonsense. More's the pity. Apparently, they'd rather lie to both you and to themselves.
평점: 10	리뷰: Trilogies that have a third film which *doesn't* suck? Hard to come by. But Christopher Nolan has done it. His Batman films have always been much more than mere comic book films. They've had more depth and meaning than most films of the genre could ever hope to have. He proved himself the director Batman needed with Batman Begins, than proved that not only can some sequels *not* stink, but some can even surpass the originals with The Dark Knight. Now he has shown that it is indeed possible to make an epic conclusion to a film series that doesn't ruin the memory of the prior films. Of course there'll be those unsatisfied with this film & its ending - those with impossible standards who've built the film up so much in their minds that no matter what, they would complain. For those with realistic expectations, however, this film should more than live up to what you'd hoped for.Christian Bale has been on a hell of a journey through three films with Bruce Wayne/Batman. While others may have been able to capture aspects of one character, no one was ever able to capture both sides until Bale. He ensured that Bruce was as important a character as Batman. He, like Batman himself, gave it everything he had. There was so much nuance to Bale's performance that you may not have even realised. His Bruce/Batman is indeed a legend. It was essential that this film focused the most on Bruce himself, and that it has. It's his journey's conclusion.Did nobody learn from Heath Ledger? All those people who badmouthed him when he was cast as The Joker, then had to eat their words once they saw his Oscar winning performance. We've now gone through it again with Anne Hathaway as jewel thief Selina Kyle/Catwoman. She proves herself, much like Ledger did, more than adequate for the role. Her Catwoman may not be as theatrical as Michelle Pfeiffer's, but she goes a long way to erasing the bad memory of Halle Berry's crap effort. Selina is a woman who knows what she wants and does whatever it takes to get it, but despite making some mistakes, she does have her own moral code just like Batman. She never veers too far from anti-hero into villain territory. Hathaway is completely believable, showing off a formidable and sultry side some people may not have thought her capable of. She completely owns this femme fatale role with her unique interpretation. The relationship she has with Bruce/Batman is perfect and her character adds a much-needed spice that was sadly lacking in Rachel Dawes. Bale and Hathaway play off each other really well, and Catwoman more than holds her own against and alongside Batman. Like all things in Nolan's Bat-verse, this Catwoman puts functionality above style, wearing night-vision goggles that serve as 'cat ears' when atop her head and boots with very effective spiked heels. Her costume is like a female version of Batman's, and its look appears to be a nod to the '60s Batman TV show Catwoman. Hathaway's Catwoman proves a much-needed ally for Batman, and Selina a much-needed part in Bruce's life. Tom Hardy's Bane, whose introduction was certainly extravagant, wasn't quite as memorable for me as Ledger's Joker was. He's certainly a credible threat to both Gotham and Batman. His mask is ferocious and there's a lot going on with him, but despite this, I wasn't fully engaged/invested in his character. Apart from requiring subtitles for much of his muffled dialogue, I thought the film kind of meandered with his character. He's all sorts of destructive and comes closer to ending Batman for good than anyone has before, but I just didn't find him as fulfilling as I'm sure others might have. Hardy's performance is very good, it's just the character I wasn't that into.Marion Cotillard, meanwhile, adds another layer to proceedings. As Miranda Tate for most of the film, she gives Bruce someone to connect with intimately. But things get really into gear near the end when her heritage is revealed. It makes for quite the twist (and even if you'd suspected who she'd turn out to be, it's still a satisfying reveal). I thought Marion was really good throughout the film, but in particular she sold the hell out of the moment she reveals her true colours. This film more than makes up for the lack of excellent/interesting female characters in the other two films. Completing the Inception reunion is Joseph Gordon-Levitt as John Blake, a cop who has a connection to Batman and ends up being very important. He gives the character a lot of depth and makes sure he leaves an impact. Previous key players such as Gary Oldman's Gordon, Morgan Freeman's Lucius Fox and Michael Caine's Alfred have not been forgotten. They have been so memorable and integral to the story that, despite perhaps not getting as much focus as they had previously, they ensure they're a constant presence whether they're on screen or not. Caine's Alfred especially shares some heart-wrenching moments with Bruce. These esteemed actors in these roles will surely never be topped.Nolan's Batman films have always been epic, but this one is particularly ambitious. The film's runtime might seem a bit daunting, but you'll be so immersed in the film that you won't even notice (unless you have a short attention span). There's mind-boggling action sequences, twists & turns, callbacks, surprising cameos, a true sense of terror throughout Gotham City...and yet there is also hope. I was happy with the film's ending. Naturally there'll be those who'd wished things had ended more grim/depressingly. There was never going to be an end to Nolan's Batman that pleased everybody, but this should come damn close. It's as close to perfect as one could hope for. Thankyou to Nolan and everyone involved in making this definitive epic trilogy that the character of Batman has long-deserved.
평점: 9	리뷰: Look, don't sit here reading this. Go out and watch it. Now. You won't be disappointed, I promise. As IMDb requires ten lines, I have to make an effort to at least recommend it. It's electrifying. Hardy and Hatheway are amazing. Everything leads up to this climatic ending which is stunning. Although not as amazing as The Dark Knight, this comes off feeling almost as strong because of its visually astonishing set pieces and deafening score by the dependable Hans Zimmer. The lack of CGI only adds to the believability. I'm excited to be growing up in a day and age where a movie about a costumed bat running around beating up bad guys can be considered as one of the most influential films of all time. And it is. It truly is. Look, you know you're going to see it. Leave Avengers lying in the dust with a mere 1 billion and lets see this movie make several billions. P.S Australia rules, we get it a day early :)
평점: 9	리뷰: Just woke up after midnight screening. Was blown away. Some people may think it's crazy to call this trilogy one of the best of all time. But as Nolan said, how many good third movies of a series are there out there? This film is just as good if not better than its predecessors.First off, the only reservation I had about "The Dark Knight" was that it wasn't as deep as "Batman Begins". Thanks to some excellent acting from the cast, "The Dark Knight Rises" manages to be deeper than "The Dark Knight" and rivals that of "Batman Begins". Nolan has often been criticised for his less emotional directing, but I think he is almost at his finest here. More care is taken to character development throughout.Of course, the action is absolutely awesome. Nolan ensures it is not too familiar or repetitive to us, staging cool, spectacular fight scenes/chases/heists. More is at stake in this film and thus the action scenes excite and thrill more than any action film I've seen in quite some time. The writing is of course brilliant, but occasionally sags into cheesy. There are some brilliant one-liners, essential to super-hero movies, and some quality plotting alongside it. Whenever Jonathan and Christopher Nolan team up for a screenplay, it really delivers.The brilliant thing about Nolan though, is he is one of the only film-makers that can make a super-hero film that ISN'T PREDICTABLE. Even after reading a few minor spoilers on the net, so many of the events in the film made me think "NO!". One really, really has to admire this, as predictability is what often makes super-hero movies crushing bores.All-in-all, the film is more than satisfying, bringing the trilogy to an excellent conclusion. Take a bow team.
평점: 8	리뷰: "Ladies and gentlemen, we have a contender" Those were my exact thoughts and tweet following the screening of Christopher Nolan's The Dark Knight Rises. A little over twelve hours have passed, allowing what was seen to officially settle in. The Dark Knight Rises, dare I say it, is better than it's predecessor. With all my qualms and things that I found wrong in The Dark Knight (2008), Nolan goes back, corrects, and elevates everything in the superhero genre, frame by frame. If there were ever doubts about Christopher Nolan and his ability as a filmmaker, he puts all things to rest and declares himself one of the most innovative and visionary directors working today. He analyzes and interprets Batman in a way, I've never known possible. Nolan wants to make more than a "Batman" film or just another "superhero" movie. He reinvented the genre and quite possibly creates the best superhero film of all-time.Cinematographer Wally Pfister, always impeccable and dynamic with his camera work, goes well beyond the call of duty. Showing a master class on cinematography every step of the way. Film Editor Lee Smith finally nails the art of pacing and makes this near three-hour venture smooth and attainable for a second watch. The sound team is in charge and back in the game again, making explosions and car chases blow out the eardrums of its audiences. Pure adrenaline pumps through your veins. Unless you've been living under a rock, you know the basic plot elements of the story. I've avoided spoilers throughout this process and I will offer the same luxury to any person reading this. I'll say this, Nolan's story structure, and where he takes Batman in this tale, is pretty extraordinary and absolutely natural. The script is not perfect and while there are some flaws like rushed character developments and unclear plot details, its splitting hairs. The film is still remarkable but in a spoiler-filled look later this week, we'll get into qualms with the script.Christian Bale as Bruce Wayne/Batman is still adequate and acceptable in his respective role (and yes kids, the voice is still a problem, definitely better, but still distracting). Bale shows Bruce Wayne broken, rising, and risen in perfect succession. There's no denying that Bale, probably for the rest of this century, will be associated proudly and respectfully with this role and what he gave the character.Michael Caine as Alfred, gives the most heartfelt and endearing performance of all of Nolan's trilogy. It's Caine's best work since The Cider House Rules (1999) and if anyone is looking for an actor to recognize, look no further. Grassroots campaign, do your work.Anne Hathaway as Selina Kyle, is sexy, confident, and offers a great balance of humor. Hathaway's casting was called into question for months, but rest assure, she delivers. In terms of creating and penning a unique female character, which has been pointed out as Nolan's one flaw as a screenwriter, it's a valiant effort and much better than our terrible Rachel Dawes. Hathaway elevates the material otherwise.Joseph Gordon-Levitt as John Blake is talented as always, diving deep into a character's motivations and executing with absolute precision. Marion Cotillard as Miranda Tate is the perfect balance to Hathaway's sexy Selina, enabling a turn not seen of her before. Morgan Freeman as Lucius Fox is still great decoration and a terrific addition to an outstanding cast.Gary Oldman as Jim Gordon still remains the unsung hero of this franchise. Oldman's talents and electric execution of the words are of the highest quality of actors working today. Oldman shows restraint when needed and turbulence when necessary.What everyone is waiting on is the performance of Tom Hardy as the diabolical Bane. A little bit of advice, please try your absolute hardest to divorce the Joker and Heath Ledger's performance from "Rises." What we all witnessed in 2008 was a performance of a lifetime that may not be matched for years to come. Hardy as Bane is simply sensational. It's one Hardy's best turns thus far and on the merits of the film alone, he's quite possibly best-in-show. When looking information on the character, all I kept hearing and reading was "carnage." Carnage doesn't begin to describe what Bane is. Nolan and Hardy transcend into a place, darker and more malicious than any film seen this year. It was the PERFECT villain for this finale.Oscar-talk you ask? OK, here it goes. If there has ever been a chance for superhero film like The Dark Knight Rises to be nominated for Best Picture at the Academy Awards, and have the QUALITY be present, this is the time. When thinking of successful and brilliant trilogies like The Lord of the Rings and Star Wars, who have all had their dances with Oscar before, Nolan's film needs this moment. We're almost guaranteed nominations in Sound Mixing, Sound Editing, Film Editing with very likely mentions in Cinematography and perhaps Makeup. It DESERVES, and this is said without seeing many of the films slated to come out for the rest of 2012, to be among a Best Picture and Director lineups. A nomination for Nolan has to be considered when putting this film against any other film this year or superhero film of ANY year. It's the finest directing work of this genre so far. Point blank. Period. Can't think of anyone else better.The Dark Knight Rises is not just the best film of the summer, it's possibly the best film of the year.
평점: 10	리뷰: I just returned from an advanced screening of the film and it was great, thanks to the ending. The movie had some serious flaws that should have been fixed before release. For one, the background music became annoying as it rarely stopped, if at all. This annoying background base made it more difficult to understand Bane with his already annoying accent and hard to understand voice. You really had to concentrate to understand what he was saying! Catwoman made the movie! She was great and it wouldn't have been as good without her. Her acting was great, along with the other main cast. However, some of the acting in the beginning started out awkward. Joseph Gordon-Levitt was amazing! It was a perfect ending to a GREAT trilogy.Tip: there are no surprise clips after the credits...
평점: 10	리뷰: Half way through the film at the midnight screening, I thought that the film was a bit all over the place, but still thoroughly entertaining. I'd decided 'The Dark Knight' was a better film but 'Rises' probably was a step above Batman Begins. However, the last hour of the film was the most suspenseful, intense, exciting, and I'm just going to go ahead and say it: greatest hour of film I have ever seen, and I've seen all of the greats! This movie was genius - the conclusion that any trilogy could ever want, and even exceeded 'The Dark Knight' itself. I left the cinema thinking I'd just gotten off a roller coaster; Nolan, you've outdone yourself this time.
평점: 7	리뷰: I don't and won't usually give 10 to any one movie. There are always flaws. but the last of the Dark Knight trilogy is as close to it as one can imagine.Flow: The movie started slow, like a rolling stone gathering moss. It picks up speed and story almost every second you are watching it. You probably won't realize it until you have finished the entire film. What's relatively unusual is the fact that there is a good and smooth ending, where most movies rushed to end (like The Avengers, Iron Man, etc.).Plot: As expected, Nolan and writers have given much thought to entirety of the trilogy, rather than the single movie itself. You can link the stories together, although the movie can be watched on its own. The screenplay is well written and directions and editing well done. The plot is easy to follow, but doesn't treat the audience like a bunch of sex-starved teenagers (... like Avengers)Characters: Actors did a great job in giving an otherwise 2 dimensional comic personalities characters. Unlike what some are complaining about, I actually found the characters better than they were in the comics. One can relate to the characters in the movies, unlike Marvel movie-adaptations.All in all, if you are going to be comparing this movie to The Avengers, it is safe to say that you are not very objective. Marvel has always aimed at the younger audience. The Dark Knight trilogy has always been for the adults and young adults.Here I just want to thank Christopher Nolan for bringing this version of Batman to being, what the Dark Knight should always have been. during its time, the original Tim Burton version was great, but this is the best Batman yet.
평점: 10	리뷰: Seven years from the release of the precursor for Christopher Nolan's Batman trilogy which marked the beginning of a new trend, a new era for filmmaking. Nolan, from how I see it, remade the superhero genre and developed it to something more, a lot more. Then came 'The Dark Knight', with rightful acclaims and praises, Nolan yet again proved his profound knowledge not only in filmmaking but as well as his understanding of what the audience wanted to see. With all the hype for the finale of what is labeled as 'the epic trilogy' for the genre, I grabbed tickets for the earliest screening on the local theaters, 12:15pm to be precise, and boy, was I amazed. It wasn't surprising that the film was this good, not as good as 'The Dark Knight' but well worth the watch; we've all seen Nolan's prowess and is very consistent with his work. It was nearly as perfect as its predecessors but Hans Zimmer's musical score tore this fantastic image of film realism and turned it into a Chinese New Year celebration. The percussions were extremely excessive that it stole away the whole experience. Music score aside, the film was as close to perfect as I can imagine it to be. Wally Pfister's transition from his usual soft-lighting towards the snowy, icy fields of New York, in this case, Gotham City was highly commendable and delivered as good of a cinematography as from his other works. Christian Bale, Morgan Freeman, Gary Oldman, and Michael Caine, all alumni of the past two Batman movies were as consistent as they were brilliant in their respective roles. Playing the primary villain for the film, Tom Hardy's portrayal of Bane was nothing short of excellent, though it does not par with Ledger's 'Joker' Hardy made the most out of the role. Anne Hathaway, to be frank, had my doubts before seeing the film, though after her wonderful performance as the gorgeously sexy counterpart of The Dark Knight, needless to say, was entirely reversed. Marion Cotillard along with Joseph Gordon-Levitt, both formerly casted by Nolan on 'Inception' complemented the ensemble and we pivotal in the development of both the characters and the story. The plot unfolds rather slowly as compared to the previous films but compensates with an impressively directed, brilliantly choreographed climactic end. The film, with all its flaws and glory was an incredible ending to what is perfectly described as the 'the greatest superhero trilogy' of out time.
평점: 10	리뷰: I had big expectations for this movie to say the least and these expectations seem to have been shattered by the sheer brilliance of this film. The excellence ranges all the way from the acting down to the very props used in the films. The screenplay is to die for. I was also pleasantly surprised by the performance of Anne Hathaway as the Catwoman which was way beyond my expectations as she brings a certain humorous aspect to an otherwise dark film. Christian Bale once again delivers an amazing and realistic performance as Batman/Bruce Wayne along with Michael Cane delivering emotional yet powerful quotes which we have grown to love. However the highlight of this movie for me was the performance of Tom Hardy who plays Bane. For me the villain felt a lot more dangerous than any of the others in the previous installments. Bane is probably the only man who is strong enough to take on the Batman both physically and mentally which leaves you extremely satisfied when the two coincide. The ending could not have been more perfect and ends the trilogy leaving you wanting to watch the whole series all over again. This is definitely my favorite movie of the Batman series and I bow down to Christopher Nolan for producing such a masterpiece. 10/10
평점: 9	리뷰: Not all critics hailed it as good as its immediate predecessor, but in all honesty TDKR is as good as The Dark Knight. Yes no one can match a truly magnificent performance by the late H. Ledger which make his last made film truly legendary and makes this last installment of Nolan's Batman really hard to finish and above all else TDK has put this last sequel on pedestal of everyone's eye, expecting higher than the usual but Hardy's performance as Bane make it big for this movie and of course Nolan's grand finale has its ground-breaking spectacular and non-stop nail-biting climax that would put you on the edge of your seat gripping till the last scene.The script was greatly made by the Nolan brothers. There were a lot of new cast which you would think they're irrelevant but evidently it was a necessity to the climax. The acting was superb especially Hardy, Bale, Gordon-Levitte,and Caine. The plot and story and directing was amazing and real, I don't know how Nolan's brain works but it is amazingly effective.TDKR is the very best finale sequel since LOTR: Return of the King. Of course it is way too better than the third sequel of Spider-Man, X-Men, Blade, even the third Star Wars.Overall TDKR is the best film of 2012 I've seen so far. It is definitely greater than to its competition. It has made The Avengers a child's play as said by TIME movie review. And definitely as great as The Dark Knight. Not all viewers will be pleased by this movie especially some critics, but in all honesty this is one of the greatest movie that has ever made (especially in our time).9.8/10
평점: 9	리뷰: To say that 'The Dark Knight Rises' is a good movie would be one of the biggest understatements of the year. As Christopher Nolan consistently does, he has created a movie that not only ends his 'Dark Knight' series with a bang, but also beckons the viewers to buy another ticket and watch it all over again, simply for the experience that it produces.The on-set pieces are something to marvel and all of the actors produce fantastic performances which adds to the tense and overall satisfying story of the film. The action sequences are very well done and are exciting for their entire length.The only criticism I have for the film is the voice of the character 'Bane'. The character already has a very thick accent, add on top of this a mask that gives his voice a very artificial sound to it, he can be incredibly hard to understand, and some lines leave the audience wondering what was said. However, this criticism is minor and by no means takes away from what was a brilliantly produced, very well acted and amazingly directed movie.The end to Christopher Nolan's epic series is surely one to put down on the 'must see' list, and provides a fitting ending to what can be considered one of the best trilogies ever made.
평점: 10	리뷰: Great Movie! I enjoy the movie it was fast pace and there was even some chemistry on screen with Catwoman and Batman. The movie had the right tempo of action and romance.The supporting actors were strong and it is setup for a future sequel. I took my son to watch the movie and he was leaping out of his seat cheering. So it is going to be a big blockbuster hit. There is enough entertainment for every age group, men women and children.Future screen writers and the studio of the franchise should take note. They should be forced to read all the comics so they don't dare mess with the Dark Knight legend.
평점: 8	리뷰: All i can say is, I had high expectations coming into this movie. VERY high. And this movie completely exceeded them. It was beyond perfect, perfectly sequenced, a complex but amazing storyline which creates for a magnificent finish, with some twists and turns. This movie is filled with brilliant scenes, which are absolutely epic. I really felt part of this, I had actually felt like Gotham was going to be destroyed by the strategist, and muscle-head Bane, who was the perfect villain. It was a thrilling experience, a ride the whole way through. It was psychological, physical and kept me on the edge of my seat the whole way true. It's going to be tough getting over this film, and the fact that the batman series has come to a conclusion. Nolan has created a masterpiece, phenomenal.
평점: 9	리뷰: I went into this movie expecting a movie of Batman Begins' standards (good but not incredible), but I left the movie with my mind blown because of this movie's purely epic levels!The Dark Knight Rises has a very well planned story line that is not only VERY entertaining but complex. Tom Hardy's portrayal of a very different type of Bane is just amazing, he is scary and intimidating and has a terrifying sense of humor in just the right spots whilst also pulling off a level of military-like intelligence. However I did find it quite hard to understand what Bane was saying in some scenes where he was speaking quietly.Anne Hathaway's portrayal of a more realistic Catwoman is quite impressive seeing as it is very different to the roles she usually plays (giggly and princess like). The big action scenes go to the height of heights without going too over the top; chases move fast and include storyline, and the villainous plots are massive without being stupidly unrealistic.Overral I think this is the perfect end to an amazing trilogy, it reflects on the previous two films a lot and does absolute justice to Christopher Nolan's version of the Batman universe.The Dark Knight Rises will impress you at the least, and blow you away at the most!
평점: 7	리뷰: Seen it and have my own views on the film but more keen to see why so many rate TDK over this one. For me TDK has one small issue and then very big issue. The small one was the actress change....not a good choice. The big issue was TwoFace, the film was great up to when I saw the FX for his face, it was way OTT, it should have been more in keeping with the real would (bad burns) Anyway the main thought is how would TDK rate if Heath had not died, I mean it pulled more press news and sad to say the awards given to him would have been fewer (Would have won some just not as many) I feel he did an amazing job but because he died you would never be able to top it because of people having extra feelings about the film that otherwise would not be there had he lived. I love The Crow, I went to see it 12 times and as much as I like it I know it would have not made the money or had the impact it did if Brandon had lived (film grabbed me because it was close to his life, due to marry in film and due to marry in real life at time of his death) its a sorry truth but a real death of a star helps sell the movie (also in music i.e. Whitney Houston) So if you could somehow overlook the sad passing of Heath and rate TDK against TDKR would you still put it above? for me TDKR although not perfect is a more solid film with less gripes about it.
평점: 7	리뷰: I would like to start this review by highlighting that I am a fan of Batman, and also a fan of Christian Bale.For me this was a very good film...... BUT - It was not a Batman film.Before you shoot me down in flames - let me explain.For me Batman is perfectly played out in the original Batman (Tim Burton version) Its Dark its gritty and yet it still has an element of fantasy and mystery) The Dark Knight rises is lacking the darkness that should be in a batman movie. There was far too much light! Whilst the film had some classic flash backs to his childhood etc, I think the point of Bruce Wayne being emotionally scared by the loss of his parents is missing.Finally - For me Batman was not really in the film... He had less screen time than most of the other actors....I also felt that by lowering the certificate to a 12A they have compromised on the realism, Shoot out scenes and bone breaking action seems cut or missing All in all it was a good film and worth a watch, But I would not put it in the same league as Batman / Batman Returns / Batman Begins / Dark Knight.
평점: 10	리뷰: As a huge fan of superhero movies and undeniably the batman Christopher Nolan has depicted is the favourite of my choice. He is humane yet enigmatic, heroic and self-giving. Chris Nolan has produced superhero movies into a whole different level. The action, acting, sound and other visual effects was absolutely mind-blowing for the previous two productions. He is good at picking the right cast playing the right role like Michael Caine, Gary Oldham and Morgan Freeman who have always been the linchpin behind the success of the movie. I am also in awe of his previous works excluding the batman series such as Momento and The Prestige. So I had high hope and expectation on the Dark Knight Rises of how the director can build up the finale of the Batman trilogy which the world has long anticipated this blockbuster.Judged by the content of the trailers, lots of people might expect it to be an action intensive film with lots of explosive elements and the elemental conflict between good and evil. If I'm honest, I have already seen most of the action scenes of the movie via the trailers before watching the film which is a saddening thing to hear from an audience's point of view. The entire film was almost three hours long and there were way too much chit chatting with the whole conspiracy by the villain but not getting down into the main point or the action bits. I think those scenes about having trials on the people by the judge whether they were guilty or not was plainly farcical in my opinion and quite cheesy which I never experienced in the previous two batman films.The Dark Knight Rises has put in a lot of new characters who played a key role in the film including Joseph Gordon-Levitt playing John Blake and Marion Cotillard as Miranda Tate. But the main villain, Bane played by Tom Hardy made me anticipated on how he can use his eyes as his weapon to proceed the acting, to show his wrath towards the corrupted society. I must say I was a bit disappointed at the villain role as the joker simply played too well in The Dark Knight in which Tom Hardy could not exceed the expectation. With those prestigious casts which all of them are great actors, I expected that it would be a sensational experience crafted by those actors. However, the entire film always talking about bits and bobs and never really get to one main theme. The experience was messy and too stuffed in without much focus to cause the audience to fall into the frictional world that Christopher Nolan was trying to present.In conclusion, The Dark Knight Rises does not exceed my expectation nor better than the predecessor. I thought it was a let down the way how Christopher Nolan wrap up this impeccable Batman series. I only gave the rating 7/10 because of the two fantastic previous productions he made.
평점: 10	리뷰: In 2005 Christopher Nolan gave us Batman Begins, a near-perfect film detailing the story of Bruce Wayne and his journey to becoming Batman. This film brought Batman out from the depths of movie hell, there courtesy of Joel Schumacher's appalling Batman Forever and Batman & Robin, which turned Batman into a joke who no one would want to touch with 10-foot pole. Thankfully Nolan was brave enough to resurrect him in 2005, and in 2008 we got The Dark Knight, a film which turned what we knew about blockbusters and superhero flicks upside-down. With a phenomenal performance by Heath Ledger and an even darker journey into Gotham City this was a perfect film.Now, after four years, Nolan concludes his epic trilogy with The Dark Knight Rises. There is no denying the hype for this movie is huge, people are bound to be disappointed, fans divided and angry, but when after I finished watching this (after having attended a back-to-back trilogy screening on an IMAX screen) I realised just how fitting this movie was. These aren't simple superhero movies with loud noises and non-stop action, he has imbued each character with true personalities and the story with multiple themes. Bruce Wayne became Batman in the beginning, fell into dark times in the middle and rose to become Gotham's hero in the end. Emotions run high in this final installment as Batman comes out of hiding to face a truly menacing villain along with the people close to him.Eight years after the events of The Dark Knight Bruce Wayne (Christian Bale) is in hiding and his corporation is going broke, but the emergence of Bane (Tom Hardy), a mercenary with a dark past out for trouble, and Selina Kyle/Catwoman (Anne Hathaway) bring Wayne out of retirement. Now Batman, along with up and coming Detective Blake (Joseph Gordon-Levitt), Commissioner Gordon (Gary Oldman), Lucius Fox (Morgan Freeman), Alfred (Michael Caine) and newcomer millionaire Miranda Tate (Marion Cotillard) must try and save Gotham from Bane and his mercenaries.Where do I start with reviewing this movie? There is much to say and an unfortunate limit on my word count so I will be brief. The acting is outstanding from each cast member, Bale has been so good as Wayne/Batman and he completes his character arc with raw emotion. Hardy is exceptional as Bane, physically intimidating and always a scene-stealer, most of the film's best scenes involve Bane addressing a large crowd or brutalising anyone in his way. Hathaway does well as Catwoman, neither hero or villain she is a complex character who I wish we saw more of. Of course Oldman, Cotillard and Freeman are excellent, but I must mention Michael Caine who really shone in this film, delivering an award-worthy final turn as everyone's favourite butler. Finally Joseph Gordon-Levitt is proving again and again he is becoming one of the best actors of our time, he does a fantastic job as the optimistic detective who never loses hope.Nolan's direction is perfect and his script (co-written with his brother Jonathon) is an emotional roller-coaster packed with some truly breathtaking action set-pieces filmed in glorious IMAX. Cities crumble, bridges collapse and civil wars are fought and look fantastic, thank you Nolan for not shooting in 3D! Hans Zimmer's score suits the tone of the film well, the now very well known chant is used to good effect in a pivotal scene towards the end.This is a truly cinematic experience, expertly blending the action genre with drama, creating a fitting final act to Nolan's Batman trilogy. I may seem to be heaping too much praise on this movie, but really, it deserves it, it is engrossing and quite simply one of the best films I've seen in a long, long time. Nolan's Batman trilogy is possibly one of the greatest conceived and it will be a long time before a superhero movie of this calibre will be made.10/10
평점: 9	리뷰: "The Dark Knight Rises" is an EPIC superhero movie. This in fact could potentially be an unprecedented award-winning superhero movie. The two and a half hours that was needed to tell this huge story were wisely used. The film was absorbing and the details were all vital. The photography, the visual effects, the crowd scenes, the stunts, the Bat vehicles were all AWESOME to watch, and that was only on Digital 2D. It is a practically an impossible task to compress the span of the complicated screenplay into a single paragraph. The story basically picks up eight years after revered Gotham City District Attorney Harvey Dent was assumed to have been murdered by the Batman. Bruce Wayne (Christian Bale) had been leading a hermit existence since then, and the Batman had been unheard of. The arrival of a revolutionary respirator-masked super-villain named Bane (a massive and unrecognizable Tom Hardy) that shattered peace in Gotham City knocks sense into Bruce Wayne/Batman to come out of his retirement. Question is, does he still have what it takes to defeat Bane and save Gotham?Interwoven into this saga are other very loyal old characters like the Commissioner Gordon (Gary Oldman), Alfred (Michael Caine), Lucius Fox (Morgan Freeman), and very interesting new characters like idealistic policeman John Blake (Joseph Gordon-Levitt), the enigmatic Miranda Tate (Marion Cotillard) and the complicated Selina Kyle/Catwoman (an unexpectedly perfect portrayal by Anne Hathaway). Each of these characters are integral to the main story. In fact, all of these other characters practically spend the same amount of screen time as the main Bat. Yet, no one felt superfluous at all. Even the cameo of Liam Neeson as Ra's Al Ghul was important.This is indeed the BEST movie I have seen so far in 2012! It would be an injustice if this movie and its visionary director Christopher Nolan would not be nominated come Oscar time. This was worth the wait, the hype and the excitement. Despite the closure, the hint of a sequel makes the already perfect ending that additional punch. This is one helluva kick-ass action film, yet it does not lose the angst, the drama and the heart. The Batman is still the best DC character out there, and this film certainly shows us why!
평점: 10	리뷰: I will not to talk about this masterpiece because no way to describe it except seeing it, but i will talk about my experience. when my father tell me that he attend the Godfather 1,2 primer I get too jealous about that and i think he was very lucky ,but now Nolan give me that chance to tell my sons that i attend Batman begins,The dark knight,The dark knight rises primer Nolan trilogy . will consider as one the best trilogy ever made because Nolan is the film maker we need not what we deserve.Nolan proved and made a new standard for super hero movies, My only word i say after seeing this movie is .. ...The epic.......The epic........The epic.....The epic
평점: 7	리뷰: Wow ..!! What a movie ...!! I have got goosebumps when the batman rises for the first time...!! Another important thing is that there is not single rise in this movie, there is more than 1...!! So Njoy each rise.The acting of Christian bale is top notch. We can see the pain of his heart through his eyes and body. Apart from everything, the music of Hans simmer is the soul of the movie . He is the second director of it ..!! There are situations where someone is in trouble and we know that batman will come. Even though we know, its the music which makes the scene more interesting ...!! The movie is very good with lots of turns in the end ..!! Go nd Watch it ...!!Its not an EPIC END but an EPIC BEGINNING ..!
평점: 9	리뷰: I just saw it and feel it was the best batman in Christopher Nolan trilogy,I just can say the story is better and the final action scene is great but too short!!it just haven't reach 10 minutes.....If the action is longer and more maybe i give 9 star,Christopher Nolan directed movies always like that,more focus on dialog only...did he know the action part also very important?Where the 250million use for?Actor and Director pay only?try to give the best excitement to us for making not only a good storyline but also the best action that can satisfied us..For the most successful director like James Cameron and Peter Jackson are the best examples of putting a well made storyline and action inside...
평점: 8	리뷰: I do think this, as a film, tops The Dark Knight and is a worthy sequel and end to the trilogy. Nolan is always getting better and better. Plot: it's quite complicated, but will keep you on your toes the whole ride. It's necessary to have watched the previous two films to understand this film's plot and enjoy it. The storyline is solid and the ending of this film is just perfect. My biggest gripe is the development of Miranda Tate, which seemed rather rushed. But this film did not feel like three hours. Characters: Michael Caine was brilliant as Alfred, as always. The most heartfelt and strongest performance of the film. Christian Bale, Joseph Gordon Levitt, and Gary Oldman also do not disappoint. I absolutely loved John Blake's character and wouldn't change a thing about it. Batman's emotional roller coaster is much stronger in this film. I do feel Marion Cotillard did a great job, but was given a bit too little to work with. Anne Hathaway was not my favorite Catwoman, but still had a good fit for Nolan's tone of the series. Tom Hardy was put in tough shoes as the successor to the Joker. He still did a great job, and Bane was a great choice of a villain. However, I feel The Joker was a superior villain. The Joker was much more interesting, terrifying, and ultimately memorable. I was not expecting this film to be better than TDK, but Nolan surprised me once again. I highly recommend watching this movie, but make sure to watch the first two beforehand. The special effects are mind blowing.
평점: 10	리뷰: So, I decide to see a movie this afternoon. Most great trilogies in-fact have a member who actually lets the team down. When it comes to the Dark Knight trilogy, before today it could only be The Dark Knight Rises. With a stroke of brilliance by all key players involved The Dark Knight Rises not only lives up to its heritage, but also carves out it's own identity. These guys really know what they're doing when they get together to make a movie. With Christopher Nolan at the helm, their attention to detail gives the Hollywood blockbuster a good name.Each film has had it's own world, The Dark Knight Rises isn't as 'dark' as The Dark Knight, but it's just as gritty. It's not as new as Batman Begins, but just as engaging. Like all the movies, it's plain fantastic. I look forward to hearing people philosophize over which film is better. They'll be doing so for many years to come. I saw it this afternoon in Melbourne, Australia. Opening day. Spare of the moment decision. I'm looking forward to crossing paths with this gem again.
평점: 10	리뷰: The Dark Knight Rises is the epic end of a legendary trilogy. It is a very thrilling action packed movie. The acting was superb. Christian Bale still plays Bruce Wayne who seems to lost touch with the outside world and is worn-out as an effect of his war with crime as Batman. Anne Hathaway is perfect as the sexy Catwoman. Tom Hardy is the scary and notorious Bane. I love how the scenes were unfolded. The Dark Knight Rises showed the struggles of Batman to save his beloved city once again. Batman, which is not in great shape, steps up to fight a terrorist who has incredible strength. The action scenes are different. Bane's way of fighting is merciless. In this movie you would see how the characters end up. The relationship between Wayne and Alfred is also emphasized in this movie. The team up between Batman and Catwoman is also fun to watch. Lastly, you would probably love to watch the Batman riding his new vehicle.They really pulled it off. The Dark Knight Rises is a nice addition to Batman Begins and The Dark Knight. Not all trilogies were able to give a nice ending to their respective stories but The Dark Knight Rises did. Two Thumbs UP!
평점: 10	리뷰: I loved this film... don't get me wrong I thought it was fantastic... however there were some parts of the movie where continuity was lost...I know it is 8 years on ... but Wayne Manor had been fully restored... and looked as it did in the first movie in this trilogy... that didn't make sense, and that continuity was highlighted when Alfred said to Bruce.... "...when I heard your first cry in the room upstairs....." That room should no longer exist.....That being said.... GREAT job by Anne Hathaway... and I LOVED IT!! Visually stunning and a ride from beginning to end... And check out the updated bike.... cool on a turn
평점: 10	리뷰: This film is about Batman having to stop an evil mercenary from destroying Gotham City."The Dark Knight" have set the bar so high that it is so hard for Nolan to match it. While watching "The Dark Knight Rises", I became increasingly confused. I was then told that it has many links with the first Batman film. As I don't remember the plot of the first one, I became completely lost as to what was happening. Even after I understood what was happening, things are still unconvincing. For example, the ending twist makes no sense to me. Why would Miranda Tate require the help of Bane to destroy Gotham City, when she is in control of the device already? "The Dark Knight Rises" may be an entertaining film, but I could not get into the story. It is far too confusing as it tries to play the "Infernal Affairs" game, where good guys are bad but bad guys are good. It contains elements of the first Batman movie from years ago which people would have forgotten about already. The special effects are great, but the whole film is lost in a confusing and less than convincing plot.
평점: 10	리뷰: There are plenty of elements that made this film work, so I suppose we can tick them off one by one. For starters, the continuation on the focus of Bruce Wayne's story, which has made it all tick. This version of Bruce Wayne and Alfred become the familiar characters we're accustomed with since 2005, and the film invests heavily on the emotional bonding between the two, which deals back to the theme about fear that rears its ugly head again, and how a father figure cannot stand idly by to watch the one he brought up recklessly charge into battle after a long hiatus, and hoping for a life of normalcy with the mantle of the bat given up. Michael Caine may have a shorter screen time than before, but no less powerful.When Sam Raimi had to put the popular and powerful Venom into Spider-man 3 pretty much against his wishes, we all knew how that turned out to be, effectively killing off the franchise until the decision to reboot it. There may be some similar fears with the introduction of a fairly contemporary villain in Bane, but the story gave him more purpose and meaning, and Tom Hardy was excellent par none in this role as the compete villain - with plenty of brawn, merciless, masterful, and with a plan any terrorist would be proud of. If the Scarecrow meant to induce fear, and the Joker to create chaos, Bane is carnage incarnate. Tom Hardy, even being the requisite mask, is fearful, and while the designs of his plan may dwarf the Joker's in complexity, it sure rivaled his in terms of delivery, and execution. Anyone in his path gets shoved aside with deadly consequences, and anyone alive is only because there is of further use. No hesitation, and no compromise.And Nolan continues with the introduction of a lot more villains big and small, behind a mask or otherwise, in his Bat films than anyone would credit him for, especially when having those whose lines are blurred, or corrupt to the core and hiding behind social status and fortune. This in turn provides for another arc that boils underneath the main narrative, where the rich and powerful continue to enjoy their successes at the expense of the have-nots, and the Occupy Movement in a way being a very real parallel to the proceedings on screen. While the mobsters were clearly at the top of the food chain in the earlier Nolan films, this one shifted focus to politicians and the elite community, with their fair share of scandals and corporate greed.While Bane was to the point, Selina Kyle played by Anne Hathaway, is both sensual and a force to be reckoned with herself, being like how she's best portrayed, on the fence. There's a bit of Frank Miller's Year One in this one given the presence of Juno Temple's Holly, and the back to basics as a jewel thief, compared to the mousy secretary in Tim Burton's Batman Returns with Michelle Pfeiffer defining the role, and the garbage that was Halle Berry's. Anne Hathaway nailed this one with what would be a truly memorable outing, and as if a homage of sorts to Burton's second Batman film, that the repartee between Bruce Wayne and Selina Kyle at a party became one of the highlights here, as does her thievery and combat ability. She may lack her whip, but more than makes up for it with her steel stiletto heels, and the very sensual and sleekly designed feline moves that you'd wonder how they got delivered while wrapped under that skin tight suit.And not only is the technology put on screen fictionally impressive, the technical aspects behind the scenes also worked wonders, chalking up serious mileage in having more than an hour's worth of footage shot on the IMAX format. Wally Pfister's cinematography continues to impress with that staying consistent to the gritty look and feel developed for all the Bat films to date, before his departure into a film director's role for his next project. Hans Zimmer also probably developed the best score for Nolan's Bat films, and I dare say without which this film would be less stellar, with the score playing a huge role in adding plenty of character and emotion to the film, lifting it up with excitement during the many set action pieces, with recognizable themes assigned to major players, heightening dangers, and providing a boost to the many feelings in this one heck of an action-adventure. With how things developed at the end, and what I felt was initial horror of sorts with Batman out in broad daylight, secret identity being porous and all, this film ended in what would be the best way possible - with possibilities, and a twinkle of an eye, Inception style with a did it, or did it not. Twists, turns, surprises and sleight of hand, making it a clear favourite as one of the best this year. Do yourself a favour and watch it in the IMAX format, just as it was intended.Because you have just got to believe in Christopher Nolan, and the kind of films he has so far delivered. Take a bow, bat-crew, for a trilogy that has now set the bar for any comic book film, and especially any other follow Batman movie, reboot or otherwise, to live up to.
평점: 10	리뷰: THE DARK KNIGHT RISES IS A MASTERPIECE! Christopher Nolan's Batman Trilogy delves in the realm where nobody has ever taken this iconic figure before. He created Gotham city in a way that you can view the world. What makes it even more compelling is the story's tight grip on reality. Nolan depicts the story in an idea of what if this were to happen in real life. The trilogy's main themes are FEAR, CHAOS and PAIN, things that all people experience. With the emotions and massive amount action that this film gives viewers, The Dark Knight Rises simply is the best way to wrap this legend.Batman is just the best superhero(in my opinion)! He is someone who feared and felt pain but chooses to overcome and rise about it as he creates the symbol that brings fear to those people who prey on the fearful. Christian Bale as batman played the portrayal well; his performance is one of his best! Bane, the hulky masked villain played by Tom Hardy was menacing! He brings Gotham a different kind of terror that is excellently shown by Tom through is eyes, voice and stalwart form. Other people might compare him with the joker but they are incomparable. The Joker challenges batman's own existence and plays mind tricks on him while Bane confronts batman with brutality that no one has dared cross batman before. Also, Bane has clear view of what he wants--to bring Gotham to ashes and to kill the batman while the joker plainly creates anarchy and chaos, and is someone who just wanna watch the world burn! The best thing about Bane is that he carries out the plan with a certain level of calmness while he deliberately chills you.Catwoman/Selina Kyle(Anne Hathaway) was just kickass! Her dynamic relationship with batman is really complex. She operates in a different way some people might find unforgivable but deep down, she's more than just a cat burglar.The supporting characters of course were just as brilliant just a they were before--Alfred, Commissioner Gordon and Lucius Fox. The newcomers who played significant roles were also just as outstanding--John Blake and Miranda Tate. Blake's idealist cop character was necessary that supports to Gordon's role. Miranda here plays the "love interest" but there's a lot more to her.This film would not have been successful without the top-notch cinematographer, Wally Pfister and the creator of the score, Hans Zimmer, who Nolan both worked with his other films. This film is just extraordinary it is a complete package! It doesn't just give you visual entertainment but also gives off proper sentiments that makes you reflect on things that are happening aided by the musical score. The film totally blows you out of your seat and makes you ecstatic! There are a lot of jaw-dropping and heart-pounding actions that paralyzes you as you try to catch your breath with every scene. In addition to that are the moments of silence that help you absorb the emotion!Lastly, The Dark Knight truly, absolutely, totally ROSE!
평점: 10	리뷰: Creating a sequel to THE DARK KNIGHT is one hell of a task even for Christopher Nolan and yet the man manages to finish his version of the Batman stories in what I consider one of the best trilogy/ franchise finales I've seen on screen.The story is a new take on the cinematic superhero because the focus isn't even on Batman alone. An interesting thing with THE DARK KNIGHT RISES is that it dedicates equal amount of screen time to all the characters, whether main or supporting. This works well in introducing a bunch of new people into the story alongside seeing familiar faces.The emotional level of the film was also shocking in a good way, which is something I honestly did not expect from a superhero based movie. For once, you do care about what happens to that guy in the background. Even if they are characters derived or based from the comic books, an emotional connection on par with a serious drama movie is made. If THE DARK KNIGHT was a bit depressing, this one amps that all the way to the extreme. Batman here isn't just some superhero out to save the world from some super villain; he's a broken man who feels more than guilty after the events of the past two films and this helps make the overall story a different and welcome take on the superhero concept. This goes for everyone involved in the events that follow 8 years after THE DARK KNIGHT.As usual, one can rely on Christopher Nolan to deliver heavy drama alongside great action scenes as he did before. The first half of the movie was a bit slow as it focused more on the characters (that's not a bad thing) but quickly builds up from there, climaxing in one hell of a second half that has the fate of the entire city of Gotham at risk. All the way till the end, the balance of emotions and adrenaline is maintained in such a way that you wouldn't even notice the 165 minute time span of the movie.THE DARK KNIGHT RISES managed to blow THE DARK KNIGHT out of the water. I'll admit that I felt that Bane, while very effective and intimidating, wasn't able to live up to the Joker but that does nothing to change my opinion on the film (and in Tom Hardy's defense, he did say he wasn't trying to outshine Heath Ledger as he just wanted to do his own thing). It is sad that THE DARK KNIGHT SAGA has come to a close but then again, all good things have an end. Through THE DARK KNIGHT RISES, Christopher Nolan delivers a deserving finale to one of the greatest Batman stories ever told.
평점: 10	리뷰: THE DARK KNIGHT RISES is an excellent movie; superior script, strong characterizations, solid cinematography and augmenting action. It's just not a particularly strong Batman movie.Chris Nolan is a celluloid genius. He has managed to appease practically everyone in his Batman swan song. He needed to satisfy cast and crew, he needed to wrap his trilogy up in a convincing, yet final manner, and he needed to ensure the relative calm of the comic fans and more fanatical fan boys. He has accomplished all three.First, there's the saga of star Christian Bale and the Batman suit. Bale has a problem with claustrophobia, and the Batman suite has caused him fits throughout the trilogy. In THE DARK KNIGHT RISES, which runs nearly three hours, he is actually in the costume about 20 minutes. That's good for Bale, but not so good for Batman fans. Series regulars return as well, including Michael Caine and Gary Oldman. They both offer outstanding performances, but Caine's is exceptional. It very well could garner him a nomination for Best Supporting Actor.Nolan said repeatedly THE DARK KNIGHT RISES was his last oeuvre with the character and the series. He brings the story to a definitive end, but leaves a door open for anyone foolish enough to try to follow his act. Bale also said he would quit when Nolan did. This allows Nolan to write in a darker Batman element. Ever since Frank Miller's Batman tome "Batman: The Dark Knight Returns", many fan boys wanted to see an edgier Caped Crusader on film. Knowing Bale was bailing, Nolan scripts a battered and bruised hero, silent in Gotham for eight years and demonstrating the injuries and traumas of a life of fighting crime. This should appease the Miller devotees. While the legend of Batman may continue, it will definitely not be in the guise of Bale.While Bane, played by Tom Hardy, is credited in the comics with breaking Batman's back and putting him out of commission, the character was weak; a runt with an attitude, juiced up on a super serum called venom, to monstrous proportions. Nolan has completely reinvented Bane, for the better. He is a mercenary, quick and strong with ties to the League of Shadows and Batman's arch nemesis Ra's Al-Ghul. Several other comic and fan boy elements are brought to closure as well. Did Jim Gordon know Batman's identity? Did Batman and Catwoman have a tumultuous love affair? And, what about Talia, daughter of Ra's Al Ghul? All of these questions, long debated in print form, are brought to closure in THE DARK KNIGHT RISES. There's a political undertone that is alarming in THE DARK KNIGHT RISES. Hardy as Bane and Anne Hathaway as Selina Kyle, preach the true Communist manifesto as they plot a rebellion against Gotham, designed to take from the wealthy and give to everyone else. Their speeches sound as if they were purloined from the ranting of President Barrack Hussein Obama and others of his ilk. "No one got were they're at alone." "If you built a successful business, you didn't do it on your own. Someone helped you." These troubling Communist mantras fill today's headlines promoting envy and jealousy in the social classes, and they are even more troubling when spewed by Bane and not a slickster in a suit on Pennsylvania Avenue.The world Bane creates with his rebellion is not the land flowing with milk and honey that was promised; just as Obama's platitudes sound utopian, but will surely turn America into a socialist third world nation. Perhaps this is Nolan's way of suggesting everyone vote in November to ensure Obama is limited to one term, as we, unfortunately, do not have a Dark Knight to bail us out. One can only hope the message is received.The scenes shot in Pittsburgh are a distraction. The first time you see the film, be prepared to have a selection of goobers scream and yell every time a familiar landmark or local personality flashes on screen. Some folks just don't go out too often. The recognition factor also hinders the augmenting action sequences. Nolan orchestrates the action scenes like a conductor creating a full crescendo. While the tension is building, a familiar spot pops on screen and the brain switches into recognition mode, momentarily halting the crescendo.THE TRILOGY Nolan wraps up all loose ends in THE DARK KNIGHT RISES. What started as one man's search for the meaning of his life ends with the discovery of what he sought.So, with the stars, cast and crew happy, the producers happy, the comic and fan boys happy, Nolan has scored the natural hat trick. He bows from the trilogy with a complete, stand alone tale, much like Bryan Singer did with The X-Men, though this story is quite a bit darker.I originally gave BATMAN BEGINS an 8/10 rating. THE DARK KNIGHT, which I still think is one of the best films ever made, I gave a 15/10. THE DARK KNIGHT RISES easily earns a 10/10 and as such is the winner of the coveted Fist of Fiore Award for 2012. This means it is the epitome of film as entertainment. Three movies, with an overall rating of 33/30, I'd say Nolan has made his mark and it is one that surely will not be challenged for quite some time.But while it accomplishes all these things and does so in style, it's not what one expects from a Batman movie. Our hero is tarnished, worn out, his life destroyed, his fortune lost and his friends and family alienated. He has no option but to pass the torch. It's an uncomfortable way to end a Batman story.THE RATING FOR THE DARK KNIGHT RISES = A -30-
평점: 10	리뷰: This movie is easily one of the best films that I have ever seen. It's put in a way that is breath taking and you will wish you never watched it because it's too darn good. Scenes filmed in such a way that is so epic that you can feel every detail of the atmosphere. Tom Hardy who played "Bane" did a powerful job that leaves me on the edge of my seat. With his little mask and his altered voice, every time the music and the image Bane came onto the screen I felt that there is a thousand tons of stone that is laid on my chest. Bale did not disappoint either, the performance was unprecedented. Everything is put together so well that it is truly an whole new degree of experience that redefines the act of "watching movie". It is a long movie that you will wish it never stops 2:45. Go watch it, it will not disappoints.
평점: 8	리뷰: THE DARK KNIGHT RISES is definitely epic in scale and its storyline was nothing short of chaotic as the antagonists wreaked havoc on Gotham City. Yet somehow, this one is slightly different from the second film in that it takes a "philosophical" stand on Batman's back story in which it is almost similar to the first one. We also get to know the history of Bane and here is where the interesting twist begins to unveil as we're shown how his past life intermingled with that of Batman's.This year seems like movies are coming full circle in terms of their characters. For example, in MEN IN BLACK III we were given retrospective stories behind the true relationship between Agent K and Agent J. THE DARK KNIGHT RISES also gave the same effect of giving the audience a link between Batman's past and his present.The female roles in this one are equally compelling as well. They're not about to become the damsels in distress. I believe this is part of Christopher Nolan's charm as a director and co- writer in which he gave great empowerments to his female characters whereby they feature strong roles in his past films. Even in the last THE DARK KNIGHT, the character of Rachel Dawes (played by Maggie Gyllenhaal) displayed strong appeal to the audience as she was not about to take crap from anyone even in her most vulnerable scenes as Heath Ledger's The Joker confronted her in the Bruce Wayne's benefit party scene and as a kidnapped victim. In THE DARK KNIGHT RISES, Nolan's female characters are again given strong roles and empowerments as they were not to be messed with.Oh, have I mentioned twists earlier? And yes, I mean it in its plural sense. There are several twists in the film. The two female leads, namely Anne Hathaway's "Selina Kyle/Catwoman" and Marion Cotillard's "Miranda Tate", give the audience truly unexpected twists in their characters. I, myself, was caught off-guard as their reversal of roles took a 180-turn from what I'd expected them to be.Without giving too much spoilers, I'd say that it was quite refreshing and brilliant move that Nolan refuse to include Batman's sidekick, Robin, in any of his Batman franchise. Instead, he capitalized Catwoman as a potential protagonists. And damn, Hathaway gave feisty performances in all of her scenes in her own stunts. From the moment, she appeared on screen I was totally captivated by stunning performance. For one thing, forget about all that you've ever known or seen about Catwoman or Selina Kyle from past movies especially that of Michelle Pfeiffer's in the Tim Burton's version. In this one, Nolan decided to give her an edge that anyone who's ever familiar with the comics would feel like their heads are turned around.This film is also nothing short of cameos throughout from Matthew Modine to Liam Neeson. There was even a scene where a particular villain that appeared in the first two films made an appearance in this one. However, you really have to be really attentive enough to spot who it is actually. Let me give you hint: he had quite a substantial part in BATMAN BEGINS and a short scene in the earlier part of THE DARK KNIGHT. But regretfully I was pretty disappointed that Morgan Freeman's Lucius Fox was not given more screen time as he did in his strong supporting role on the last film. Nevertheless, Freeman gave a fine performance no matter how trivial his role might be.Like I said earlier, THE DARK KNIGHT RISES takes a "philosophical" stand which might not be as appealing to some audiences. They might find some scenes to be draggy or even boring as I heard yawnings at the back of the theater and some audience members even switching on their phones. Granted that I myself did find those scenes little bit too dry but that doesn't give license to these imbeciles to be inconsiderate to others the theater.Anyway as for the tagline, "The legend ends" I would beg the differ in that the ending somehow did not feel that way at all. There's a slight hint of the appearance of "Robin" despite Nolan's strong persistence against the sidekick's appearance.All in all, I feel like there's a certain disconnection between the last film and this one other than reminiscing on Harvey Dent's death.The verdict is that I'm definitely going to see THE DARK KNIGHT RISES again this weekend after Ramadhan's Iftar.
평점: 1	리뷰: The Dark Knight Rises (Spoiler Free Review)Tonight i was amongst a lucky audience in West LA to see a Warner Bros. screening of 'The Dark Knight Rises' (Thanks 97.1 AMP & KROQ-FM radio!). It's difficult to sum up this movie with few select choice words. but i will use one: Epic. Thinking back a year+ ago when casting was announced, the villain, etc i had my suspicions and i was skeptical about the casting (outside of Christian Bale, Michael Caine, Gary Oldman and Morgan Freeman.) I wasn't sure what Chris Nolan and brother were up to. Well, once the Warner Bros. logo came on screen and the movie started, all my skeptical thinking went away. The movie starts off with an epic action sequence, introducing you to the villain and the pure evilness that he is. And for the remainder of the 164-minute runtime, you're left guessing as to the plot and what the direction the movie is going in. And this is a wonderful thing.I'm glad that nothing plot related is given away in the various trailers released. This movie is very intelligent and well casted. Every character has a purpose and they delivered wonderfully. I had my doubts with casting Anne Hathaway as Selina Kyle at first. But i knew that if anyone can force a great performance out of an actor, it's Director Christopher Nolan.Never was i bored or felt like there was too much time wasted on any particular scene. The pace of the movie was perfect and there was so much to look at in every scene. The cinematography is spectacular! Many directors these days will cut corners and decide to make things CG and add explosions or people or wacky camera angles to spice up the movie. Most of what i watched tonight was REAL. Those were thousands of REAL extras. Those stunts were real (specially the opening scene). Some of those wide angled shots (probably for IMAX purpose) are awesome. There is no wasted space. There's so much to look at while watching this movie, and it's not even a sci-fi film! That is the true genius of Chris Nolan. He believes in old school filmmaking with actual stunts, extras and on location sets. Every performance is awesome. For me, Tom Hardy and Joseph Gordon-Levitt were the two standout roles as Bane and Officer John Blake. Both men were directed perfectly for their roles and brought great acting skills to their respective roles. There are some great moments in the movie that will make you want to cheer and clap, as our audience did multiple times, specially the ending. And what a way to tie up the Dark Knight Trilogy. I couldn't think of a more fitting and more perfect ending. Sure many are speculating about certain characters and how the movie ends and whether there will be sequels or spin-offs, etc but take my advice.Avoid the temptation to read any spoilers or watch any more clips than you may already have. Treat yourself to this great movie - spoiler free. If you have enjoyed Nolan's first two, 'Batman Begins' and 'The Dark Knight', you're going to love how it all comes together in this film. My hats off to you Mr. Nolan! Go see it. See it in IMAX. See it Thrice!
평점: 10	리뷰: I was initially shocked to see all the first few pages full of 10/10 reviews but after page 7 it seem to be more honest reviews. Its a moment of whether one will agree that the "Emperor is naked". Difficult for fan boys to see the flaws of the movie but i did.I never followed Batman from young but TDK changed my opinion and made batman my favorite superhero.TDKR has tremendous responsibility to follow up the good work of batman begins and TDK but it has rather disappointed(me).How many times have we seen this Below-viaduct-under-the-highway chase scenes.Nolan is just reusing all his antiques from the first movie.However one never gets tired of watching this stylish batman's every move.That was yet another hair raising batman intro despite a super long draggy boring opening 30 mins.Some of the themes are too recurring. The theme of people getting trapped beyond bridges,inmates escaping and causing chaos,explosives and more explosives.When it is used again and again more audience can easily realize some of the logic flaws in those scenes.Batman is also becoming too fantasy.his flying saucer can hide from government radars and he still can appear and disappear at any place in his very "unnoticable" costume and "small" bike.the scenes were so dragging that i started to purposely notice logic nonsenses.Also during Batman's first escape ,the police cars give him a clear view of the ramp on the highway.There were a hundreds of police cars blocking all angles but give him a clear view to the ramp.Also there were too many scenes of catwoman and batman escaping bullets.Police always have gun pointed but never shoot and eventually let their targets escape.The apocalyptic scenes reminded a little of the very forgettable terminator 4(also has bale)Also not very sure why Nolan gives this Joseph-Gordon levitt(500 days of summer) too much importance since inception.Anne Hathaway is pretty but it seems like she is a jinx to the current(almost perfect) batman series.her stunts are cool but she is fakingly powerful(and her mask really "conceals" her identity).Gary Oldman is someone i didn't knew b4 batman,an amazing actor together with Micheal Caine,Morgan freeman & Liam neeson.Thanks Nolan for utilizing such a stellar cast...TDK,The prestige and batman begins will remain in my all time favorites list.I will let this movie pass and hope Nolan can make a movie out of the dull-black-white- strong-contrast visuals which is too repetitive and makes his style very predictable.as some others mentioned every scene has to be linked with a flashback,every dialog has to be meaningful.Nolan did make a fitting end to the legend but somehow the movie experience was not there.saving private ryan(172mins) and titanic(194mins) were lengthy but definitely entertaining and engrossing.afzp25@hotmail.com
평점: 5	리뷰: When I walked in to the theater for the pre-screening of The Dark Knight rises, I expected to find another Christopher Nolan thriller, with some respectful accents, thanks to Hans Zimmer. What I found? Over the edge entertainment. I got lost in this movie. Being a filmmaker myself I deemed it more than I can probably ever accomplish. It was more worthy than my respect. It was way more than I could expect. An incredible fountain of thought that did a great job "Closing the book" if you will, on Christopher Nolan's long, hard work. This movie is a MUST see. Tom Hardy's portrayal of Bane is really, quite honestly the perfect villain. (He's even quite competitive with the joker in my opinion.) Anne Hathaway is superb. Christian Bale is an incredible "Dark Hero" as always. Gotham is more than worthy of Gary Oldman's loyalty. And Liam Neeson? Well.. He's just Liam Neeson. All of the acting is out of this world. The scripting. The sound effects. The cinematography. The ending..... :). All cast and crew deserve at least the respect of American movie go-ers, for the creation of this true masterpiece. Well done... Truly, well done.
평점: 8	리뷰: This is a boring script that 10 years old boy can write it.Why Christopher Nolan who director dark knight1,2 ,Inception and Memento can accepted this script!?the script is nothing have to explain!The long-winded narrative is useless.Bane,what a pitiful character.One of the main characters but performs like a anonymous minion.The Bane desire isn't strong enough to convince audiences believe Bane has to do what he does!And what is the stupid mask for?? Is it only for cover the actor face and block his performance to the screen?And the Ending!I have two hope One,I hope directer never twists the final boss,If you have to do it.make Gordon be it! Anyway Can use the same explanation believe me !I will more shock!!Two,If the movie make batman die,I will give you extra two points for director's courage!But you didn't
평점: 9	리뷰: Story/Plot: Wonderful as ever. Actors: All primary characters are doing their best...esp Catwoman---Hathaway rocks! Michael Caine owns my respect. Great actor! Shame I really dislike some of Cotillard's performance, she could've done better IMHO. Directing: What's not to like? Audio: This was my biggest pet peeve. I couldn't understand what Bane said clearly.. and the worst dialog was between Bane and Batman. Both sounded awful when combined together. And maybe this was just me, Bane's tone/voice sounded like coming from the mouth of a very wise old man who was talking to his grandkids, while Batman's voice imitate voice of a man who was used to be sexy and husky but along the years developed a bad TBC. Script: Maybe good, can't understand most of the supposedly exciting banters -- in need of subtitles Editing: Shame, another pet peeve, the editing screws the flow of the movie, most of the scenes in the mid part were utterly boring. Especially the banter between batman & cat woman when they were dancing..and the angle was lame, focusing either their faces or the back of their heads for minutes.The ending is the best part of this movie.. I love how Nolan concluded this Trilogy.Certainly the whole plot are not as awesome as in the previous movie, but entertaining nevertheless.
평점: 5	리뷰: Watched "Batman – Dark Knight Rises" just now. It isn't about the cool of the explosions, costumes or hi-tech stuff. Do you guys actually dig a little deeper into the concept behind the movie(s) (Batman series)? In my point of view, I saw a lot of fear, seek of freedom, belief and hope in the movie. Hope - the most powerful element of producing the greatest fear and the most reliable/heart-comforting belief and the most incarcerate of freedom. The world we live in has a lot of various thoughts from people to people. We might have been sharing the day-to-day topics as where we do grocery shopping or what is the gas efficiency of the car. However, when we actually go into the talk of religions, politics and the problems in the society, people would not have shared the same belief anymore. We may have heard, "what a living hell", "what a paradise to live in", this kind of sentences. Yes, there are living hells and paradises. A reference for you to go back and look at this is the background of whose' lives, where did they grow up, how did they grow up, who did they grow up with and what did we grow up for. The privileged ones might think going to decent schools not the best schools is living hell. The less privileged ones going to a normal school and having standard education is a paradise, a dream come true. Do they think back to point of "what if" situation exists? Do you? There are always two or multiple sides of things but just that how you approach them. They, you, I might have been told/designated that we are grown to be something or someone. Hope of your parents, fear of losing the scholarship of college, belief in what you could do, freedom of your own will. Do you have hope, fear, and belief? Do you want to have freedom? These can be handled better if you can balance them at the point where you see – CHOICE. Though, these fractured paragraphs may look a bit abstract and short but I HOPE you guys would like my dumb sharing.
평점: 9	리뷰: The Dark Knight Rises, one of the most hyped films of 2012 was a movie that completely drew the audience into a dark and complex plot. It ties in elements from Batman Begins and its predecessor TDK, but with a completely different attitude and approach. The movie as a whole was to me, pretty disappointing. Though it uses its comic-book roots through the movie, it also completely de-iconizes Batman and proceeds to have a lesser effect on the audience as to who Batman really is. In the ending you have this cop, John Blake reveal his name is Robin, but this tie-in was unnecessary. What's even worse is that when Batman "dies", Bruce chooses to retire. That isn't what Batman would do in the comics. Batman would stay by Gotham and fight every day, not give up the mantle and pretend to be simply dead. This I found very frustrating and it took me a while to sink it in. I personally would say that it does not match the quality of TDK. Though the movie as a whole was entertaining, it did definitely get boring in many places. The acting was fine, and were the visuals but not enough to build it and set the movie as a whole. I expected a lot better than what I had gotten.
평점: 10	리뷰: Just saw the movie in Malaysia even before US! and really liked it.. really nice... Christopher Nolan again does a great job. I must say that it could be shorter in time as there are some cliché US patriotic scenes - I don't mean there shouldn't be but there is more than enough of these scenes in every films - so he could more go with the details and time laps of the whole story. You can totally grasp dramatic flow of the film with nice ups and downs that made many cry and excited in the theater. I can say that I have liked this version of batman more than any others and also considering Nolan's batman movies he has become my favorite super hero. The effects are as good as any other movies these days, but there are so much from social and personal beings to this film rather than other things. you can get more and more under the skin of Bruce Wayne in this film, with him brought to his bony knees a bit more than always! (no spoiler!) Finally I want to say that I cant remember the last time people clapping at the end of a movie till this one...
평점: 1	리뷰: I am a huge batman fan, and for one never thought The Dark Knight could be topped, to keep it short and simple i am just gonna brush lightly on a lot thats already been said.At nearly 3 hours long i never once felt bored or that it was dragging on, the whole movie was riveting start to finish.The acting was fantastic, Tom Hardy as Bane especially struck me, Rivalling what Heath Ledger did with the joker, Also, Anne Hatheaway as cat woman surprised me, i've never been a fan of her as an actor, but wow, she really steals the limelight in a lot of scenes in this movie.The editing was top notch, the music by hanz zimmer fantastic as always, the fighting and action scenes were mind blowing, the gripping last 5 minutes literally had me on the edge of my seat, my only problem is that, now that Christopher Nolan's finished with the batman, is that someone else will come along and destroy all the hard work and excellence hes poured into his recreation, with some cheap "reinvention" FANTASTIC, new favourite movie, expectations blown out of this world for the super hero bar of quality.
평점: 10	리뷰: First off I wanna say I was a fan of the previous batman movies but this, this movie is a disgrace to Batman. The whole movie felt so awkward and too long. Way too long. At least it felt that way. The addition of Catwoman was incredibly dumb. I know they need a new love interest but c'mon. Bane could of been displayed as much more intelligent. At least they didn't make him a complete moron like in that Batman movie way back.Bane is supposed to be Batmans equal, his arch-nemesis. It is not the Joker as many people like to believe but it is Bane. Also this movie is incredibly pretentious. I really did not expect that from this movie. Anyways the movie is bad. Do yourself a favor and DON'T go see it right away. You will have to deal with the crowds of drooling idiots and get ripped off by the movie theater with their 15 dollar bag of popcorn and 12 dollar large drink. Wait for it to come out on DVD or netlix. You might just enjoy yourself a little more. And you can turn it off whenever you want and watch something else when it disappoints you.
평점: 5	리뷰: Greatness is a title not easily won. Not for our cinematic heroes and assuredly not for our filmmakers. To be great, one has to do something utterly unexpected, fresh, or awing. Four years ago, writer-director Christopher Nolan concocted arguably the greatest superhero film of all time, "The Dark Knight." He did this by seeing something in the superhero genre that no one else in Hollywood did: drama worthy enough to take itself seriously. To this day when I watch "The Dark Knight," I see it not as a superhero film, but as a gangster saga as deserving of recognition as any Martin Scorsese masterpiece. Nolan's follow-up with "Inception" cemented the prospect: we have found true greatness in a filmmaker. "The Dark Knight Rises," Christopher Nolan's farewell to the Nolanverse Batman trilogy, is a deepened genre film that surpasses its structured microcosm of being a 'superhero movie' and dives into the far greater challenge of evaluating and observing human nature. The film holds the spot in Nolan's repertoire as being both the director's darkest film as well as his most muzzled. Despite the thematic and human nature darkness, Nolan surprisingly feels like he holds back from showing all he wants to show. I can't think of another film of his that feels shortchanged because of its PG-13 rating. The moments where this becomes most apparent is the allowance given to Bane's character. He is nowhere near as effective of a villain as he should be specifically because he's limited in his forms of physical violence. The rating-pushing menace of the Joker isn't to be found here. This is not the truly bone-splintering, head-crunching savage I expected from Nolan. What I love most about the film is its massive subjects and themes. This is a film about people who are broken, in one way or another. In body. In spirit. In soul. Even Gordon, the best of Gotham, is submerged in moral relativism. Batman's decision to take the fall for Dent's crimes was something that we applauded – we agreed with him. But now, we see that moment wasn't his decision to make. For the man willing to give up his life for Gotham... when the moment came down to it, he didn't trust Gotham enough with the truth. Nolan loves having a major theme in each of his movies, and this one is truth. We see how the truth – or lack thereof – manipulates the lives of Gotham citizens.Christian Bale has never been better as Bruce Wayne/Batman. What Bale does with the role is nothing short of spectacular, and we see that enveloping of a character fans of Bale know he's capable of from "American Psycho" and "The Machinist." He gives the best performance of the movie. Alfred delivers two truly heartrending monologues (one of which rivals my favorite portion of "Good Will Hunting"). Gary Oldman is, as usual, outstanding as Gordon. Joseph Gordon-Levitt was perfect as a cop whose level of observation lets him in on several secrets of the most secretive members of Gotham. I was pleasantly surprised at Anne Hathaway's villainous turn as Selina Kyle/Catwoman. We can tell by Nolan saw something special in her that no one else did. She has a seductive darkness that she can radiate at both subtle and harsh levels. Her motivations might be rather pedestrian, but her Catwoman is still my favorite among the character's incarnations. Tom Hardy emerges from the shadows as Bane. His costume and mask design is alarming, and his sense of presence is imposing. Unfortunately, this Bane has two problems. The first is his monologist nature. I didn't mind his voice, but he talked more than Jeff Bridges in "Iron Man." There's a scene in the film that could have easily been the best Batman scene of all time – and it gets close – if not for Bane continuously monologuing. The second is his methods of killing, which are unimaginative and never savage enough for the character. Nolan's Bane is limited to snapping necks more than anything else. This is disappointing considering this is a villain who has a mesmerizing cold brutality that would rival Anton Chigurh from "No Country for Old Men." As is, I love what Hardy did and how hypnotic/intimidating he could be just by the intensity of his eyes (which were never showcased enough).Ultimately, although it may not be as quotable or ingenious as its predecessor, it is far more emotional resonant. This film's emotional ending controls how you feel about the series as a whole and couldn't have ended better. I love this ending, because it surprised and satisfied me. The climax turns what was before an excellent addition to Nolan's body of work into an iconic, unnerving, and unforgettable experience. So does Nolan surpass himself? Is this a better Batman movie? In a way. That's the problem with a complete comparison: they are totally different creatures, almost different genres. An example would be to compare "The Empire Strikes Back" to "Return of the Jedi" – "Empire" may be the better movie, but "Jedi" is the payoff that makes the whole thing work. With any flaws "The Dark Knight Rises" may have, it's still the perfect payoff and send-off for what is my favorite superhero series of all time. When all is said and done, this is the end of an era. There has never been anything quite like this series, and I doubt there ever will be again. Nolan turned a flight of fancy into something more. He made us look at this crime-fighting man dressed a bat not only as a character existing in realism, but also as a vessel containing a high-class type of drama, emotion, and weight we usually withhold only for more adult fare. This is, without a doubt, the stuff that legends are made of. This is the stuff that legends are made of.
평점: 8	리뷰: I can't tell you how disappointed I was, since Christopher Nolan directed three of my favorite movies -- Inception, The Prestige, and Memento -- as well as the two most recent Batman movies which were really good, and not just "superhero-type" movies, but were really high-quality films in every respect.Another phenomenon is how I could dislike a movie that stars some of my all-time favorite actors -- Michael Caine, Christian Bale, Morgan Freeman -- not to mention other greats like Marion Cotillard, Gary Oldman, plus Joseph Gordon-Levitt and Tom Hardy (who was totally wasted as the villain wearing this mask that obscured all his emotions and, particularly, his voice). Actually almost all of their talents were totally wasted, mainly because the storyline was grossly deficient in so many ways. However it is somewhat entertaining, and good in a few parts (for example, I thought Catwoman was a bright spot), so it's not a bomb or anything.
평점: 9	리뷰: The legend comes to an end in spectacular fashion and although it has its fair share of faults and issues, it still delivers in spades. Christopher Nolan has stayed true to his promise of standing alongside these characters and delivering a beautiful conclusion to wrap up the trilogies characters and their stories and emotional arcs, even if some of the new characters don't quite get the same treatment. The first half of the film is clockwork and introduces new characters, some unnecessary, some not and decides not to introduce major plot points until Bane turns up in major fashion about 45 minutes in. For some this will grind the experience wanting the film to be air tight like TDK but I found it to be necessary points, but it could have been swifter. Christopher Nolan really assures us that he is a director in control and not only manages to shock and twist us and deliver gorgeous and truly exciting spectacle, but really balance a story of emotion and modern society in a frightening and realistic way. The screenplay is bloated and overflowing with ideas and could have done with a lot of tweaking and taken a bit more time on certain things, but it always remembers what is important and strives to finish exceptionally...and it does. What is notably strong is an array of actors across the board delivering truly astonishing performances. Christian Bale pains us with such vulnerability and heartache behind his eyes, Anne Hathaway really sells both Selina Kyle and Catwoman beyond words and is truly sexy, swift and spellbinding, Joseph Gordon-Levitt shows strong will and delivers a very important character so well and Tom Hardy does so much with his facial restriction and has such a chilling delivery behind those brooding eyes that show such force and his physical delivery is brutal. The voice has many moments of greatness with just a few questionable points. Unfortunately the prologue voice is now much worse, but it improves. But who was most striking in the film was a easy best supporting actor turn from Michael Caine. He bought the emotion and really tore deep. The Dark Knight Rises is really quite an astonishing and majestic spectacle that really delivers a wonderful and wholly satisfying conclusion. Just be sure to not try and focus on the many issues and not to compare it to its predecessor.***85/100***
평점: 9	리뷰: TDK is a wonderfully made piece of blockbuster entertainment. The technical side of the film makes it a complete joy to watch. The editing, the cinematography, and most of all... the score. Oh, the Hans Zimmer score! I swear half of this film's power comes from the presence of that hammering, pounding score. It's great.Sure, there's a lot of problems. It's far from a perfect film. There's too many characters meaning there's not enough character development or screen-time for the major players.The film moves so fast that the multitude of plot holes come and go before the audience even gets a chance to know they're there - it's only after leaving the cinema that you have time to reflect on what you've seen and certain plot elements begin to unravel. That's one of the problems with Nolan's films - they throw so much at the audience that perceived small things tend to be glossed over. His surgeon-like perfectionism in other areas of filmmaking cause these issues and plot-holes to stick out a lot more than they would otherwise.Even though the script is overly ambitious and at times loses itself amongst its giant cast of characters and weaving plot strands, it manages to tie up the series in an emotionally satisfying way (despite Nolan's usual sterile atmosphere, I felt TDK was even lit like a hospital).As a piece of entertainment, I thought it outdid BB and TDK. For me personally, TDKR is on the same level as the original Burton films. Regardless of what people think of Burton's Batman, that's a big thing for me.
평점: 9	리뷰: I was lucky enough to see this movie early. I am surprised how little spoilers came out of the previews and other early viewing engagements. I really hope that Nolan will provide an extended cut version of this movie because I feel like there were two or three movies worth of stuff in this final chapter of the Batman trilogy. I agreed with many critics who didn't like this movie and I can see why, but just like any other Nolan movies, this deserve multiple viewings. All the hints and foreshadowing are right in the movie. However, those aren't apparently unless you are some sort of super freaks who don't want to watch the first viewing for what it is worth: story. It is a comic book movie. It's self-important and pretentious, but I didn't care. I loved the every minute of the movie and its turns and twists. I give 9 out of 10. It does define that comic book can be a seriously fun movie if anything else. There seem to be too many deus ex machine moments, but I didn't care. I loved the Nolan trilogy and I enjoyed it immensely. Christian Bale's batman, in my mind, is the best batman movie ever made. Cat woman should have more screen times. And Miranda does deserve better character development. All I know is that I will be watching this movie at least two more times with two different opinionated nerds and I am sure they will love and hate this movie for what it is: it's a Gorraham Comic Book Movie.For your information, I watched the regular version. I will be watching two more IMAX versions and gonna see if they feel different.
평점: 8	리뷰: The Dark Knight Rises! Christopher Nolan knows how to do an entrance. Think Dark Knight and now this - yeah he does. Nolan also does character development better than anyone who has ever done a superhero movie. Even the most passionate B-grade-one-liner-lover can't doubt that. Chris and his brother (Jonathan) gel well - it's a mixture of true literary writing and a brilliant director's eye. It's like a symphony... you'll have the cello keeping beat and building and then the violin breaking out into a solo and bringing it to a crescendo.It's easy to create a bad guy who seems unable to defeat... it's hard to create a three dimensional protagonist who gives you enough to chew on for three installments. Bale plays Batman well, and Wayne perfectly. I know Nolan uses the same actors all the time (soon his extras will be repeat offenders) but Bale is a lock. And the character development here is brilliant. But as someone with a reconstructed knee I did look at Wayne at the beginning with his bad leg and rolled my eyes thinking, if you had no cartilage in your knee then you just couldn't do that stuff... but I guess that isn't the most unbelievable thing about the movie :P. I can roll with it.Interesting to see Wayne 8 years on as the modern Howard Hughes recluse! Maybe we saw it coming after The Dark Knight - with his lady and Batman gone his life was gone. And Catwoman made everything intriguing at the start... but for me she paled after that.I said Nolan does character development well... and he does... but Catwoman was like fat-free ice cream. I can't blame Hathaway, she did all she could with the part. But for me Catwoman didn't HAVE to be in the movie and if I feel that about a character then I very rarely like them. She was somewhat... insignificant. Yeah she had some cool moves I suppose and she plays a part in the ending (but I won't spoil it).The script - love it. He managed to keep the base superhero one liners in there, while also spicing things up with great conversations, philosophical ideas and political ideology. He likes to have an anarchist dig, doesn't he? This one reminded me of the uprisings in Russia between 1918-1921 and the Eastern Europe uprisings in the 80s-90s. I don't think Nolan does this poorly but it wasn't as good as the point Joker was trying to get across in the last flick. Have a watch and decide. That brings me to Bane...What an entrance. And then Bane builds... his moves... his aggression... his background... it just sweeps you off your feet. And I started to think, this could be as good as Joker! But then it changes (I wont reveal it). Glorified bodyguard. Enough said. :( ... he should have been so much more. However I do like how Nolan carefully plans things so that you just don't see twists coming! The tie in between the first movie and the last worked. It's intriguing and as a famous film guru said, if you let the audience add 2+2 and get 4 then they'll love you. What he is saying is that if the audience feels they can put the pieces together then they'll love your movie. It flatters the ego ;) One of the reasons I want to watch it again is for the machinery! I remember reading in the Empire magazine about the machinery and all the work that was put in... it paid off! That bike looks even better than last time, I could watch those wheels flip all day. The 'Bat' is wicked! But there was no real bat-mobile for this one... the streak has ended! Every movie had the black bat-mobile chase and now it's ended. Ended in style of course :P I'm not a rev head but that stuff was awesome.One of my action movie die-hard mates says it was too unrealistic (and yet he watches Crocasaurus vs Sharktapus?!) and despite his hypocrisy he may have a semi-true point. It does get to the point in the movie where you take a deep breath and think, what else you want to throw in there?? But it's still better planned than other movies... and we can suspend our belief for a few hours.It felt very long. Maybe cause the story time was long? And the Bruce Wayne build up was drawn out? It did feel long... but then again there was 20,000 ads before it started. I need to remind myself not to go to an opening night blockbuster again for that reason. I'm willing to let Nolan take his time to finish though since apparently it is his last Batman. :'( I am amazed at how well minor characters are acted and developed. Gordon, Fox and Alfred are wonderful. Three fantastic actors who don't mind playing a smaller (but still significant) part to put together a great movie. Feels like you have to have this for a movie to become a classic in its genre.Visually it was stunning. I don't know how they collapse a football stadium or bridges quite like that - and my mind will never understand it. So I'll just go "woahhhhhh" with the others! I can't believe one day people will see that and chuckle! What a movie. It's not as good as Dark Knight but will there ever be a superhero movie to match it?? If Bane kept developing and didn't have to fade into oblivion then it might have done more for me. And if Gotham didn't turn into a silly "war" then I probably would have dug it more. And for the love of God please kill Scarecrow!!!! Oh I almost forgot, smooth line with introducing Robin at the end.Good acting. Great script. Tremendous cinematography.9/10
평점: 7	리뷰: Mr Nolan has once again exceeded our expectations. The Dark Knight Rises while less complex the it's predecessor sort of lacks the action element Batman Begins and the Dark Knight had.TDKR is a very well told story, it sort of humanizes Batman/Bruce Wayne in a way that hasn't exactly been told before and just like before Christian Bale does not fail to meet our expectations in the acting department.Bane was exceptional as the main villain it was actually nice to see a so called "less famous" villain in the sense then it would have been if Nolan put in the Riddler or Penguin but I'm glad Tom Hardy gave it his best he really blew me away. Anne Hathaway as Catwoman was stunning but she was different from her comic book counterpart in just a few small ways i wont spoil anything for any one so no worries.Chris Nolan did with Batman what Sam Raimi did with Spiderman he made the character well liked and it pains us to have this franchise end but I'm glad it went out with a big bang well done Mr Nolan
평점: 10	리뷰: If i am writing review no 111(which is the nelson's no by the way) there has to be a reason especially when i have so many other things to do! Yeah...it's that good.I went to see The Dark Knight Returns assuming that nothing can beat the last Dark Knight but somewhere down my heart,i was anticipating my utter failure again(to my pleasure). It turned out to be true. This picture truly is the humble reminder of living greatness in the form of Christopher Nolan. Either you can live a lifetime of a scholar by reading thousands of books or you can live a lifetime watching or i should rather say experiencing greatness.One thing which i can't cease to notice is that how grotesque the scenes of the collapse of Gotham were and how brilliantly he managed to encapsulate the desolated spirit of the people of the city. Some visuals were breathtaking and nerve chilling. To be honest,you truly start feeling somewhere in the middle of the movie that the Dark Knight won't rise. Since i haven't read the graphic novel so i thought so,but the part where he comes out of the well is one hell of a scene! There are moments,where you can just marvel at the genius of the director and this movie will provide you hundreds of such moments.I thought it would have its share of dull moments as its a long movie but i was proved wrong again.As fantastic as Nolan's concept itself is, The Dark Knight Returns truly belongs to the actors performing the difficult task of playing protagonists within the tragedy. Their individual talents, as well as diverse personalities, shine through to make the story poignant and the emotions so real that I found myself in awe in one instant, only to replace the admiration with shock in the next.Photography was brilliant especially when the city came under siege during the football match.Finally the bottom line is you just cannot judge greatness.A piece of art is called great not just due to the recognition it gets at its profane stage but finally when it is measured in its totality,when its message outshines the concoctions which made that piece invaluable.The Dark Knight Returns is one such movie. Christopher Nolan is a revolutionary and i can say with pride in my eyes that i lived in an era,which had people like Nolan who were instrumental in giving us such blaze of glory that we forget that the world in which we live has a Batman in real or just in books! 10 on 10.
평점: 10	리뷰: This is one of the all-time great films. The story, the screenplay, the soundtrack, the acting, the directing, the stunts, the effects---all winners!It's the story and its telling that give TDKR a specialness that the other Christopher Nolan Bat movies didn't have. The others had bombast and standout performances, but TDKR has more heart and soul. Christian Bale as Bruce Wayne/Batman is heroic, to be sure, but is presented here as more human and more vulnerable (in numerous ways). His transition from a limping, Howard Hughes type recluse back to Bat mode sets the film in motion.Nolan and Nolan (director and co-writer Christopher and his co-writer brother Jonathan) give memorable lines to several of the key players. Michael Caine as Alfred is in tears as he advises Wayne not to go back into the Bat suit. Joseph Gordon-Levitt as police officer John Blake, a longtime Wayne admirer, tells Wayne his emotional story of life in an orphanage. Gary Oldman as Commissioner Gordon hesitates to tell the truth about Batman, lest he mar the legacy of Harvey Dent.The ladies are better in this Bat movie. Anne Hathaway as Selina Kay/Catwoman is a beguiling mix of evil and good. Plus, she looks terrific in the leather jumpsuit. Marion Cotillard as Wayne Enterprises board member Miranda Tate shares a romantic interlude with Bruce Wayne and is a key character in significant plot points.Tom Hardy is evil incarnate as Bane, the terrorist who brings fear and havoc to Gotham. His mask and haunting voice bring to mind classic bad guy Darth Vader. Bane's violent acts will prompt recollections of NYC's 9/11 terrorist attacks. His band of thugs commandeers certain defense assets to do harm to Gotham and its defenders.If this is a movie you plan to see, get into your movie house sooner rather than later. TDKR has content you want to enjoy on the big screen (IMAX, preferably) instead of a small screen. This review contains no spoilers, but others will. Be careful monitoring online forums and social media feeds, so as not to be burned by those who tell too much."The Dark Knight Rises" has iconic scenes and dialogue that will endure in my personal movie memory scrapbook for a long time. Expect multiple awards nominations and wins at year's end. The movie adds another notch to Christopher Nolan's reputation as one of our great movie storytellers. Like his "Inception," TDKR is a movie to be enjoyed many times over. But don't wait for the DVD or Blu-Ray. Witness true greatness at a theater near you ASAP.
평점: 8	리뷰: The Best Movie EVER!!!! The Dark Knight Rises!!!!!!!!!! I'm highly expected and totally satisfied after watching this!!!!! Someone says that The Dark Knight is better. They think that Heather Ledger played Joker so well in the movie and he surely did!!!!!!Heather Ledger made Joker look like a totally psycho! But in my opinion, I prefer The Dark Knight Rises more!!! Maybe Tom Hardy who played the Batman's biggest competitor, Bane, didn't act as good as Heath Ledger, but I think this is Tom Hardy's best performance so far! In the movie, Hardy made himself look like a devil and he really did a great job!!!!! Anne Hathaway who played the cat woman is pretty good too!!! So SEXY AND SUPER HOT!!!!! The greatest director, Christopher Nolan, ends the Batman series with a GRANG FINALE!!! U will never know what is going to happened during the movie, also it comes with a surprising end!!! When the movie ended, all I could think was one word SHOCKED!!!!! I think the Batman series can almost compare with the Godfather series!!!! The Dark Knight Rises is not only a super good movie, Christopher Nolan has made it become a AMAZING work of art!!!!!!!! Guys, go to the theater and enjoy this movie!!!!!! U will never regret it!!!!!!!!!
평점: 9	리뷰: I went to a private screening of this movie because I won the "Rule the Streets with Dew" promotion from Mountain Dew, and I have to say, it's awesome. Just make sure you've seen the first two in the series, otherwise IT WILL BE CONFUSING!!! The acting is superb, even Anne Hathaway as Catwoman. It is very emotionally based and WILL leave you on the edge of your seat. My only gripe is that there are some very cliché moments, which are somewhat predictable. All in all, it doesn't come to beating "The Dark Knight," (Mostly because of Heath Ledger)but is excellent in almost everyway, with a great storyline. See it. You won't be disappointed.
평점: 8	리뷰: First the good news. Let me begin by explaining what I liked in this film. This is a very fine movie - no doubt. And it has some incredible cast of actors associated with it, who make it work despite the somewhat cartoonish premise. Christian Bale is simply phenomenal, Anne Hathaway stood out of the other cast of characters by tackling a role that could have easily been hammed up. And Joseph Gordon Levitt is perfectly cast as the subdued but principled cop Blake. There are also a few scenes in the movie that really blow you away, like the return of Batman after 8 years in the streets of Gotham. There are loose ends though. A lot of them. And they made me give this film a rating of "Good. But not great"First, and foremost - Bane. I had no problems with understanding his dialogues. I however had a lot of difficulty in coming to terms with his plan. What exactly was he feeling? Was he a criminal mastermind, or just a "dog chasing after cars"? There were a couple of moments (the stadium and prison break scenes comes to mind) where Tom Hardy literally hammed it up like anything. Second - Gordon. His character is not as roundly developed as in the other 2 films. He is relegated to a mere sidekick in the later half of the film. Third - Daylight. It makes Batman look like a mad man in a cape. The bulk of the film's action scenes happen in broad daylight. Maybe there is some symbolism here about the rise of Batman, but it makes him look - I don't know - small, battered, thin and a little crazy. Fourth - the Trailers. I think the golden rule for any film's trailer should be to leave out the final third of the movie from the trailers. That way, the audience actually sits back and thinks - "ok. All the scenes from the trailer have gone by. Whatever happens now is uncharted territory". Curiosity stays alive. In this film, I kept remembering - oh they haven't shown that one scene yet. And I could easily guess what was going to happen five minutes later. There is literally no "money shot" from the film that has not already been showed in the theatrical trailers. Not one dialog of Bane that stands out apart from the ones that have been streaming on youtube for months now. Finally, the action scenes. In one word - underwhelming. Be it the one to one fight scenes in the climax, or the truck chase. It was simply frustrating to see such an awesome soundtrack get wasted. Christopher Nolan has handled great action scenes in the past. I don't know what went wrong here. Maybe the editor is to blame?Now I sound like I am cribbing. I am not. This movie must be seen in the theaters. The way it is wrapped up in the final five minutes is immensely satisfying. There is a lot of talent in this film. But as I said - It is good. Not great.
평점: 7	리뷰: The Godfather series fumbled on the third one, Sam Raimi disappointed in the third Spiderman. LOTR perhaps was one of select few movie trilogies which managed to impress throughout. Three is the tricky number and The Dark Knight Rises aspires to pull it off with panache.Set 8 years after the events of the last movie, it picks up after peace has descended on Gotham City and Batman has retired. But in the words of Selina Kyle: "There is a storm coming". Enter Bane and havoc reigns in Gotham City. Batman is forced to come out of retirement and face the demons, both - the ones roaming outside and the ones buried inside.Naming the movie The Dark Knight Rises was a bold step in my opinion. It will constantly remind the people that this is a follow up to the really great The Dark Knight. Expectations will be high. And to a very large extent, Chris Nolan delivers.The first half of the movie is a tad bit slow and builds up characters, both old and new. The second half moves into the execution of Bane's plans for Gotham and once the excitement picks up it refuses to let you down. I caught myself with an open mouth, goosebumps, edge of the seat etc at various points in the family.The storyline is riveting and the plan this time is much grander than the The Dark Knight. It is all very exciting to watch it all unfold, culminating into a memorable climax. We explore characters in depth and yet do not feel like that there are too many dull moments. The performances are really good, I especially liked Joseph Gordon-Levitt's performance as a hot headed cop. The others in the cast: Christian Bale, Michael Caine, Gary Oldman, Morgan Freeman are pros and deliver their best, as is expected of them. Tom Hardy delivers a very physical performance and perhaps falls just slightly short of the very entertaining Joker of Heath Ledger. Anne Hathway is impressive in a physically demanding role and looks every bit convincing as the femme fatale.Nolan goes for grand here, and you can see that in the set design, the storyline, the screenplay everything. Hans Zimmer delivers another brilliant score. You cannot help chanting "Deshi Bashara" under your breath along with the film.The only shortcoming is the slower first half and some(very few) of Bane's dialogues not being quite clear.
평점: 10	리뷰: Christopher Nolan's "The Dark Knight Rises" is a mainstream accomplishment, a skillfully crafted, ambitious superhero movie that adds more dimension to the superhero genre. Here is the epic (2 and 3/4 hours!) conclusion to a most beloved trilogy that forever changed the genre that it was type-casted in.I really have to admire Christian Bale's dedication to the role. At times he is weak, lacking confidence, and shrouded in gloom. At other times (in later scenes involving a prison) his eyes show the painful return to his self-determination and perseverance. Yes his Batman no doubt is still the best interpretation of the character, but here he is more human, less growly and more prone to weakness than ever before. Here, we first see Bruce Wayne as a single, rich hermit with a limp in one leg, aided only by his loyal butler Alfred (Michael Caine in his most emotional performance of the trilogy). Caine may get a supporting actor nomination for this movie.It's been eight years since he took the rep for Harvey Dent's crimes - but Wayne/Batman soon faces a new threat - the towering, ominous terrorist Bane (Tom Hardy in a remarkably gripping performance and an empowering presence) who threatens to destroy Gotham city. Hardy is ruthlessly terrific as Bane, true to the spirit of the comics, as he manages to instill fear in all of Gotham. It would be unfair to compare him to Heath Ledger's pitch perfect portrayal of the Joker, but these are two completely different characters. Whereas the Joker aims for a battle of psychological wits between Batman, Bane aspires just to destroy Bruce Wayne and Gotham.There is a pervasive sense of haunting dread and gloom throughout the movie, especially throughout the first 2 hours and scenes with Bane, this is achieved not just by Nolan's writing/directing but also to cinematographer Wally Pfister who shoots the film in a gloomy hue throughout, and composer Hans Zimmer's great, dark orchestral score. Zimmer probably has outdone himself in the trilogy so far, especially with Bane's ominous one-chord theme.But the last 30 minutes contains nothing but great, sometimes spectacular action sequences and stunts which segues in with the story (a rarity) and which all leads to an emotionally satisfying conclusion to the trilogy. The stunts are so well done, they clearly show they were all done using practical effects instead of CGI (with the probable exception of the stadium scene and scenes involving "the Bat" and the "Bat-cycle"... which still look great). Lee Smith's crisp editing and Pfister's cinematography cuts the action at a perfect clip while making the somber moments absorbing.Two love interests are introduced - Selina Kyle (Anne Hathaway, looking mesmerizingly beautiful while giving a devilishly cunning performance), a specialized thief/con-woman who is not what she seems, and Miranda Tate (Marion Cottilard) who provides a more gentler shade for the lonely, love-lorn Bruce to rely on, or does he? Young cop John Blake (Joseph Gordon-Levitt) serves as a somewhat younger shadow of Bruce, and he also shows the same selfless courage at the climax of the movie where he tries to save some kids from an orphanage. Scenes involving Commissioner Gordon (Gary Oldman) and Lucius Fox (Morgan Freeman) are not particularly notable, but at the very least every one of these characters are still very active in the film's climax.Its the screen writing which suffers slightly. While clearly ambitious and detailed, the screenplay lacks some depth from which the previous film succeeded, and seems to return to the roots of "Batman Begins", focusing more on comic book origins - combining with the sombre, ultra- realistic tone of "The Dark Knight". For the most part, it gels nicely. There's also some nice character development for Bruce and Alfred, where they're relationship gets strained to the fullest. Some twists at the end that would arouse comic-book fans too. However, Bane's full character should have been expanded upon - yes, even though the film is nearly 3 hours long, it's not really long enough. Bane's and Selina's characters lack in development and they come across as near-two dimensional. It's clear Nolan bit off a bit more than he can chew here, since he was trying his best to outdo his previous effort. No faulting the actors though.For all of its screen writing flaws though, "The Dark Knight Rises" is a mainstream triumph, putting new levels of fear and dread in a superhero movie not seen before its own predecessor. Nolan's vision for the character shines through completely and makes this trilogy rightfully stand out as "The Godfather" of superhero films. This entry may not be as brilliant as its predecessor, but it is still nevertheless great, sort of excellent really, and hats off to Nolan, Bale, Hardy and the rest of the cast and crew, past and present, for delivering the truest interpretation of the Batman character that has never been, and very likely in the future, never will be seen again. Kudos to you, Christopher Nolan.Overall rating: 86%P.S.: My review for "The Dark Knight" (2008) four years ago is basically a teenage me kissing the behind of the film, with me calling it a masterpiece and editing the review on IMDb so much until they won't allow me to edit/review it anymore. Looking back, I probably shouldn't have been so enthusiastic and made myself look like a rabid fanboy; it isn't a masterpiece, but nonetheless still an excellent film and the pinnacle of the superhero film genre.EDIT: My sincere condolences to the victims and their family and friends of the Aurora shooting tragedy. This was a real random, cruel and senseless act of violence.
평점: 8	리뷰: Amazing! This movie displays a level of exceptional well direction by the one-of-a-kind Christopher Nolan. This movie displays and results in showing an action and thrilling adventure story portrayed in the direction, acting, and production of the entire cast. This displays their extreme dedication to the progression and conclusion to the end of this incredible trilogy. Christian Bale, the incredible Dark Knight Batman with his deep voice-the man behind the mask shows he is no ordinary actor displaying amazing emotions. Tom Hardy may not have the talent to capture the emotions of Heath Legder as the incredible Joker, but also displays incredible skills in his acting as the evil Bane. The, talent of Catwomen, Anne Hathaway is well displayed playing both the romantic interest of Batman/wealthy Bruce Wanye and a disturbed young women attracted to the shadows of the dark and evil world alongside main villain Bane. Both the main cast and the supporting cast have done and incredible job. A supporting actor who stood out in his role was Gary Oldman. In his repeated role coming back for the end of the trilogy he display exceptional acting skill and talent to the movie screen. In conclusion this is a great and amazing movie which will be considered one of best of 2012 if not so the best. 10 of 10 should tell you enough, Grab your cape and your mask and go see the end of the gripping trilogy-The Dark Knight Rises!
평점: 10	리뷰: This may be the best movie I've seen so far in 2012.Sure,it did not surpass 'The Dark Knight',but it came close to it and definitely gave us a satisfying end to this amazing saga.The story was just flawless as it flows throughout the movie making you pumped up every single scene.The plot is solid with amazing characters which will not disappoint you.Tom Hardy played an amazing role as Bane..And as usual,Christian Bale outshines himself as he rises as the BEST Batman ever.James Gordon Levitt is outstanding in his role without overshadowing himself with the rest of the cast. Many may complain about Anne Hatheway as Catwoman but she's done a good job as Catwoman.Overall,this movie gave us satisfying ending.A one of a kind superhero movie that gives you an amazing trilogy.All I can say now is THANK YOU CHRISTOPHER NOLAN!! My rating 10/10

영화제목: The Hunger Games
평점: 10	리뷰: Okay, you may not believe me, or even call me a simple liar, but I was brought by some friends of mine to a special screening of "The Hunger Games" in an almost-hidden Mondoplex here in Hawaii. I read the books and I saw the trailer, I thought it looked a little boring, but then...I saw the movie. TO be honest, I wanted to see it twice. It is certainly the 2nd. best movie I've ever seen in my life! The acting was superb, realistic and meagerly emotional. The fights were, ha-ha, super violent and action-packed and I'll tell you: THERE WILL BE BLOOD! Yet, this is an awesome movie, with lots of special effects and lots of combat sequences, that just kept me on the border of my seat. Really, 9.9/10. It is really 142 mins. long but you will be unprepared for this masterpiece and you will be entertaine whatsoever!We literally have a simple winner. THE HUNGER GAMES is one of the most irresistible, epic, beautiful, suspenseful and iconic masterpiece that will surely not let you down at any point! Instead of watching another cheesy vampire/human romance and investing money on the same, old crap of the usuality, go for this!

영화제목: Captain America: Civil War
평점: 8	리뷰: Hi,  I saw civil war and I come with good news; it's AWESOME!  Im not gonna spoil one single thing, since this movie should be seen by  only the two trailers you probably saw. Don't watch any tvspots after  the second trailer or whatever!  Im gonna touch a few aspects and rate them.  Acting: Of course it's amazing. The characters we were waiting for were  black panther and of course SPIDERMAN! Both were done amazing!  Spiderman has a bigger role than I personally expected and it's done  with grace. Love it. Black Panther was such a good character with great  motivation why he's doing what he's doing. The acting per usual from  the other characters were great! 10/10  Story: Now where another (let's leave it) unnamed superhero movie  failed this year, and no I'm not talking about dead-pool.., was the  story. Now this story is what I expected from the other unnamed  superhero movie. I didn't know what side I wanted to be on; cap's or  iron man's. I was so conflicted and even while they're fighting you  don't know who to root for. The villain in this movie felt a bit, not  really out of place, but unnecessary in my opinion. But Marvel always  struggles to find a good fleshed out villain except for Loki & kingpin  in the series. 8/10   Action/Cinematography: O boy..If you're an action freak you will love  this, if you're a comic book fan.. you're gonna LIVE these amazing  action set pieces. The much anticipated airport scene is AMAZING.  You've seen nothing, literally nothing of the amazing action that will  bestow upon you guys. The airport scene is in complete imax and has a  runtime of around 17 minutes. Just let that sink in! The Russo brothers  know how to create great action and film it great as well. I can go on  record and say this is by far the best superhero action scenes ever.  20/10.   Verdict: Was it a perfect movie? No. But for me as a fan it came darn  close. The only thing that bothered me were the villains, well actually  one of the few that are in there.   Was it better than... Batman v superman.. yes by far. I mean we're in a  comic book movie year, so we might as well compare it. Batman v  superman lacked in a lot of places and civil war just did it better.  Just the conflict in ideologies made it so much more believable why the  characters fought and because this whole story arc is happening now  after 2 cross over movies, 3 iron movies and 2 cap movies.. the stakes  are so incredibly high. I tried to compare dead-pool with it as well,  but it's a different movie in terms of it being a solo movie and  setting something up, instead of showing a conflict between good and  good instead of good and evil.   9 out of 10! Near Perfect movie for the fans(9.5) and a good solid  action film for the general movie go-ers(9)
평점: 10	리뷰: Checkmate, haters. And sorry, it's just not your year. I have seen this movie, but I won't mention a single spoiler here. (If you guys want proof, you can PM me and I'll tell you how the movie ends and the after credits). The reason I'm really writing this review is that I KNOW THERE WILL BE BIASED PEOPLE HERE WHO'LL WRITE THAT BVS IS BETTER and this is trash, etc, etc. Well, just see this movie and judge for yourself. Speaking briefly of the movie, it is an emotional roller coaster with an absolutely beautiful end. Spidey had a satisfying screen time. As for the acting, by the time the movie ended, I was a happy man. Russov's are handling Infinity War, and after watching this movie, how they did justice to characters, I'll not worry. A movie we wanted as well as deserve.
평점: 10	리뷰: Russo Brothers did an amazing job with this film. I loved every scene in this film.The action is amazing,its good to see Chris Evans again as Capitan America,Robert , well he is tony stark and i actually loved him this film more than in his own movies. Black Panther, Antman y Spiderman, they are just amazing and interesting characters in the film. Visual effects are amazing and the battles are really good. I thought that marvel will never do a very good movie like it was winter soldier, but i was wrong, i was totally wrong I don't like to compare, but i enjoy this film more than batman v superman. It's obviously that it is not perfect, that's sure but for me this is the best marvel movie, and i cant wait for the infinity war, the MCU is in good hands with the Russo brothers
평점: 9	리뷰: The first film was about giving Steve the opportunity to be the hero he was born to be. The Avengers gave him the chance to matter in the modern era. Winter Soldier gave him true character depth and turmoil that we never saw in those first two installments. Now, we get to see Steve turn the corner and add to the depth but not in ways anyone will expect.It was easier in the 1940's to judge right and wrong. Now, it's more difficult to gauge how to deal with the events we've seen in the previous MCU films. Threats are different and some have been engineered by those seeking to do good. The debate on how to handle them is genuinely intriguing and it all serves as a wonderful foundation to the overall story. How far to take precautionary measures? Who is responsible and who oversees whom? For a man who fought to serve with all his life, how much is too much? Add to this Steve being stoic and not wanting to burden anyone with his struggles concerning Bucky Barnes. It's exactly what a man from that era would do and one that is loyal to a friend he's with "until the end of the line." That turmoil and moral self independence mixed with a "never give up" attitude is what makes the character so dynamic and interesting but it's also the perfect base to the conflict in this movie. Thus as we've all seen in the trailers, Tony wants to "punch him in his perfect teeth" and do more than that actually. Steve does struggle and he does connect with people and show vulnerability, which leads many true heroes to side with him. Yet, Tony has valid and noble points as well. All this grounds the film and makes everything more interesting.All the characters used in this film work amazingly well. The ones we've seen before are fleshed out more. EVERY character is given at least one scene to shine. I love the Black Panther here and what is seen establishes him perfectly. Spider-Man really is as great as everyone has been saying. The Falcon is an absolute ace. Sam's friendship proves to be invaluable. The Scarlet Witch is a true surprise. I didn't think she would play this large of a role. Again, EVERYONE is used intelligently and superbly. No one feels show-horned or sandwiched in to the film. The story comes first and everyone fits.I really loved the hard-edged, physical action. They took what was great in the last film and made it even better. Not only is it hard-edged but adding more diverse powers and characters means the action is as spectacular as it gets. It exactly what these characters should be depicted doing and it's literally a comic book come to life in the best way possible. The action is brutal yet graceful and everything works tremendously well. The Russos have it down. Cap isn't just a guy who was given the ability of speed and enhanced strength. He's been training and his enhanced mind makes him just as dangerous as his muscles. His training and ability make him VERY dangerous and the movie continues to show that in stupendous ways. The fights in this movie are the most impactful that I've EVER seem. The airport showdown will go down in history. Seriously, the stuff of instant classic legend.Overall, a perfect sequel that follows in the footsteps of the best the genre has ever seen and one of the best adventure movies that I have ever seen.
평점: 2	리뷰: The movie is directed by the Russo Brothers they have done a great adaptation of the comic book with powerful sequences of action, the movie is on pair of Winter Soldier.
평점: 10	리뷰: It is by no means a great film. It's just solid, good fun. The fantastic action sequences were well shot, but other than that the cinematography was lacking. At times, I felt the framing and color palette made the film look like something that was made for television.The score for the film is lacking as well, especially for a film of this magnitude. It would have been nice to stray away from the generic, somewhat flat score, and instead have something more befitting of the films scale. The score at times undercut the epicness of what was transpiring on screen, which was quite jarring for me. The acting was fantastic. Robert Downey Jr. in particular gives his best performance as Stark to date. And the writing for his character is quite fantastic as well. I think it's fair to say I'm Team Iron Man.It's impossible to hate this film or call it terrible. I would gladly recommend this film to anyone, though I'd tell them to keep their expectations in check. Ultimately, I think this is a film that won't age too well, in the same way as The Avengers (2012). That film was hailed as one of the best films ever when it was released, rated above 9 on IMDb and with a very good Rotten Tomatoes rating. But as time went on, and people judged it for it's cinematic elements rather than the gimmick of seeing those characters on screen for the first time, the perception of the film changed. I think the same should happen with Civil War, because it's more reliant on the spectacle rather than it's cinematic quality.
평점: 10	리뷰: I loved every second of Captain America: Civil War. Everything was so well put and the story and plot worked very smoothly. This movie is everything Batman V. Superman should've been. Every character fit right and at no point did the movie feel crammed with superheroes. In my opinion, the two heroes that stole the show was Spider-Man and black panther. They got both of these characters right especially black panther. As much as I loved Batman V. Superman, I have to give this movie more credit. The Russo brothers did not disappoint and they delivered another marvel masterpiece just like the winter soldier. This movie was very good and I plan on seeing it again when it comes out to all theaters and maybe a couple more times! This movie made me very excited to see what comes next in the MCU.
평점: 9	리뷰: Amazing, amazing film, features new characters naturally as if they were always there. Clash between the avengers is sensational, with strong arguments on both sides and the two right sides. Spider Man and Black Panther very well presented, has good appearances and are introduced naturally different from BvS pushing new characters unnaturally some very superficially hard not to compare these two films unfortunately ... Marvel knows how to use dark colors and fun at times suitable film. amazing America captain as ever, Iron Man expectable, spiderman great the best. Incredible one of the best films of Marvel, Russian brothers showing once again its capacity and this time with a thicker film and more characters weight was a perfect test for the next avengers they will be ahead, credibility and trust in their work was fully guaranteed after this film. Finally, surprising and great movie worth much follow that it is one of the best films of Marvel Studios.
평점: 10	리뷰: I was one of the few fortunate people who got to watch this early. This movie was everything i hoped Civil War to be. It was funny, got you emotionally involved and Action Packed. Yes! the action is done brilliantly. The best I've ever seen in a comic book movie. Maybe one of the best in movies in general. This movie is not your average comic book good vs evil movie. It's much of a clash between ideologies which was really interesting to see. I also have to talk about how Spiderman was portrayed in this movie. I really liked him. As expected he was not the focus of the movie. However, he was not just a cameo either. The few scenes he was in the movie was enough to like him. If i have to point out flaws there is hardly any. Marvel is almost perfect. Almost. I do have one problem with the movie. It was the main villain. Like other marvel villain, this villain just didn't work for me. The movie would have done fine even without the villain. It feels like he was just there because ...he was just there!. But it's not a deal breaker people!! The story isn't about the villain. It's about Civil War. And you're gonna get it.. I can't recommend this movie enough. Believe me guys, the 1 star reviews are all from Marvel haters. They just can't accept the fact that Civil War was a great move. Most of those reviewers probably haven't even watched the movie. Ignore the haters and watch the movie. You won't be disapppointed.
평점: 10	리뷰: CAPTAIN America: CIVIL WAR is the best Marvel movie yet. It's superhero conflict done right! Spectacular action sequences, it's well thought out, it's got nicely placed humor here and there, the plot and the motivations make sense, all the characters have fair share amount of screen time, and may I just say that the new Spider-Man is totally awesome! Even if you didn't grow up reading comic books, you will geek out every step of the way. This film is every bit as fun as 2012's "The Avengers." One of the many brilliant things that Marvel's Kevin Feige and his creative team and writers and directors did is that they already mapped out Marvel Cinematic Universe, they already know what A through Z will be and how to connect the dots in between. And so when Secretary of State Thaddeus Ross (William Hurt) shows the Avengers the disastrous consequences of their saving-the-world efforts, we the audience feel the impact as well because we remember those individual movies which lead up to this installment, they're still fresh in our memories. And in CAPTAIN America: CIVIL WAR, the repercussion of Cap vs. The Winter Soldier continues to be force that drives the story forward, because it's actually more layered than we think.I know what you're going to ask me. What do I think of the new Spider-Man? Fair enough. Before we get to that, let me just say that my initial concerns that this movie would end up just being some kind of Avengers 2.5 instead of a Cap movie, because of the inclusion of so many characters, my initial concerns subside because again, by this time, Marvel already knows what they're doing, they know how to balance fun and intense action, they know that they have to showcase the skills and traits of each character instead of applying one size fits all. Screenwriters Christopher Markus, Stephen McFeely with directors Anthony Russo and Joe Russo are all master storytellers. OK.. so Spider-Man. He's alright. I'm kidding. He's awesome! And I truly mean that. Actor Tom Holland is perfect in this role. No offense to Tobey Maguire and Andrew Garfield, but Holland's version is the Spidey that we the fans have been anticipating and I'm not talking just about his wise-cracking sarcasm, Holland owns it, he embodies it, he has some of the coolest lines in this film. And this whole idea of picking up the character from the middle and putting him into the mix, is absolutely brilliant because Spider-Man's time in CAPTAIN America: CIVIL WAR is as significant and as scene-stealing as Quicksilver was in "X-Men: Days Of Future Past," he's the one most fans will talk about long after this movie's done.Another great addition is Chadwick Boseman as Black Panther, and wait till you get a load of the surprise that Ant-Man (Paul Rudd) will have for you in the well-choreographed airport scene which is the part where both teams ultimately clash. That said, there is an underlying secret, there is a common enemy so smart that he doesn't even have to get his hands dirty, that's how clever this script is, because it's more than just about Sokovia accords or putting superheroes in check, and the reason the characters clash makes sense, it's more than just about a simple payback. That ability to keep itself fresh at every turn is one of the many, many strengths of CAPTAIN America: CIVIL WAR. The story ends with you wondering if your favorite heroes would ever join forces again when a greater threat like Thanos finally comes to town. What an outstanding film with great performances across the board. In this year where Daredevil is fighting Punisher on TV, Superman is fighting Batman on the big screen and apparently Charlize Theron's Ravenna is fighting Emily Blunt's Freya in "The Huntsman: Winter's War,"... CAPTAIN America: CIVIL WAR trumps all.-- Rama's Screen --
평점: 10	리뷰: Yeah this film one of the best films ever and i do i can watch right describe and lost in this film got best this soon not repeat. The story of the film is okay take a deep breath and is scary and backed film all right is heavy and you absorption and you in to see the film could not move. Directing the film also all right is great and the overture magnetized. actors game okay normal and attractive body man will tremble as especially Tom Holland House. Music videos okay great and attractive. Im not gonna spoil one single thing, since this movie should be seen by only the two trailers you probably saw. Don't watch any TV spots after the second trailer or whatever! Im gonna touch a few aspects and rate them. Acting: Of course it's amazing. The characters we were waiting for were black panther and of course SPIDERMAN! Both were done amazing! Spiderman has a bigger role than I personally expected and it's done with grace. Love it. Black Panther was such a good character with great motivation why he's doing what he's doing. The acting per usual from the other characters were great! 10/10 Story: Now where another (let's leave it) unnamed superhero movie failed this year, and no I'm not talking about dead- pool.., was the story. Now this story is what I expected from the other unnamed superhero movie. I didn't know what side I wanted to be on; cap's or iron man's. I was so conflicted and even while they're fighting you don't know who to root for. The villain in this movie felt a bit, not really out of place, but unnecessary in my opinion. But Marvel always struggles to find a good fleshed out villain except for Loki & kingpin in the series. 10/10 Black Panther, Antman y Spiderman, they are just amazing and interesting characters in the film. Visual effects are amazing and the battles are really good. I thought that marvel will never do a very good movie like it was winter soldier, but i was wrong, i was totally wrong I don't like to compare, but i enjoy this film more than batman v superman. It's obviously that it is not perfect, that's sure but for me this is the best marvel movie, and i cant wait for the infinity war, the MCU is in good hands with the Russo brothers. You already know that this is one of the best Marvel movies to date. You already know that this movie has an all star cast. You already know that this movie has great directors. You already know that this movie is adapting one of the most iconic stories. You already know that this movie introduces two great new characters. .... You may already know that this Spiderman, is regarded as THE defining PP and Spiderman. You may already know that this Black Panther is a Badass. You may already know that the action scenes are new/inventive and great. You may already know that this movie has a lot off heart and emotion. .... You can predict this movie will cross the Billion mark. You can predict this movie is a movie for all fans and not just the comic fans. You can predict that only DC fan boys/girls will not find this review helpful.
평점: 10	리뷰: Great Movie:Epic/True Super Hero movie My Friend: Im not gonna spoil one single thing, since this movie should be seen by only the two trailers you probably saw. Don't watch any TV spots after the second trailer or whatever!Im gonna touch a few aspects and rate them.Acting: Of course it's amazing. The characters we were waiting for were black panther and of course SPIDERMAN! Both were done amazing! Spiderman has a bigger role than I personally expected and it's done with grace. Love it. Black Panther was such a good character with great motivation why he's doing what he's doing. The acting per usual from the other characters were great! 10/10 Story: Now where another (let's leave it) unnamed superhero movie failed this year, and no I'm not talking about dead-pool.., was the story. Now this story is what I expected from the other unnamed superhero movie. I didn't know what side I wanted to be on; cap's or iron man's. I was so conflicted and even while they're fighting you don't know who to root for. The villain in this movie felt a bit, not really out of place, but unnecessary in my opinion. But Marvel always struggles to find a good fleshed out villain except for Loki & kingpin in the series. 8/10 Action/Cinematography: O boy..If you're an action freak you will love this, if you're a comic book fan.. you're gonna LIVE these amazing action set pieces. The much anticipated airport scene is AMAZING. You've seen nothing, literally nothing of the amazing action that will bestow upon you guys. The airport scene is in complete IMAX and has a runtime of around 17 minutes. Just let that sink in! The Russo brothers know how to create great action and film it great as well. I can go on record and say this is by far the best superhero action scenes ever. 20/10. Verdict: Was it a perfect movie? No. But for me as a fan it came darn close. The only thing that bothered me were the villains, well actually one of the few that are in there. Was it better than... Batman v superman.. yes by far. I mean we're in a comic book movie year, so we might as well compare it. Batman v superman lacked in a lot of places and civil war just did it better. Just the conflict in ideologies made it so much more believable why the characters fought and because this whole story arc is happening now after 2 cross over movies, 3 iron movies and 2 cap movies.. the stakes are so incredibly high. I tried to compare dead-pool with it as well, but it's a different movie in terms of it being a solo movie and setting something up, instead of showing a conflict between good and good instead of good and evil. Checkmate, haters. And sorry, it's just not your year. I have seen this movie, but I won't mention a single spoiler here. (If you guys want proof, you can PM me and I'll tell you how the movie ends and the after credits). The reason I'm really writing this review is that I KNOW THERE WILL BE BIASED PEOPLE HERE WHO'LL WRITE THAT BVS IS BETTER and this is trash, etc, etc. Well, just see this movie and judge for yourself. Speaking briefly of the movie, it is an emotional roller coaster with an absolutely beautiful end. Spidey had a satisfying screen time. As for the acting, by the time the movie ended, I was a happy man. Russov's are handling Infinity War, and after watching this movie, how they did justice to characters, I'll not worry. A movie we wanted as well as deserve.Russo Brothers did an amazing job with this film. I loved every scene in this film.The action is amazing,its good to see Chris Evans again as Capitan America,Robert , well he is tony stark and i actually loved him this film more than in his own movies. Black Panther, Antman y Spiderman, they are just amazing and interesting characters in the film. Visual effects are amazing and the battles are really good. I thought that marvel will never do a very good movie like it was winter soldier, but i was wrong, i was totally wrong I don't like to compare, but i enjoy this film more than batman v superman. It's obviously that it is not perfect, that's sure but for me this is the best marvel movie, and i cant wait for the infinity war, the MCU is in good hands with the Russo brothers. Why are you waiting for me to review this, when you should watch it instead. You already know that this is one of the best Marvel movies to date. You already know that this movie has an all star cast. You already know that this movie has great directors. You already know that this movie is adapting one of the most iconic stories. You already know that this movie introduces two great new characters. .... You may already know that this Spiderman, is regarded as THE defining PP and Spiderman. You may already know that this Black Panther is a Badass. You may already know that the action scenes are new/inventive and great. You may already know that this movie has a lot off heart and emotion. .... You can predict this movie will cross the Billion mark. You can predict this movie is a movie for all fans and not just the comic fans. You can predict that only DC fan boys/girls will not find this review helpful.
평점: 1	리뷰: At the start, the film finds Captain America yet again adjusting to working under the increasingly morally ambiguous ways of the new Avengers structure. The set up is masterfully done. This is the fifth time we've seen the character and it's remarkable how complex and how much depth has been layered on to developing this icon. The Avengers film touched a bit with his feelings of what it was like to be in the modern era, and Winter Soldier drove the point home. Following that classic sequel, Civil War is a wonderful character study to go along with a purely thrilling plot. This was exactly the perfect vehicle to deliver a film to advance the character of Captain America but also give Tony Stark a perfect finishing arc and more development himself. What makes BOTH Steve and Tony interesting aren't their abilities or weapons but the men themselves. Steve's moral code and "man out of time" elements are tested in this film but not in a way anyone saw coming. The viewer that normally would trust that Cap is doing what's right can look at his actions in a different light. He is still coming to terms with a past that is long gone and he is still longing for a better more decent era. Putting Bucky back in the mix clouds his judgment. Dealing with the shades of grey of the modern era and being part of any controlling organization after the events of the Winter Soldier movie has changed him. It's exactly like all the epic events and decisions Tony Stark has made over five films has changed the character of Iron Man. The resulting conflict between the two is as epic as can be. Like in Steve's last solo movie, his past comes back and explodes all throughout his new life. Tracking down his old pal Bucky, who was once an amoral assassin and a mind controlled Russian thug, proves to be a catalyst to everything that happens. Everything happens and unfolds in a believable and an intelligent manner. Every single ultimately cool character gets a chance to shine including Bucky but also incredible new characters like Black Panther and Spider-Man. Each one is fleshed out wonderfully for their supporting roles. Again, beyond cool. I really enjoyed both previous Captain America films but this movie is as dark and exciting as Winter Solder but also adds a degree of depth. This movie has a whole new flavor and that's exactly what was needed and what Marvel does so well. The 1940's romance and even the "Raiders of the Lost Ark" tone fit the first film quite nicely. The conspiracy thriller vibe of the second film was refreshing and so well done. Here, just like the Cap character, adaptation is a key. What they deliver with this Civil War feels fresh and is certainly amazing. Steve is still a patriot but he's continuing to question authority. His old-fashioned values pay off in many cases but here, are they leading him astray? Questioning what is wrong and questioning what is morally cloudy is a test of true character. Yet, being old school stubborn can result in missing key points and can result in bad consequences. That is exactly why the character of Steve Rogers is so interesting. He's so much more than a super soldier boy scout. There's depth, angst and pathos and we all can relate to him. He is out-of-place and he is old-fashioned but proud of that in a way. In a movie like this, pride comes before the fall. Tony Stark is ahead of him on that curve. Tony knows the price of arrogance and even the price of acting unilaterally with the best of intentions. He knows the road to hell is paved with those best of intentions. When these two philosophies and life lessons collide, that's as cool as the superhero brawl that accompanies it. The story itself is an amazing action thriller with a ton of intrigue and psychological issues. Honestly, I didn't expect it to be this clever and this deep. I did expect it to be exciting and it certainly delivers on that. Each new character and each hold over Avenger character works in to the story perfectly. Everything about this movie is a joy to watch. The cast is perfect and everyone is used exceptionally well. This IS the best sequel the genre has ever seen and I know tat's saying a lot. It could be Marvel's best effort ever.
평점: 9	리뷰: Very disappointed. Look at the marvel fans. they hate BvS cause the story is too big some of them said there's no stories at all. well news flash. Civil war too. Ugh! Its going to be box office hit because of the fight scenes. But i was surprised by black widow. She's a bad ass. They developed her character more. But that's it. The plot twist was very predictable. Meh. Winter Soldier was still the best marvel movie for me. and i think it will only be a best marvel movie. Sometimes i'm wondering why the avengers movies is very disappointing movie. Solo movies was much better. Ugh! They should change their tone. its not fun anymore. its getting cheesier every time. Jokes while it in the field is very dumb and cheesy. 6/10
평점: 10	리뷰: As visually impressive as it striking and powerful. Captain America: Civil War does an outstanding job of juggling a multitude of moving and important parts that it's absolutely ludicrous that the movie is as coherent as it is. But somehow it just works. I'm at a loss for words, as to how the Joe and Anthony Russo were able to craft something so compelling and thematically respectable, using superheroes to tell a serious and heavy story, while understanding and being more than willing to provide levity throughout the film. The fight scenes and choreography are tight and extremely well done, and while they do lose a little edge do to some fast editing, I won't knock how exhilarating certain scenes are throughout the film. They took big leaps with this movie and it sure paid off. And I'm very much taking into account that I just saw the movie, and I'm still dealing with the rush of anxiety that came with almost not getting in. But as I cool down I'm definitely feeling that excitement lifted. Not that you weren't already gonna see it, but if you weren't, I highly recommend it, based purely on it's wow fact, enjoyment, and great storytelling. I can't wait to see this again opening night.
평점: 10	리뷰: Once again, Marvel has proved itself to make good movies, all movies depend on a good script, good director and good producer which Marvel has all three. Those who think BvS is better than Marvel is clearly psychotic, Autistic, mentally unstable, delusional and paranoid at the same time. Dc films except the dark knight trilogy does not however. Marvel films has a good balance in characters and jokes and dark moments while doing all very good at the same time. BvS has shown nothing interesting in particular or potential to expand their universe, watch Winter soldier, and Iron man, they are the best films to be made and the rest of Marvel films.
평점: 10	리뷰: I've seen Deadpool and it was great. I've seen Batkill v Supersad Dawn of Martha and was a mediocre, dull of a movie. Now get ready to be amazed! This movie pushed the boundaries in terms of superhero films. The Russo brothers did something I did not expect, exceed The Winter Soldier and make not only the best Marvel movie so far but the best movie in its genre so far. Civil War not only offers great action but also very good character development, strong performances from each member of the cast and more than enough screen time for everyone. From a technical standpoint the movie is, just like The Winter Soldier a delight. Practical effects, very good implementation of CGI, beautiful camera work and choreography, sound and a solid script. The globetrotting plot kicks off in Lagos, where Cap and the new-look Avengers are on a mission to take down Winter Soldier survivor Crossbones. Civil War starts as a muscular crime movie in the mould of Michael Mann's Heat, the Russo brothers significantly upping their game in terms of high-impact, shield- slinging action. The mission is a bust – the latest in a laundry list of collateral-damage catastrophes from the battle of New York to the near-apocalypse in Sokovia, leading to the creation of the Sokovia Accords, a decree to put the super crew on ice unless an international governing body gives the green light. Having lived through oppressive times, Cap takes a stance against the agreement;Tony Stark, wrecked with guilt over the creation of Ultron, sides with Ross and the Accords. Battle lines drawn, matters are further complicated by Bucky Barnes, who's implicated in a terrorist attack that puts both sides, and a certain Wakandan prince, on the Winter Soldier's tail. If The Winter Soldier was about SHIELD being ripped apart from the inside, Civil War pulls the same trick with the Avengers themselves, screenwriters Christopher Markus and Stephen McFeely carving out satisfying character arcs. Crucially, despite the colossal cast of characters and sprawling runtime this isn't just Avengers 2.5 holds true, it's also a Captain America movie through and through, further exploring The Winter Soldier's major theme – the cost of freedom – while Bucky is even more integral to the plot than he was in the film that bore his own name. As you might expect, it's one of the MCU's more serious entries, tonally a world away from the party-time antics of Age of Ultron. But that doesn't mean it's humorless; far from it. Anthony Mackie's Sam Wilson can be relied upon for laugh-out-loud one-liners whenever he's on screen, the Vision's stylish new wardrobe is comedy gold and Paul Rudd's Scott Lang is huge fun in a relatively brief appearance – utterly enamoured by Steve Rogers and overjoyed just to have been invited along. As a piece of superhero storytelling, it doesn't bring anything particularly innovative to the table either – the idea of a thin line between heroes and vigilantes is invoked again, for example. But importantly, given the callous loss of life going on in other comic-book movies, the human cost of the Avengers' actions is keenly felt and addressed in a meaningful way. It makes DC's efforts to tackle the same idea with Batman v Superman seem thunderously dunderheaded in comparison. Chris Evans is dependably superb as Steve Rogers – the stoic heart and soul of the MCU. And though he doesn't have as much to chew on here as he did in The Winter Soldier, there's little doubt why anyone would risk being branded a fugitive to follow him into battle. Even better is Robert Downey Jr, who shows a different side to Tony Stark. He's less the swaggering snark merchant of movies past here and more the elder statesman, reflecting on the consequences of his actions and looking to make amends. "I'm trying to keep you from tearing the Avengers apart," he pleads. The brilliance of Downey Jr's sympathetic performance is that even if you're staunchly Team Cap you still feel for him. As for the other players: Bucky is more tortured soul than Terminator this time round, and though he can still feel more MaGuffin than character at times, you buy why he's worth saving because Sebastian Stan and Chris Evans sell their life-long friendship so well. Scarlet Witch struggles to deal with the implications of her immense power; Hawkeye comes out of retirement in a satisfying continuation of his Age Of Ultron arc; Falcon gets to show off what those wings can really do; and War Machine takes the hardest line for the Accords, ever the iron patriot. More importantly: how do the MCU's new supers stack up? Chadwick Boseman's Black Panther has a bigger role than you might expect. Arriving fully formed, Boseman plays the prince of Wakanda with regal airs, charm and forceful determination. For Very Important Story Reasons he's quite sullen in Civil War but in his vibranium suit T'Challa is just as capable and acrobatically dazzling as any of the MCU's super-folk, with a set of razor-sharp claws that even Cap's shield can't withstand. Better yet is Marvel's all-new Spider-Man. In asurprisingly substantial appearance, 19- year-old Tom Holland not only makes a case for being the best screen Spidey so far, but also threatens to steal the entire film. His Peter Parker is perfect – nervy, goofy and instantly endearing. In the airport fight however he's truly spectacular, holding his own against the best the MCU has to offer, using his webs in entertaining and creative ways, while his motor-mouthed (and charmingly naive) wisecracking couldn't be better. Civil War isn't just a damn-near-perfect popcorn crowd-pleaser; it doesn't offer any easy answers for its combatants, or the world going forward. Team Cap or Team Iron Man? The real winner here is Team Marvel."
평점: 1	리뷰: I pretty much like or love all the Marvel Studios movies, starting with Iron Man through last year's Ant-Man. So there was virtually no chance I wouldn't enjoy Civil War. But this might be my favorite Marvel movie yet. So many characters are in it, yet I felt like every one of them got at least one memorable moment, even lame ol' Hawkeye! At the end of Act 2, there's a 20-minute battle scene that involves a dozen super-heroes, and it's amazing, probably the best of this genre. I went in rooting 100% for Cap, but by the end, I was feeling really badly for Iron Man and kinda wanted to see him kick Steve Rogers' butt. We get a couple of new heroes – Spider-Man and the Black Panther – and they are both just about perfect translations from comic book to film. This Brit they have playing Peter Parker is probably my favorite Spidey yet, even though he's only on screen for maybe 15 minutes. He's exactly as Spidey should be: a nervous kid who handles his anxiety by being a nonstop motormouth during his battles. And the Panther is just so cool. Ant-Man plays a big part in that huge battle I mentioned, getting some of the best moments during the fight. But really, this movie is Cap's, Bucky's, and Tony's story. What helps make it so great is how Marvel has built up their saga over multiple movies – we're already familiar with and invested in these characters. And the filmmakers use that to great advantage here. It's sad to see them pitted against each other, but completely understandable in the context of the film. Bottom line: if you've enjoyed some or all of the Marvel movies, you'll have a great time with Civil War. It's a blast! And it might even draw a tear or two
평점: 10	리뷰: Listen, don't listen to the deluded critics and Marvel fan boys giving this crap ratings higher than the Godfather. Those are shallow and deluded fan boys. The movie was mediocre at best like most of the Marvel movies out there. Batman vs Superman was for sure a better film with more in depth character development and the movie actually made me care for the characters. I couldn't care less what happened in to the characters in this film. The musical score was once again a mediocre score with nothing special about it. BvS had a decent score and you could tell that they actually went for something. This movie shows no effort in making a good musical score at all. The movie gets way too much praise while BvS gets way too much hate. I don't expect jokes to pop up when the world is at stake or people are fighting in the middle of a battle. Why this keeps happening in Marvel movies is beyond me, probably to keep the shallow kids and fans going through the movie. BvS got criticized for being too dark and having too many characters yet this is one of Marvels "darkest" movies and has the largest cast of any super hero movie and this gets praise? The amount of plot holes I found were laughable, but no, people are going to ignore it because it's a Marvel movie and the action is eye candy. But when DC does it it's the only thing people notice. I have a suggestion, instead of watching this mediocre and copy and paste Marvel film, go watch something else. Here are some suggestions, want to still watch a Marvel film? Go rent one or find one on cable, it will be exactly the same, trust me. Want to still go to the theater and watch a real super hero movie? Fine, watch Batman vs Superman. Want to watch a good super hero movie? Go watch The Dark Knight Trilogy. Want to watch a good movie? Go watch the Godfather or Shawshank Redemption. Have fun, don't watch this boring movie!
평점: 10	리뷰: We've seen deadpool and it was great. We've seen batkill v. Supersad which was horrible. Now get ready to be amazed!This movie was amazing in everyway. The action was so good! the acting was good. the story was a lot better than batman v superman's story. it is everything that bvs wanted to be, but couldn't because snyder isn't as talented as either of the russos bros and the writers are better as well. civil war is the perfect comic book movie. dc lovers suck on that. even dc fanboys will cry because this movie is that good. thismovie doesn't have flaws, because.. it isn't a dc movie of course and it is absolutely perfect. Verdict: if you hate mediocre superheroes movies, don't go to batman v superman, but if you love good superhero movies then go to civil war. it's perfect in everyway. I made this review as compensation for some idiots thinking they can bring down the score of civil war before it comes out!
평점: 9	리뷰: THe best marvel movie. THis movie is a combo of politics, action and emotions.I simply love it. Marvelous job by directors Anthony and Joe Russo . The story is nice . CGI is great . A solid performance by all the actors. Tom Holland as spider man is ultimate. Screenplay is also good. Chadwick as T'Challa nails it. This movie is not gonna disappoint you. One of the best movie I saw in my life. Good job Marvel. Civil war is better than the winter soldier an the avengers . Everyone should watch this movie. With this movie the expectations for avengers infinity war rises. Cinematography in civil war is good. This movie is the starting of the phase 3 which I bet is gonna be better than phase 1 and 2.
평점: 7	리뷰: I was lucky enough to see an early screening of this movie. From the opening scene till the final battle, I was completely blown away. First off I'm gonna start by talking about the performances.This is the best acting we've seen in the MCU hands down. To highlight a few, Robert Downey Junior gives a Tony Stark a more personal side that we have yet to completely see if him. Chadwick Boseman and Tom Holland are both perfectly casted as Black Panther and Spider-Man respectively. The action was great. The relationships that these characters have built over the course of several movies creates a new level of complexity that makes these fight sequences more emotional and powerful. The Airport Battle is the best action scene in the MCU and is rivaled only by the Quicksilver scene from DOFP. The final thing I have to say about what made this movie so damn good, was the fact that all of the events in this movie are permanent and will have a long lasting impact. The only complaint I've had with the MCU is the fact that most of the events in their movies are resolved by the climax and there is no lasting impact on future films. While no future films have come out at the time I've written this review, it still seems safe to say that the events in this movie will have a permanent effect on the rest of the MCU. It is rare that I go into a movie with this high of expectations and i leave the theater completely blown away. 10/10 Great Movie
평점: 10	리뷰: This movie was pretty good there were some scenes in the movie that did not add up but overall it was good. It did not meet my expectations but it was still better than a recent movie that came out. I cannot talk too much about it as it will ruin the story-line for many people. The acting of each character was amazing but the story line had its flaws. I did not know who's side to choose iron man or captain America I was quite confused. Captain Ameriica and Iron Man were the ones who stole the spotlight and made this movie amazing. This movie was a fun action packed movie and I highly recommend it but there were little errors in the story line. But overall loved it.
평점: 10	리뷰: Once again, The Russo's have proved their prowess in making excellent superhero films. The story was magnificent! Each character had their own little arc for them to develop in, unlike in most movies, where too many characters means little development for other characters, but this movie pulled it off with grace! And let me say that airport scene, and any other action scene in this film, OH MY GOD! The choreography was spot on. Every fight has emotional depth. I can feel myself almost crying at some points. And SPIDERMAN! This Spiderman was the best Spiderman and the best Peter Parker I saw on screen to DATE! And Black Panther, I haven't forgot about him, he was great too! This movie is just so near perfect, it's unbelievable. And now let me address all those fanboys calling me and other reviewers Marvel biased fanboys for giving this movie a high score. IT DESERVES IT. This was a payoff of 8 years of hard work. It's everything Batman v Superman isn't.So in concusion. It was Amazingly, Spectacularly Great. 10/10 would see, would see again, would buy, and would die for. Thank you Russo Brothers, for bringing my childhood fantasies to life.
평점: 1	리뷰: So far we had many comic book movies, but we never had so far, THE comic book movie. Not until Civil War! The Russo brothers did something I did not expect, exceed The Winter Soldier and make not only the best Marvel movie so far but the best movie in its genre so far. The movie is not only an epic proportioned spectacle but also a very well thought conclusion to what previous movies have been leading up to. From a technical standpoint the movie is, just like The Winter Soldier a delight. Practical effects, very good implementation of CGI, beautiful camera work and choreography, sound and a solid script. The Russo brothers take action to another step with amazingly cut action scenes that keep you on the edge of your seat. I need to mention that Captain America Civil War has one of the best action scenes I have seen, ever. The movie not only offers great action but also very good character development, strong performances from each member of the cast and more than enough screen time for everyone. The newcomers, Black Panther and Spiderman are as expected among the highlights of this spectacular flick. The movie has its issues, while it is up for debate the villain played by Daniel Bruhl is most definitely the biggest low in this movie along with some specific scenes where the editing can get a little confusing and tiresome making it hard to keep track on what is happening on screen. With all these said the movie is absolutely excellent and a whole new level for comic book movies.
평점: 1	리뷰: Well,i went to see cw with high expectations.i was expecting more than flashy fight scenes but all in all,thats the only good thing about this movie.way too much cheesy dialogue that takes away the intensity of the action.if you're a casual movie goer,this movie may be somewhat enjoyable.but comic book fans beware,they butcher one of the most iconic story arcs in marvel.batman v superman was a couple steps up in many areas.civil war had absolutely no moment that made you use your brain.its mainly just mindless action with dialogue as filler.which is an extreme disappointment.it will no doubt do well,simply because it attracts such a young audience.
평점: 10	리뷰: Another marvel formula This movie can fit right if they show this at the 1st phase,its boring the direction is horrible and the effects to, what a shame. Like all Disney made marvel movies the characters lack any kind of development. There is no attachment to them and the audience can care less what happens to them. The soundtrack is just another generic computer generated sound and lacks any real soul. The plot is also a rushed mess.However this movie gives the same generic marvel formula that we have come to expect.This is a bad choice for marvel,in critics its always good for they because they pay it all always but with the fans its another thing
평점: 9	리뷰: DC fan girls are shaking in their boots, so you know it's going to be good. BvS was okay but DC should really just stick to animation. I hold out hope for Ben Affleck's solo batman film I think it will be a winner. Also I think Wonder Woman was well represented and look forward to her solo project. Marvel knows they have a winner here, though. Thats why they lifted the review embargo 3 weeks before the movie comes out and they were right. BvS lifted their review embargo 3 days before release, assuming they too had insight to how their film would be received. Let's be honest with ourselves please DC fans. Everyone who has seen Captain America: Civil War, and reviewed it, has come to the same conclusion. So these DC shills come onto sites like these trying to drive down the review numbers in hopes they can prevent some ticket sales. The thing is, they know it's coming and they cant stop it. Like a tsunami on the horizon. A tsunami made of money.
평점: 4	리뷰: Captain America Civil WarMarvel knows how to please audiences and after seeing how Warner Bros. largely failed to please the general public with Batman and Superman's first big-screen debut together, audiences are going to question if with Civil War, (which is essentially "Captain America v Iron Man") will it really be worth investing time and money into another hero-on-hero mega-budget superhero flick. Well, this is Marvel's answer to DC's failed attempt, and they know these characters, we've seen most of them around in a few movies now over the past 8 years or so, (some of them more recent and some of them for the first time in this film's cinematic universe). And I truly believe the film is a triumph. Unlike the last Avengers film, there are not really any subplots that don't serve as an important piece to the overall story, directors Joe and Anthony Russo did a great job weaving action scene and character-driven scene together to drive the story forward in 2014's Captain America the Winter Soldier, and they do the same here. What makes this even more impressive is that they are handling roughly twice the amount of characters than what Winter Soldier had, but they do it as near-perfect as you could expect from a big-budget, studio-produced blockbuster these days. Though it had it's strong aspects, Star Wars the Force Awakens was a big money maker for Disney, but as a film, it left much to be desired. This film surprised and impressed me, more than any big budget film in the past 12 months save for Mad Max. It was better than Ant-man. Better than Age of Ultron. It was better than Furious 7, Jurassic World, Force Awakens, Batman v Superman and even Jungle Book which I also was impressed with. The film doesn't take any huge risks and does play it fairly safe to being what we've come to expect from Marvel, but it knows what the formula for success at Marvel is and it works with it. It knows how to still be impressive and wholly satisfying while still playing things fairly safe. Marvel, they takes risks with certain movies, and being that this is called "Civil War" which is based on a Marvel comic where major characters DO die, the movie doesn't quite follow that and is really more like a "Civil Dispute". And then there are moments where Tony is acting like he and Steve used to be friends even though earlier in the film he explains to Cap how his father always talked highly about him to Tony and that he just wanted to punch him in his perfect teeth. There are moments where this built-up rage shines through Downey Jr's performance as Stark, after he finds out a truth regarding his parents, that shows Robert actually put a lot of care into this character, more than we've ever seen from him since Iron Man 1. Lately it has felt like he's been phoning in his performances, but not here. Here he really acts the hell out of what the script asks of him, and counter's Chris Evans' strongest performance of Captain America to date, too. Lots of other big players here, Jeremy Renner, Scarlett Johansson, Paul Bettany, Elizabeth Olsen, Sebastian Stan, Paul Rudd, Anthony Mackie, and Daniel Bruhl gives a strong performance as a villain character who isn't given the most fleshing out or devotion to, but he serves the story well enough and it will be interesting to see if he gets any future roles down the line.If you're a fan of Spiderman, well the studio finally worked a deal out with Sony that allows them to use Spiderman in their shared cinematic universe and he is a very well introduced character played by young actor Tom Holland who probably does the best job as this character we have seen on screen yet, he fits in very well and plays off the other actors very well and proves to be quite a visual spectacle in the film's second act. He gets his own film next year and I look forward to seeing how it turns out, as this film introduced the character properly, and you could tell the directors had a full understanding of what makes this character so great. Overall, if you're looking for a superhero universe to stay committed to and always have faith in, I'd say just stick with Marvel because they know what they're doing and everything are building up to is unlikely to disappoint given the rate they are going now, but I guess we shall see you until then I would definitely recommend this film 9/10
평점: 9	리뷰: I have tried to avoid spoilers in this review to the best of my ability.While there are several good things about Captain America Civil War,including one terrific action sequence, it suffers from the same faults as Age of Ultron. That is to say that the characters don't engage the audience. Their flippant irreverence is amusing at first, but it is impossible to care what happens to them. They all remain plot devices who bicker and make up as the whims of the plot demand, but none of them seem to have a life beyond what is presented on screen. There are too many of them now with characters that I found it impossible to care about. If the directors decided to thin out the herd by killing a few off I wouldn't mind.Not that there seems to be much danger of that happening. Whatever is going on there never seems to be any jeopardy for the characters among all the CGI.In this regard Civil War, is a retrograde step from Winter Soldier.To be honest I doubt that Civil War will be the movie that bursts the superhero bubble at the box office, but I think it is probably a step closer.
평점: 8	리뷰: being a marvel fan for me this is one the best marvel movies it has fantastic character arcs, great action and really good acting. and my god SPIDER-MAN!!!!!. just seeing peter parker interacting with the other avengers made my day and also he does awesome stuff with his web shooters. i think to say tom Holland is the best spider-man is to soon but i think he will be after we see is standalone film next year. and also Chadwick Bozeman nails it as black panther he has a personal goal in this film and you fully understand his motivation and his action is the best in the film. the performances from Downey and Evans were great and it was such a emotional film because you've seen these characters grow and you have history with them. Anthony Mackie stays awesome as falcon and has a couple standout moments. Sebastian Stan as Bucky Barnes/winter solider is fantastic a great and strong performance from him. and i also want to point out that Elizabeth Olsen was much improved as scarlet witch i thought she was a bit underdeveloped in age of Ultron but she had a fantastic arc in this film. the airport battle is phenomenal one of the best superhero action set pieces seriously it's crazy i couldn't believe what is was watching. there is only one thing that was bad about it which has become very familiar in marvel movies the villains. once again marvel makes a another generic and disposable villain in Baron Zemo its a shame because Daniel Bruhl is a really good actor. but i look at it that he wasn't really a villain this film didn't need a villain it was a family dispute between the avengers. but other than that overall it was a very good and entertaining movie which makes sure the marvel train keeps on rolling 10/10

영화제목: Deadpool
평점: 6	리뷰: "Deadpool" is the story of two like-minded individuals who fall in love amidst calamitous hardships – and physiology-altering mutant abilities with disfiguring side effects. Former Special Forces soldier Wade Wilson (Ryan Reynolds) works as a mercenary-for-hire out of Sister Margaret's School for Wayward Children. Running his mouth while running odious lowlifes out of business nets him a satisfying career that also inadvertently introduces him to Vanessa (Morena Baccarin), a prostitute who shares his penchant for dark humor and funereal banter. The two quickly fall in love and become engaged, only to discover shortly thereafter that Wade is afflicted with terminal cancer. Unwilling to subject Vanessa to further torment and misery, Wilson spontaneously leaves her. When a mysterious broker offers the desperate man a possible remedy, he agrees to undergo an experimental procedure that will change his life forever.Posing itself as the ultimate anti-superhero movie (with a theatrical release timed for Valentine's Day), "Deadpool" goes to great lengths to distance itself from the pack of recent Marvel entities, which have become more or less interchangeable. The problem is that it accomplishes this mission with such unyielding purposefulness that it regularly ceases to be a about a character in a film; at times, the world of Deadpool exists somewhere in between the Marvel Cinematic Universe, self-aware satire, and an alternate reality, where superheroes are recognized as products of movie studios. Fortunately, the humor tends to make up for the noncanonical bits and the occasionally unwelcome attention towards the fictionality of cinema.Crazy credits, pop culture references, animation mid-scene, nods to movie tropes ("It might further the plot," suggests T.J. Miller's Weasel, when motioning Wade to meet a black-clad man in a shadowy corner booth), and routine breaking of the fourth wall are all gimmicks to highlight the flaws of superhero pictures, as well as to mock them mercilessly. It's funny to see this skewering in action, but it becomes contrary as the film progresses, particularly as it begins to employ the very techniques and devices previously laid bare for roasting. Had "Deadpool" chosen to use only super-soldiers and human sidekicks, it would have been forgivable to see the star prancing about like an R-Rated version of "The Mask," filled with the dirty dialogue of Kevin Smith. But once Colossus (voiced by Stefan Kapicic) and Negasonic Teenage Warhead (Brianna Hildebrand) show up (and Angel Dust - played by Gina Carano - reveals her abilities), the cliché superhero customs turn exhausting rather than facetiously self-deprecating.The film wisely takes a cue from "Guardians of the Galaxy" with its soundtrack, utilizing fitting or contrasting music at all the right times, which helps to enhance the action and romance or make fun of various activities. Like "Kick-Ass," the main amusement comes from the comedic insight on the fallible, potentially laughable construct of superheroes, though hyperactive violence and expletive-filled wordplay strive to overshadow the cleverer humor of exposé. Sex, nudity, strip clubs, and sadistic torture also aim to darken up the typical PG-13 vibe of Marvel's better known projects. Ironically, the element that stands out the most is the love story, accentuated by sarcastic, damaged-goods morbidity, which demonstrates a quirky compatibility for two modern, sexually progressive personas stuck in a superhero movie - a superhero movie disguised as one too quick-witted to fall into that category.The Massie Twins
평점: 9	리뷰: It wasn't a bad movie but I came in with high expectations. In the end, the funny moment cannot save a movie without a story. If by throwing in some punchlines and some CGIs, the studio can expect a big pay day, I will be very disappointed of the audience preferences. We should have better superhero movies.In addition, a superhero movie is as good as the villain in the movie, and I will have to say this one is rather pedestrian. Normally, bad people still have their reasons to do the things they do, and it needs to be sufficiently explained and exploited to tell a good story. I am not sure about the bad guys in this movie, there really isn't an epic struggle to be remembered, no matter how much CGI is in the film.
평점: 10	리뷰: If you're a fan of the "Deadpool" comics, I think you'll be pleased with this long-awaited film. It is the Marvel comic faithfully adapted to the big screen, just with a lot more profanity and nudity. Few superhero movies are as faithful to the original source material as Deadpool is. From the chats with the audience through the fourth wall to the cartoon character hijinks, director Tim Miller really nails it. And even if you're not a fan of the comic, this is an entertaining addition to the superhero film genre. If you combined The Mask with Watchmen,you start to get a sense of what to expect. It's a raunchy comedy mixed with a superhero movie, yet somehow the two work well together and are unlike anything we've seen on the screen before.
평점: 10	리뷰: In a world.. where superhero movies are often unnecessarily dark and gritty, #Deadpool comes along and shows you how it's done! It's the perfect combo of action, comedy, and R-rating that really don't give two sh*ts about your sensitivity. Do you remember that warm blueberry pie that your grandma made for you when you were younger or the time you saw that girl you've been crushing on during chemistry class in high school? Well, you can throw those memories out the window now and make way for DEADPOOL.Ryan Reynolds plays a skilled special forces operative turned mercenary Wade Wilson, Morena Baccarin plays his hot-ass girlfriend, Vanessa. This woman is the embodiment of sexy. They are a match made in Marvel Comics' heaven. But their dream is crushed upon discovering that Wilson has cancer all over, a situation that forces him to sign up to a rogue experiment that subjects him to accelerated healing powers. The lab is run by Francis/Ajax (Ed Skrein) who himself is a bit of a mutant. The brutal experiments turn Wade Wilson into an ugly dude but an indestructible one. He's now bent on revenge, especially after Ajax kidnaps Vanessa. Meanwhile Colossus and Negasonic Teenage Warhead from the X-Men, try their best to convince Deadpool to join their team and become one of the good guys. But let's face it, that ain't DEADPOOL's style! The first people we have to thank of course would be the original comic book writers/creators Fabian Nicieza and Rob Liefeld who brilliantly gave us this very unique superhero unlike any other. The next people in line to thank are screenwriters Rhett Reese and Paul Wernick who remind us why we loved "Zombieland" back in 2009, they inject the same brand of humor into DEADPOOL and keep the character faithful to the comic books, yes, by that I mean none of that crap version of Wade Wilson in "X-Men Origins: Wolverine" anymore! Applause goes to Tim Miller as well, what a helluva feature directorial debut, clearly when you give a superhero project to a geek who loves the material and knows it inside out, if you just let him run with it, it's like giving G.I. Joe toys to a kid who can name them all by heart, great things can happen.For those of you who are not familiar with DEADPOOL, just a heads up, this movie, just like the comics, is extremely over the top graphic in terms of sex, violence and humor, and that's exactly how we like it. Wade Wilson is a chatterbox, he talks a lot, to some this can get annoying, while to the rest, it's music to our ears, mainly because of the sh*t he says. And he breaks fourth wall, meaning he'll talk to you the audience. But what's even more epic than that is the fact that he is AWARE of the universe that he's in and the universe that you're in, and those two collide in the most epic way possible, so Ryan Reynolds' character, Wade Wilson, makes fun of Ryan Reynolds the actor and also mocks Ryan Reynolds' previous poor decisions like Green Lantern and People Magazine's Sexiest Man Alive This movie is a dream come true for those of you hardcore fans, it even has what I think is one of the greatest most hilarious opening credit scenes in the history of cinema. For a while, I heard that the studio wanted the film to include more mutants, but I'm glad the filmmakers kept things to just a few characters for this first installment a.k.a origin story, so it's simple enough for the new fans to follow. I love how the humor is so brash and unapologetic, it's like insult comedy or one of them roast shows, everybody is fair game. The fights are rock 'em sock 'em and the VFX is impressive! And I can't be happier for Ryan Reynolds, I'm sure he had been wanting to redeem himself since "Green Lantern" and whatever the hell that was in "X-Men Origins: Wolverine," so with this DEADPOOL movie, he finally got it right, you can tell he desperately wanted to be part of this superhero genre, and so now he's really part of the gang. He was born for this role. He was destined to play this. In many ways, Deadpool is kinda like Van Wilder on crack. And actress Morena Baccarin as Vanessa well, let's just say that after watching this movie, every guy on earth will wonder, 'Why can't my girlfriend be more like that!' If you're looking for a date movie, DEADPOOL is it. if you're looking for an action-packed movie, DEADPOOL is definitely most certainly it.
평점: 9	리뷰: This film tells the story of a man who is diagnosed with cancer, who undergoes transformation by a mysterious man to become a man with invincible powers. The only catch is that he becomes disfigured from head to toe."Deadpool" is really funny because it makes fun of himself and of all superhero films. It is almost like a parody of superhero films, but in a good way. The jokes are super funny, I loved the joke about the studio having no money to fill up the house. The 300 viewers in the cinema laughed hard and clapped hands on many occasions. When the film ended, people even clapped, which is the first time I see it happening in Hong Kong. People loved it loads! And the after credit scenes made people shout with excitement. When people exited the cinema, it was almost like everyone was under the effect of laughing gas!
평점: 10	리뷰: Deadpool is the movie equivalent of the parents going out of town for the weekend while the high school throws a party, gets drunk, has sex in the backseat of the car and then pukes in the driveway, and in a good way. It appears as though Fox has turned a blind eye while director Tim Miller, star Ryan Reynolds and screenwriters Rhett Reese and Paul Wernick run amok, having the time of their lives and thankfully bringing us along for the ride.Deadpool stars Reynolds as the mentally unhinged hit-man, Wade Wilson. This is not a story where the upstanding protagonist is flung into the throes of an extraordinary situation. No, this superhero tale about an unstable bad guy who gets superpowers, and it's refreshing as hell. Without getting into spoiler territory, this is a revenge movie masquerading as a superhero origin story.Following what may be the most creative opening credits sequence in the history of film, we are flung mercilessly into the maelstrom of Deadpool. Once the light turns green, all bets are off as Deadpool takes us through his journey, explaining his origin, his revenge mission and even his unconventional, if at times endearing relationship with his girlfriend, Vanessa, who may be as, or more, damaged than Wade himself. There really isn't anything bad I can say about the movie, except that I was sad when it ended, but they were able to cram just enough crazy into this 107 minutes that it just works perfectly.I plan on watching movie at least three more times.
평점: 9	리뷰: I enjoyed every minute in this movie. This will become an instant classic and one of the best movies Marvel has made. From the first scene i was blown away. If you are 12 or older i highly recommend you watch this movie. I can't say more without spoiling the movie so go see it. I was at the cinema with my girlfriend and she is not a Deadpool fan, but after she saw the movie she wanted to buy the Deadpool comics to learn more about him. This is how good the movie was. The first 15- 20 minutes of the movie are probably the best intro to a movie i have ever seen. And here is a tip. Stay after the ending credits. You will not regret it.
평점: 6	리뷰: Deadpool isn't your typical mainstream comic book character, he is rude, crude, violent and not for the kids. And this movie encompasses everything that has made Wade Wilson an unforgettable comic book icon. Deadpool is one part origin story, one part love story and whole lot of ass kicking action. It's humor is unmatched in this genre and it is my belief that after the movie's release you won't be able to escape the Deadpool's grip on popular culture.While the film's villains are definitely its weakest parts, their is a plethora of things to love in this film so it's easy to look past them. The highlight are X-men guest stars Colossus and Negasonic Teenage Warhead (picked solely based on her name). Deadpool interacting with the heroic X-Men was definitely my favorite part and really gets you excited for the inevitable sequel. Deadpool is a superhero film we have yet to see grace the big screen and let's hope it starts a new trend of adult orientated superhero films.
평점: 10	리뷰: Let me be perfectly frank. There's a very small market for the new Deadpool movie, and that seems to exclusively be teenage boys who enjoy the odd breast, decapitation, and curse word. While superhero films are all the rage today, Deadpool has always been a very niche superhero, and it seems to me like it won't exactly bring in the female crowd (although I could be entirely wrong about that), and it's rated R (mostly due to its gratuitous violence and nudity), so let's just nix the children right now. This leaves a very small window for the movie, but it's success depends on them, and I feel as if it WILL succeed, although it doesn't entirely deserve to."Deadpool" follows mercenary Wade Wilson (a typical Ryan Reynolds) as he is lured into some dark, dingy underground lab in order to receive experimental medical attention in order to cure him of his debilitating cancer. Of course, as if often the case with these superhero films, things to awry, and Wilson is left horribly disfigured, much to his chagrin. This leads him to adopting the Deadpool moniker and beginning his violent adventure to find and kill the man responsible (Ed Skrein). If this sounds overly- familiar, that's because it is. While the movie may want to subvert typical superhero expectations and tropes, it ends up being entirely unoriginal, which is definitely a downside to this otherwise well- intentioned film.It seems to me like the only thing this movie has going for it is its violence and adult-oriented content, but even that is highly unoriginal. I'm thinking specifically of what last year's "Kingsmen" did to the spy movie, or even what "Kick-Ass" did to this very genre. It presents an atypical hero in an atypical movie, full of blood, carnage, swearing, and nudity that you wouldn't otherwise find in a Hollywood blockbuster superhero film. "Deadpool" wants to market itself as a highly original film that's regarded as an intelligent subversion of superhero tropes, but it often falls into the very own tropes that it's parodying that it loses most of its originality and muster. While teenagers will undoubtedly gobble this movie up because it's filled with boobies and gore and swearing (and that's cool for teenagers, specifically boys), everyone else will find it a merely average, watchable movie that fails at its own ambitions.Ryan Reynolds is good in the role, as his typical sarcastic humor fits the character of Deadpool perfectly. It's also genuinely stylish, and some of the jokes are admittedly very clever and funny. I'm thinking specifically of the opening credits, where the usual "directed by," "written by" titles are replaced by funny declarations like "from this douchebag," or other, similar titles. It's an original concept, but unfortunately, the film loses its own way immediately after these credits and devolves into a typical superhero film, just with the odd severed head.For fans of dick jokes, this movie is sure to bring tears to the eyes. But dick jokes can only get you so far, and you can only tell enough of them before it starts to get tiring. Seriously, there's enough jokes about the male genitalia here that it could fill a book and become the Bible of dick jokes. But for anyone who isn't 17 years old, this can get very annoying and unfunny, as it often does. The movie aims for these types of jokes because it isn't what you'd find in a superhero movie, but the film overshoots its own goal and tires its audience out well before the movie thinks it's told enough of them. The same thing goes for the violence. We've seen enough bloody violence in cinema before that these instances are nothing new, yet the movie is so smug and so naive as to think that we'd be amazed at how subversive it is being. It's not. We've seen this all before, we've seen it better, and we've seen it funnier.In the end, "Deadpool" becomes what it is parodying. The movie wants to make fun of superhero origin tropes, but it becomes one in the process. Wade gets bad news, he becomes the guinea pig of some form of experimentation, he gets magic powers, and he fights his way to the big bad in order to stop him. The only difference here is that his path is littered with tits and severed heads rather than handcuffs. If that's enough for you, you'll be thoroughly entertained. For everyone else, maybe you'd best to rewatch "Kick- Ass" and ponder at what could have been.C-
평점: 10	리뷰: This movie surprised me. I walked into this movie hoping for it to be good; and man am I glad to have gone. This movie was brutal, crude, indecent, and a hell of a good time. The casting for this movie was nothing less than absolute perfection, Ryan Reynolds shines with his secondary characters T.J. Miller (Weasel), Brianne Hildebrand (Negasonic Teenage Warhead), and Stefan Kapicic (Colossus) providing great performances that really worked with Deadpool's character. I was taken aback, I knew I would laugh at some jokes, but not THAT many jokes. This movie, although following a by-the-book plot line, covered up the story with it's action and comedy and made it feel brand new. This movie may not have reinvented the superhero genre, but it surely provides a fun and refreshing good time while it lasts.
평점: 8	리뷰: This is perhaps the ultimate superhero movie. Its got so much rewatch-ability factor its off the scale. There is a brief scene of sex and nudity, a few swear words but nothing too serious. Its got lots of killing but even more jokes. And jokes that work on every level. If the Martian can win a comedy award, this should take every award at the next Golden Globes and Oscars by miles. There is an after-credit scene, and its worth sticking around for. From the hilarious opening credits, to the references to both X-Men and Avengers films, its perfect. Colossus is finally given some okay CGI and actual has a decent role in the story. Its nice to see his character used properly for once. The girl has her uses, but is best used to bounce jokes off, just like the villains. But its ll good. It will be hard for any film to beat this for best film of 2016.
평점: 9	리뷰: From the first minute you'll know what to expect from Deadpool, this is a movie which bluntly admits the director is overpaid and one of the characters is CG, then using Ryan Reynolds in the cover of magazine while random henchmen is burning as introduction. Aside from all the silliness, its love story manages to establish connection better than Wolverine ever had with his unhealthy obsession with Jean Grey and that one girl from his origin story.Ryan Reynolds works as the titular character Deadpool in the same manner Robert Downey Jr. worked as Iron-Man, he's already half the character he's playing. He does not shy from self-deprecation, in fact most of the jokes are in expense of the man, mainly about how ugly he is. A healthy dose of pop culture references also helps in making him more amiable even though he's made out of profanity and vulgarity.Ed Skrein finds a better success as the villain here than he did as the new Transporter. He's the fine opposite of Deadpool with almost the same physical built and quite the charisma, though more on the grim side. Morena Baccarin as Vanessa is looking like normal lovely brunette, yet she's humorous enough to set her character apart. Apparently, the experience as love interest in Gotham might help in that.Deadpool live and die, or perhaps regenerate, by its comedy, it's his thing, breaking the fourth wall with real life references and talking with audience. This is an advantage other superheroes are deprived of, he's already more enjoyable due to his ability to mock practically everything. Between all its galore of decapitation and cursing, this is a legitimate comedy for not all ages, certainly not for kids.Action is pretty solid, presentable CG and choreography make it a visual treat. Its chase scene has high resemblance from another blockbuster and even animation from video game. This is not the world's end type of crisis from Avengers, Deadpool is not that selfless, yet it's a proper visual one might expect from Marvel. Selection of soundtrack is also commendable, using a more direct and classic approach for the tunes from Deadpool himself.Deadpool delivers what other superheroes, lacking figurative regenerating balls or guts, won't even attempt; crude jokes, brutal display and heavy set of sarcasm. This might not be for everyone, but it's every bit orgasmically fun as one expects from Merc with a Mouth.
평점: 8	리뷰: Now i'm going to be honest i didn't know what to think going in to this movie and so i didn't really have high hopes and HOLY HELL did this movie amaze me!!!Right from the opening credits you get an immediate idea of the humour in this movie and it is hilarious whether it's the crude humour, the sexual innuendos, the 4th wall breaks or the puns aimed at Reynolds previous movies it was hilarious. Reynolds perfectly portrayed the character of Deadpool and i am so happy they gave him a second chance because he is the perfect choice.I can't really find any negatives to this movie except maybe the simple plot and the bland villain but then i would say that it was just so we could focus on Deadpool so in my opinion a good choice.Overall this not just a great superhero movie but a great movie and with the huge amount of superhero movies being released this year Deadpool has set the bar high and all the others will have hard work to do to follow it up !9/10 Awesome!
평점: 8	리뷰: This movie is completely mad. Thanks to the brilliantly funny, no- holds-barred brand of comedy that is absolutely everywhere from start to finish, Deadpool is a consistently hilarious comedy, made even better by a very well-written plot, excellent performances, and amazingly-directed action.Deadpool is a movie made first and foremost for the fans. In comic book lore, he's the ultimate foul-mouthed, wise-cracking rogue superhero, and the movie takes that character and places him on screen in exactly the same form. Therefore, rather than the more family-friendly, action-oriented superhero movies that dominate the box office nowadays, prepare for something completely different.Although the story and action are great, and I'll talk about that in a second, it's the humour that's the real stand-out of this movie. There's so much bad language, and so much adult humour, but in this movie, it works like magic.I didn't think Deadpool was the funniest movie ever, but I was laughing on a consistent basis right the way through this movie. The shock value of the swearing, extreme violence, self-referential humour and countless fourth wall breaks didn't wear off at all, which is testament to just how brilliant a script this film has. Even if you're not into the world of superheroes, Deadpool can still be a fantastically enjoyable movie just because it's so funny.That leads me into talking about Ryan Reynolds, who was amazing in the lead role. He pulls off the chatterbox superhero so well, delivering on the comedic front time and time again, whilst also managing to make a character that really won't shut up hugely likable, which again meant that you could keep enjoying the mad comedy right up to the end of the film, because everything that came out of Deadpool's mouth was just hilarious.But don't think that this is just a comedy, because it does shine on the story and action front too. Whilst tying into the X-Men Universe, Deadpool is a very unique superhero movie. It's not all about saving the world, it's just a story of a guy who wants to get revenge on a man who completely ruined his life. And because of that, you can actually relate to this guy more so than any other big blockbuster superhero because his determination is so simple and real.As well as being a revenge story, Deadpool is also a bit of a love story. It's the revenge that drives the film, but the relationship between Wade Wilson and his old girlfriend is a genuinely believable one (helped by the fact that Reynolds and Morena Baccarin work so well together), and is yet another brilliantly-written plot point that allows you to get more invested in what is a hugely entertaining film.Finally, let's talk about Tim Miller's directing. Despite being his feature debut, Miller has done an absolutely stunning job with Deadpool. Whilst the comedy is the driving force, one of my main takeaways from the film was how brilliant the action was. There could definitely have been less CGI, but when we see Deadpool either in gunfights or hand-to-hand combat, it's thrilling to watch, getting better and better until the excellent final act, which I absolutely loved, making this one of my favourite superhero movies ever.
평점: 9	리뷰: So, Deadpool is incredible. This really is the comic book movie we have been waiting for. This film is an incredible adaptation of the ever so popular dirty mouth anti-hero that is Deadpool. And it is not only an incredible adaptation, it is an incredible film. Tim Miller did a fantastic job on this film, and you can really see how much fun they had making it.Ryan Reynolds was born to play this character. His performance was incredible. It was energetic, charismatic and you could tell that he was having the time of his life playing this character. And he really brought this character to life. He played the emotional parts well and his delivery of the jokes was stellar. Every performance in this film was great. There were no weak performances at all, they all delivered their lines perfectly and there was no stale performances, they all worked well as these characters. The CGI was good for the most part. There were times where you could really tell it was CGI. For example the scene where Ed Skrein (Francis) is on top of his base (I guess it's his base) and it looked like a video game. The action scenes for the most part were great. They were fast paced and very violent. People get ripped in half, lose their heads and it was incredibly fun to watch. However in a particular car chase scene the editing was very quick and the scene became very chaotic and it was quite hard to see what was actually happening. But overall it's fantastic.The cinematography was good, nothing special. The best shots were the close ups on Deadpools face whenever he went to say a one liner. And there were some very good slow motion scenes that were very well shot, the camera was still and you could really take in the action. There is practically no shaky cam, therefore allowing us to actually see what the hell is happening.This movie is hilarious. It has a lot of raunchy humor that doesn't go over the top and probably 80% of the time is hilarious. There are also a lot of funny references to other comic book characters and films that were really well done. My personal favourite being when Colossus is pulling him and Deadpool says "Dead or alive, you're coming with me". The humor is both smart and incredibly raunchy. My most clever and funny scene in the whole film would have to be when he is fighting in the car and then says "Have you seen this man?" whilst holding up a picture of himself, as a taunt to the enemies. It was so incredibly well done and Ryan Reynolds delivery of the line was perfect.The fourth wall breaks are also fantastic. Every time he talks to the camera it always has a purpose and isn't just some stupid gimmick. In fact the best fourth wall break is actually the end credit sequence.Speaking of credit sequences. The opening credit sequence was fantastic. Instead of saying "Directed by Tim Miller" it says "Directed by an overpaid (bleep)", at least as far as I can remember it says that. (stupid IMBb, you can't swear) This movie just takes the (bleep), out of everything. And it's great! Oh and also the Stan Lee cameo is great, don't want to spoil it. But it involves naked women.The main story is told in a very cohesive and interesting way. Instead of doing what most comic book movies do, where they tell it in a linear narrative, where it shows the origin at the beginning and then reaches the point where he is a fully fledged hero. This starts of straight into him being a bad-ass, cuts to the origin and then keeps cutting back. And each time it cuts back to bad-ass Deadpool to Wade Wilson there is obviously Deadpool talking to the audience and it's great. But the main story is actually rather interesting. I love his origin story and the love story that the film is basically about, is actually really good. You care for the two of them. It is sometimes cheesy, but that's the point. This is Deadpool we are talking about.So, overall this movie is emotional, heartfelt, funny, fun, clever and overall a really entertaining movie.
평점: 10	리뷰: Deadpool is directed by Tim Miller and stars Ryan Reynolds, Morena Baccarin, T.J. Miller and Ed Skrein.Finally, after 11 years of kissing the 'behinds' of 20th Century Fox, and the 'private area' of Wolverine, Reynolds' Deadpool has landed, hard. Which is a bit impractical on the knees. (Yes, that was a reference.) But nevertheless, completely and utterly brilliant. This is Tim Miller's directional debut and an incredible one at that. The pacing is quick and sharp, the screenplay by Rhett Reese & Paul Wernick is fantastic, the explicitly violent and gory sequences are, well, gory, and the on-screen chemistry between characters and we, us... the audience, is genius. Breaking multiple fourth walls and walls within walls, Reynolds has given us the 'Merc with a mouth' we all deserve. This is an origin story, but it realises this and drifts completely from the usual formula or story arc used in superhero movies. Instead it kicks off with Wade Wilson as Deadpool, in a taxi, with a mission. To find the guy that messed him up. Then, as the film progresses, Deadpool tells us how he became who he is. It's very unique, and it's one of the things I really appreciated about this film.The original music score by Tom Holkenborg aka Junkie XL is perfect. The synthesisers incorporated fit the character of Deadpool with absolute ease. It's not used to extremes, but you notice its presence. More notably, the soundtrack is brilliant. It has some classic tracks intertwined into the story, reminiscent of Marvel's Guardians Of The Galaxy back in 2014. This just adds to the chaos of Deadpool on his road of rampage, quite literally.The visual effects and set designs are substantial, I felt the main CG characters were nicely handled, and rendered into the surroundings really well. But I felt a lot of the overall CG versions of set pieces could have been worked on a little more, just to smoothen it out. The opening credits are perfect. Very fun, unique and amusing. The animation is spot-on.I really had a lot of fun with this film, and I believe it's the best Marvel has offered, period. Everyone involved has done a terrific job bringing the beloved Deadpool to life, and it has paid off big time. Bring on the (now confirmed) sequel!One more thing I'd like to praise is the editing. I feel with a lot of action films these days, there are way too many sharp cuts that pull you from what's happening. Editor Julian Clarke has handled this outstandingly, with longer shots so you can really focus on everything that's progressing on-screen. This is a good thing, but I really wish the overall cut was longer. Maybe they'll be a special cut for the home release.You're probably wondering if there's the usual 'Marvel post-credits scene' and of course, there is. It's a little different, as you'd expect from Deadpool, but it's just as brilliant as the film itself. You have to wait until the very end of the credit roll to see it, so sit tight. It's worth it. Also, there is a Stan Lee cameo, and it's hilariously planned. My verdict; Deadpool is now my favourite on-screen Marvel character, taking over from Ant-Man. I believe Reynolds and Miller will have pleased the many fans that have been wishing this day would come... Come? (Oh, you're naughty.)Deadpool, 9/10.
평점: 6	리뷰: A former Special Forces operative turned mercenary is subjected to a rogue experiment that leaves him with accelerated healing powers, adopting the alter ego Deadpool.After a BRILLIANT marketing campaign that set some pretty high expectations, the wait is finally over. The timing of things is perfect, especially with the superheroes overload we are getting lately. I'm not complaining. We like comic book movies, they're fun, but even the most hard core comic book fan can tell you that right now we are oversaturated . Some of them are really good and then we have the Fantastic Four. I was blown away by this film, I loved every minute of it. Coming from someone who didn't know much about Deadpool character, it surprised me in so many ways. It sure as hell beats Kick-Ass and is many, many cuts above Green Lantern. This offshoot of the X-Men series feels like a nasty child next to the shiny delegations of the MCU, as represented by Disney's Avengers franchise and Sony's not-so-amazing Spider Man. This wholesome "reboot" pulls off that postmodern trick of getting away with formulas and clichés simply by pointing them out. Deadpool knows what world its in and since it exists within this world, the movie is fully aware of it: self-aware in every way and self-referential. It completely breaks the fourth wall, with its main character looking at the audience and stating something that we are already thinking about in today state of comic book films, this is beautiful. Let's talk about this, as it's easy - especially nowadays - to watch a comic book film and just go like "OMG! There's so much action and cool stuff, him punching things really hard, I loved it!" Thats' not what I loved the most about. It's the script. The script is extremely funny. It's a smart structure, one that really sidesteps the major issue with origin stories: the suited up main attraction being mostly absent for the first hour or so. Plus, Wolverine or Superman require something interesting to do - for the most part - but what Deadpool is up to here is less important than the fuss he makes about it and the film still is quite entertaining (a fight, a kidnapping, a rescue attempt and roll credits). For years, Hollywood hasn't known what to do with this "Sexiest Man Alive" and his caustic charm. At least in this film they new exactly how to use Ryan Reynolds: an actor whose smooth leading good looking man roles have long disguised one of the sharpest funnyman in the business; as fans of The Proposal, Definitely, Maybe and Just Friends attest. Here he truly has his role of a lifetime, with his mad energy fuelling the film and his likable almost Clooneyesque goofiness. It's not the kind of star profile that immediately screams "blockbuster" and Reynolds first appearance as Deadpool in X-Men Origins: Wolverine (2009) offered sadly little hint of what he could do with the role. Indeed, this film function as a star vehicle for him, demolishing his physical beauty - a small price to pay when an actor's tongue is this gloriously sharp. Though, even with a face that's been horrifically shattered into what his friend likens to the "offspring of an avocado that had sex with an older avocado", Ryan Reynolds and his character are a blast of laughing. Giving all these self-referential potty talk a delirious comic momentum. He's at his best as Deadpool, nailing snappy jokes and slaying one liners; weirdly similar to his cousin Robert Downey Jr.'s Iron Man but with more sugar in the mix. Reynolds genuinely is fun and he seems to enjoy giving the chance to his chimichanga-loving hero the main stage he deserves. His love story with Vanessa (starring Morena Baccarin) doesn't appear like a plot devices at all. They have good chemistry that sells the love story even more, they feel like a real couple who really enjoys each other. Though Ed Skrein does a far better imitation of Jason Statham as this British badass than he managed in The Transporter Refueled, he doesn't look or sound like a proper villain. He looks more like the villain henchman. In fact, that "British villain" joke in the opening titles is misleading. The Brit in question ... > More on my blog
평점: 9	리뷰: After a glorious marketing campaign, the "Merc with a Mouth" has finally arrived in Deadpool, a film that proves the power fans can have. In the pipeline since 2004, Deadpool was green lit after test footage leaked online during the 2014 Comic-Con. The footage was so well received that the studio had no choice but to announce Deadpool, a film his fans had been well and truly waiting for.Being an R rated film in America and a 15 over here, along with the fact he breaks the fourth wall and is very meta, Deadpool offered audiences an escape from the conventional superhero adventure we are so used to seeing. How unfortunate then that it feels like a bit of wasted opportunity.After falling in love with Vanessa (Morena Baccarin) and being diagnosed with multiple organ cancer, mercenary Wade Wilson (Ryan Reynolds), is offered a chance by Ajax (Ed Skrein) to take part in an experiment that will cure his cancer.The treatment sees Wade injected with a serum designed to unlock mutated cells, and after suffering through torture at the hands of Ajax and Angel Dust (Gina Carano), Wade is left disfigured. Out for revenge on Ajax, Wade becomes Deadpool, the antihero who can't help but run his mouth.Deadpool is Ryan Reynold's passion project, he is as much a fan as those who went nuts over the leaked test footage, and he really is the only person you could imagine playing the character. He is Deadpool in the same way that Robert Downey Jr. is Tony Stark or Hugh Jackman is Wolverine. Reynolds' performance as Deadpool is not one for the ages but is is one that works well within the film. I've always liked Reynolds as a comedic actor and it's that skill set that brings about the film's more entertaining moments. Deadpool wastes no time in throwing us right into the action with an opening title sequence that is both funny and deliriously entertaining. From there, we see Wade's story in flashbacks until we are fully caught up and the film begins to tread that ever-so-familiar formula found in most superhero films. If only the film carried on the way it started. It moves at such a fast pace, thanks to the joke-fuelled screenplay by Paul Wernick and Rhett Reese, and the frantic action directed by Tim Miller, in his directorial debut. One thing that I found quite disappointing was that quite a number of the jokes cheapen the film and I didn't really take to the meta side of the character much. Deadpool was at its best when combining the action with his sense of humour.Coming to the performances, Deadpool doesn't really have a lot to shout about. Reynolds is of course the star of the show so he gets the majority of screen time and jokes, meaning that others are simply shoved to the side or wasted. T.J. Miller was pretty funny as Wade's friend, Weasel, who gets quite a few laughs but Morena Baccarin is dealt a pretty underwhelming hand as Vanessa. The villains are rather unforgettable too, Ed Skrein and Gina Carano both delivering unspectacular performances.Colossus (Stefan Kapicic) and Negasonic Teenage Warhead (Brianna Hildebrand) were welcome additions to aid Deadpool in his quest for revenge but even then, they don't really do much at all.The funniest moments come when the film isn't trying too hard and there is a homage to everybody's favourite fourth wall breaking character in a post credits scene that tickled me. Deadpool is certainly enjoyable however I don't really think it's as smart or funny as it thinks it is.
평점: 9	리뷰: 11 February 2016 Film of Choice at The Plaza Dorchester Tonight - Deadpool. Ryan Reynolds absolutely nailed this part. The witty one liners and pop culture references had everyone chuckling throughout. The plot, to put it bluntly was average, but you almost didn't notice as it was completely overshadowed by the superbly shot action scenes complete with blood, gore and lots of humour. Reynolds plays Wade Wilson, an ex special forces soldier who has turned to mercenary work to make a living. When up he is finally settled in a flourishing relationship and life seems perfect. He is diagnosed with a terminal illness. As a last resort he turns to a shady underground organisation that offers him a life changing way out. What follows is a tale of desperation and revenge as he tries to reverse the effects of the operation. The whole film was a complete load of fluff, but with lots of humour, action and a killer soundtrack....... and I absolutely loved it....my favourite Marvel film to date!!!!
평점: 10	리뷰: After a disappointing experience from fantastic four, I really couldn't see myself to watch any FOX movie comfortably. But Deadpool was AMAZING. Hands down this is the best Marvel comic movie made by a non-marvel studio and probably among the best ever marvel comic movie. The humour was amazing, the movie was serious at some points the random joke at of nowhere will pit a smile on your face. Moments when they make jokes about other marvel characters and movies like when Deadpool said how the X-men school seemed so empty its as if the studio couldn't afford to have any other characters is just amazing. It shows the writers ready to take anything into the movie.The best thing about the jokes is that they are realistic jokes, they were the jokes you would say in your mind but just couldn't say out. I also couldn't think of anyone better to act Deadpool other than Ryan Reynolds. Its like he was born to play deadpool, definitely one of his best ever performances. And might i also say, this movie has the best opening credits I have ever seen. Only downside to this movie was how long it was other than that it was perfect!
평점: 6	리뷰: This movie meant a lot to me in so many way! I fell in love with this character about 10 years ago and have long awaited a movie presence of him. As you can imagine, I was quite disappointed by his first silver screen appearance in 'X-Men Origins: Wolverine' where he was more of a Baraka hybrid. However, this film made sure to stay true to its comic book heritage. The first time I saw the film was via a competition, in which I got to see it 2 weeks before the UK release date amongst a few of the actors. I was pleasantly surprised by how well the story was told, explaining the origin but yet getting straight to the action. Ryan Reynolds did a fantastic roll as a Producer but a better roll as an Actor. He captured Wade Wilson's personality so well. making him likable but yet fearsome at times! The tone of the movie frequently changes from comical to serious and sometimes even emotional, this helps the film not feel overloaded or intense. All the jokes said by Deadpool are very apt and even come straight from the comics itself, like the 'Shar-Pei' gag. That was a VERY nice touch which I'm sure went past the non comic book readers!The rest of the cast added great support, while not being too distracting. I found a growing interest in Colossus as a character, someone who I felt never showed his full potential on screen in the X-Men films. On that note, It would of been nice to see more X-Men characters involved, which still does not make any sense to me as Fox Studio has the rights to use them, unless it was done on purpose. Deadpool himself does reference that issue.Seeing the film again on the release date allowed me to study it and make note of certain things I might of missed, but all it did was cement the idea of how much I love this film. It did not become repetitive, it still felt fresh and funny.You're probably wondering why I did not give it 10 out of 10. Well, at times I felt the film needed a secondary storyline to help build a gripping narrative. However, that might of been problematic from the way its story was told. Hopefully the next time Deadpool graces the big screen again there will be an opportunity for it to do so.I think it took the mistakes from Deadpool's last depiction to really appreciate this film as the ULTIMATE superhero movie!
평점: 8	리뷰: I had a really fun time in the cinema watching this, but I feel people are hyping this to ridiculous levels. The script is really simple and not that memorable, the way they told it was original but not that great also. The jokes are funny but in a crude 9gag type of way, bunch of pop references, dumb and dirty jokes that will get outdated fast. The acting and characters aren't bad, but aren't specially good, I couldn't really connect with anybody, I kinda felt Colossus was the most fleshed out character, the other just felt like clichés. The movie looks really cheap, the color grading is absolutely terrible, and the CGI goes from bad to decent. The action isn't that great also, 90% of the best action scenes and gore appeared in the trailers. I had fun and laughed a lot watching this movie, but it felt more like a stand up show than a real movie, it looked like the filmmakers were only worried on making the public laugh and didn't care about making a great movie, but it's still a lot fun just not that good.
평점: 9	리뷰: This is my review for Deadpool (spoiler free).If you don't know who Deadpool is, he is a wisecracking mercenary named Wade Wilson who is very aware he is in a comic book. Ryan Reynolds is perfect for the role of the merc with a mouth, under the direction of newbie director Tim Miller this is the film that Deadpool have been waiting for.Cast: Ryan Reynolds, Ed Skrein, Morena Baccarin and T.J Miller.Plot: A former Special Forces operative turned mercenary is subjected to a rogue experiment that leaves him with accelerated healing powers, adopting the alter ego Deadpool. It's an origin story and a very good one.This hilarious action comedy is filled with funny wisecracking jokes that will leave you crying with laughter probably every five minutes, among the hilarity there are ultra-violent action scenes with wisecracking jokes.Let me go through some points of why I think this is the Marvel film to see this year:Violent action scenes: The strong bloody violence makes this the perfect Deadpool film for any Marvel fan. What else can I say about that?Fourth-wall breaking: The joy doesn't stop there with the action and sex references there is also amazing fourth-wall breaking that is just relentless. The film certainly delivers even from it's meager $50 million production budget certainly less than other Marvel movies. This is Ryan Reynolds at his best he is perfect for the role as the Canadian anti-hero, it's certainly a lot better than 2011's Green Lantern starring the same actor.Tim Miller made this film well and will probably go down in history as one of the best Marvel films all time. This action packed comedy is rude, funny and full of violence in my opinion this is by far the best film of 2016 so far, and I recommend it to everyone. Seriously you will endlessly be laughing with joy. 10/10 is not enough of a rating for this film. Must see. Can't wait for the director's cut later this year.
평점: 9	리뷰: I'm one of those people who first saw the leaked test footage some years ago and having been a Deadpool comic book fan from a young age, have been hoping that the movie would get made and in a way that honours the comic book.If you are a fan of the Deadpool comics and can forgive that they have lightened up a little just to have this made at all, this is a fantastic movie.Right from the credits (which you have to pay attention to) there are 4th wall breaches, which give you an indication of the type of movie that you're about to watch. The initial part of the movie is interspersed with parallel telling of Deadpool's origin story and the current period time, a difference of about 2 years right up until Deadpool hits the motorway - which is where the test footage starts to look very familiar.The movie is definitely bloody and not at all for the faint hearted, however the comedy aspect of it makes the gory scenes almost so unbelievable that you can laugh them off - between people being shot in the head, you have Deadpool being shot in the ass - which lightens the whole mood of near decapitation by a single bullet.The laughs don't stop coming either, even in the midst of all that violence. The 4th wall is constantly broken - from the appearance of a toy "Wade Wilson" as a kind of Deadpool from that X-Men:Wolverine movie that we would want to forget him appearing in, to references of McAvoy and Stewart as Charles Xavier. The jokes are juvenile and crude, and the action violent and bloody - apart from a few jokes which I don't believe translated as well to little old New Zealand - I absolutely loved it and plan to go see it again!Do make sure you check the closing credits and stay right until the very last credits!!
평점: 9	리뷰: Deadpool is a superhero comedy film based on the Marvel comic of the same name. As an adaptation of a crude, violent and hilarious comic book, it is very successful. For me, it has dethroned Kick-Ass as the funniest comic book film I have ever seen.Wade Wilson (Ryan Reynolds) is a wise-cracking mercenary who protects his clients from unwanted associates. One day, Wade is diagnosed with cancer in most of his important internal organs. In an attempt to cure the cancer, Wade undergoes a top secret experiment which leaves him with accelerated healing powers and a sick, twisted sense of humour. As a result, he becomes Deadpool, the "Merc With A Mouth".Filled with all the meta-humour and action one would expect to see, Deadpool is one of the best comic book adaptations to date. You know a movie is off to a good start when even the opening credits have you laughing. There's no denying that this is the role that Ryan Reynolds was born to play. He embodies Deadpool so perfectly, that it is impossible for me to see any other actor portraying the character. There's rarely a dull moment.I rate it 8.5/10
평점: 6	리뷰: Actually went to see the opening premiere at midnight this morning and it was awesome. The movie is first of all a treat for the fans but I think it will also appeal to the people that are getting tired of the superhero genre or dislike it. Ryan Reynolds shines as Deadpool and has really redeemed himself from his other superhero outing on screen. From the opening credits to the very end, the movie fires off jokes and oneliners at the rate of a machine gun. It is a very good homage to the comic book series and the breaking of the fourth wall only disrupted the flow of the movie once for me, then again it was in a way that was also done in the comics, so I cannot actually fault it. If you're worried about sex scenes or the violence, well, it is in there, but honestly most of the stuff you see in the trailer is in the first 20 minutes of the movie, after that it's a lot less. Kudos to Ryan Reynolds and Tim Miller for bringing this adaptation to the big screen, because I loved it (and I'm not even a fanboy for the the comics either).
평점: 7	리뷰: WHEN watching the trailer for Deadpool, I expected it to be about a wise-cracking and crass superhero with a penchant for showing off his taut body in a red spandex outfit. My expectation was proved true when I watched it. I just never expected it to be filled with dollops of crude humour.The film actually has a soft spot, even though it's littered with profanities and action scenes that would make Arnold Schwarzenegger go green with envy.On the surface, it's about a superhero whose face is so scarred that people in the streets avoid walking near him. Deep down, however, it's about whether his girlfriend can look him in the eye and accept him for who he is.Ryan Reynolds doesn't have a good track record playing superheroes. His Green Lantern (2011) quickly faded into oblivion. He, however, takes a different tack with Deadpool, using his motormouth, instead of his dashing handsomeness, to portray his character's quirks and insecurities.Read more at www.abigspark.blogspot.com
평점: 9	리뷰: This was just a terrible film all together. The fact that this film has already been given an 8.9 is, quite frankly, disturbing and one of the many reasons god doesn't talk to us anymore. The casting is honestly terrible and Deadpool should have only ever have been played by Mark Wahlberg. The Fourth Wall is broken too many times and him knowing he is in a film is also one of the other factors ruining the film. The scripting is terrible and the jokes are poorly written. I feel the film has only been given an 8.9 as a tribute to the Director and the fact that he has ruined his career with this terribly bad film. Personally, I would rather scrape my eyes out with a spoon than watch this poorly made, horrible film.
평점: 8	리뷰: Spoiler spoiler spoiler Well I watched dead pool yesterday and all I can say is wow. What a different take on the super hero genre. For one as he says in the film it's not a super hero film it's a love story. However it's a funny love story with many funny moments. I've never heard blind jokes that made me laugh Ryan Reynolds changed all of that. This part was made for him and there was action laughs sad moments and it touched all areas. Dead pool is a guy names wade who gets diagnosed with cancer. He decides he doesn't want his girlfriend to have to see him die so he decided to get some special treatment done which basically Turns him into dead pool. When turned into dead pool the side affects are gruesome and he blames the people who changes him. He decides he wants to get his messed up face fixed. So goes on a killing spree to get the guy who did it to him. Basically there is some kind of corporation that turns people into mutants by torturing them. So after getting the back story and working his way through armies of people he gets stopped by the xmen in the form of colossus and some girl who's name escapes me. Again there are allot of laughs when they come into the film. I don't want to spoil to much so please go and see this great film that sits on the top of the podium with guardians of the galaxy as marvels best installment to date. This film isn't really a children's marvel films it's more of an adults marvel film with allot of swearing and gore. Amen to that
평점: 8	리뷰: Irreverent, twisted comic book hero (or antihero): check. Self- deprecating humor with references to actors and other movies: check. Action-packed scenes filled with blood-splattered violence: check. Ryan Reynolds at his wisecracking best: check. Gratuitous nudity with Marvel comic book writer Stan Lee as the strip club MC: check. Booming sound effects and amazing visual effects that make this a movie to be seen on the big screen: check. Customary comic book movie after credits scene: check. Unconventional comic book movie that is bound to annoy and frustrate tame, unadventurous viewers: check. Wade Wilson (Ryan Reynolds) is a former Special Forces operative turned mercenary who protects women from would-be stalkers. One night he meets female escort Vanessa (Morena Baccarin) in a strip club and they become romantically involved for about one year. His life is shattered when he discovers that he has multiple organ cancer. He undergoes an experimental procedure to cure his cancer but the serum injected by Francis aka Ajax (Ed Skrein) proves to be torturous and life changing, leaving him with special healing powers and a disfigured face. Not wanting to upset Vanessa, Wade leaves her and lives with a blind woman named Al (Leslie Uggams). With the help of X- Men Negasonic Teenage Warhead (Brianna Hildebrand) and Colossus (voice of Stefan Kapicic), the masked vigilante Deadpool as he is now known, seeks revenge and will stop at nothing to acquire a cure for his disfigurement.The opening credits such as 'Directed by an overpaid tool" played over the song "Angel of the Morning" by Juice Newton are a precursor for the unconventional comic book antics to come. There's flashbacks, flashbacks within flashbacks, the protagonist talking to the camera, raunchy sex scenes, nudity, excessive profanity and extreme violence including severed body parts, all features that you don't expect from a comic book superhero. People expecting the 'normal' movie based on a comic book will be disappointed. Let yourself go and you're going to have some fun.Ryan Reynolds makes up for the atrocities of his previous portrayal of a comic book character in The Green Lantern. He's in excellent form here, showcasing his comedic talents which even include poking fun at himself. He lives and breathes the part of Deadpool and is sure to please fans of this 'superhero'. The in-jokes involving the X-Men characters are just one of the many highlights of the unorthodox comedy strategy employed by the writers Rhett Reese and Paul Wenick. Credit must also go to the director. This is Tim Miller's first feature length film. He is better known as a visual effects artist and it's evident in his direction how much he knows about this field. Even the CGI creation in Colossus is a character you have to admire. Ryan Reynolds gets most of the best lines. The other human characters are adequate more than exceptional. They are merely pawns to Ryan Reynold's King. There are a few flat moments when the over- the-top humor doesn't always work and the violence becomes gratuitous. And of course if you're a prude, you won't be feeling comfortable during some of the scenes.This is unlike any superhero movie seen before. It's definitely not for the faint-hearted and those who are easily offended. It's a fresh take on the comic book movie genre, breathing life and vigor, and most importantly, making up for the disappointment of the previous Marvel movie in "Fantastic Four". http://mlaimlai2.wix.com/magical-movie-review
평점: 8	리뷰: Deadpool is directed by first time director Tim Miller and stars Ryan Reynolds, Ed Skrein, Morena Baccarin and Stefan Kapicic, and tells the story of a former Special Forces operative turned mercenary, who is subjected to a rogue experiment that leaves him with accelerated healing powers. Therefore adopting the alter ego "Deadpool".It's unbelievable to say, but Fox did it. They made the Deadpool movie I could only dream of. Everything was perfect to the last detail. From the opening credits all the way to the ending. I was surprised to see that they took extra effort in putting in all these small, but hilarious details. It really is a relief that I can say that Deadpool succeeded. I just had so much fun watching this film and the audience in my theater loved it too. Even the six year old in my theater loved it! He just kept on laughing and cheering. It was amazing!Ryan Reynolds is amazing as Deadpool. The guy nailed it. From the jokes, all the way to the famous Deadpool characteristics. It was spot on. And the banter between him and Colossus was just perfect! I'm glad to hear that Reynolds is returning to play Deadpool in future installments. As far as I'm concerned, he wants to play Deadpool forever.The directing by Tim Miller was phenomenal! Very impressive for a first time director. He inserted all the fourth wall breaks in brilliant ways. The action scenes were filmed stunningly and they were breath taking. I'm eager to see what he does next. Rather it be another Deadpool film or something complete different.The biggest praise I can give this movie is that I wanted it to keep on going. I just didn't want it to stop! I actually felt sad when the credits started rolling. Well, I'm definitely going to see it again and my rating might go up a notch. Witch would make it a perfect 10/10.Deadpool is a hilarious, action packed and most of all an entertaining film. You won't be disappointed. Also! Be on the lookout for a very hilarious end credits scene.
평점: 8	리뷰: Where shall I start with this hilarious, action-packed and witty film? Deadpool is a funny film from start to finish – the humour is laugh out loud funny. The movie itself doesn't take itself totally seriously and this is perfect for a film like Deadpool. Ryan Reynolds truly was born to play this character as his dead pan or rather Deadpool performance was very watchable. Morena Baccarin is also very good as the main female lead of the film. She adds another perspective on the piece overall. Ed Skrein is a slightly clichéd villain but this does not take away from the film as Reynolds really does steal the screen. The on screen action is fantastic and stylised. The progression of the story is also very good (although unconventional). The brilliant writing and clever observations really are the strong foundations of this film though. To conclude I thought Tim Miller did a stand up job on this first feature film. I hope Deadpool returns and continues to make me laugh. Overall, I would give this film 8.9 out of 10. The film was extremely funny but was just missing a little something to be 9 out of 10 for me. This being said, I think Deadpool is a great movie and I highly recommend it to anyone who wants not only a laugh but a good action flick.
평점: 8	리뷰: This was just, it. Like the title says, everything you'd expect and more.The humor is there, just as much as you'd expect, and than a little more. But it isn't overwhelming, there's seriousness as well.It's the perfect mixture of everything Deadpool, the humor, the mouth, the story. The intro is Deadpool, the credits are Deadpool, the after credits scene is Deadpool.He speaks to you, he speaks to me, he'll even speak to your wife/girlfriend/husband/boyfriend who isn't into superhero movies. Because this isn't a superhero movie. This is a Deadpoolmovie, or maybe a Ryan Reynolds movie.There are just so many things, small and big, that make this movie. The story (for those who don't already know it), the small (and the big) references to the X-Men, the jokes. Oh the jokes.This movie is just marvelous. Go watch it.
평점: 8	리뷰: "You're probably thinking 'This is a superhero movie, but that guy in the suit just turned that other guy into a f----ng kebab.' Surprise, this is a different kind of superhero story." DeadpoolRyan Reynolds' titular Deadpool is not like any other superhero; in fact he's an antihero. He murders men and women and murders language as well. Yet, his unceasing banter is sometimes witty and full of cultural allusions, especially to X Men, who would like him to join them.But he's not ready yet, for he needs to track down the baddie, Ajax (Ed Skrein), who gave him a horrible face as a result of an experiment that cured his cancer and gave him supernatural powers. In the course of the pursuit, Wade (Deadpool's civilian name) meets Vanessa (Morena Baccarin), a dark-haired beauty who makes his life worth living.Most of the film is of course the usual CGI comic-book roughhousing but peppered with so much irony and sarcasm that it's worthwhile just trying to catch half the tossed-off lines. Reynolds is a master of the one liners, many of which can be found in the IMDb sidebar "quotes." For example: "WAIT! You may be wondering why the red suit. Well, that's so bad guys don't see me bleed." Or "I didn't ask to be super, and I'm no hero. But when you find out your worst enemy is after your best girl, the time has come to be a f----ng superhero." DeadpoolAnyway, it's the kind of dialogue best suited to adolescent boys, but this arrested adult critic finds the dialogue entertaining and the movie a refreshingly sardonic take on an inviolate genre. Enjoy this out of the summer-hero fest at a time of year when we all can welcome the relief from otherwise mediocre and boring fare.
평점: 8	리뷰: Deadpool (2016) Directed by Tim Miller Cinema Ryan Reynold has tried to get this Deadpool film off the ground for 10 years as he is a big fan of the character and desperately wants to make amends for how the character was butchered in the now defunct timeline of X-Men Origins: Wolverine. It took the leaking of some old commissioned test footage that got comic fandom buzzing to finally get greenlit. Then Reynolds and co wisely settled for a very low budget so they could keep the film R rated and have delivered a film very authentic to its origins. For those unaware of Deadpool, he is a former Special Forces operative turned smart mouthed mercenary who is subjected to a rogue experiment that leaves him with accelerated healing powers, adopting the alter ego Deadpool. He is part of the Marvel universe or more specifically within big screen parameters, the X-Men universe. He is famous for being the one character who constantly breaks the fourth wall and speaks to the readers directly, or in this case viewers. Everything about his character is not the usual fare for superhero films which is half the reason he has never made it properly for this long. Reynolds was born for the role and he delivers with the help of a smart script that does not hold back and my shock many who are used to the PG super hero films of the last decade. The supporting cast are great too and include some familiar characters. There is no shaky-cam for the action which is great and it really delivers. The budget may have been quite low comparatively but it rarely shows except for in the special effect in a small part of the finale. This may end up being the funniest comedy of the year, the best action film of the year, the raunchiest R rated film of the year and it wouldn't surprise me if in a year when there are more high profile super-hero films coming out than ever before, that this ends up being at the top of that mountain too. This is a smaller film that does not need for their to be earth destroying consequences to give it gravitas. Much like Ant-man from last year the situation is smaller but the film has relationships set up and some heart as well but not unlike the Daredevil netflix show, the gloves are off here and they are way off and anything goes!
평점: 10	리뷰: Former Special Forces operative Wade Wilson(Reynolds, hilarious) is lending his services to those who need it for small fries – but don't call him a hero. When he learns he has cancer pretty much everywhere, he goes along with an experiment that may bring out his mutant superpowers, if he has any. It leaves him able to heal any injury, while also rather unattractive. He fears his romantic partner Vanessa(Baccarin, sexy, charming) won't want him anymore, and tries to find Ajax(Skrein, easy to hate...in the right way), who was in charge, and who claims he can reverse the effects.A straightforward revenge story, complete with a love interest, leaves this just mainstream enough to satisfy the studio heads, and lets writers Reese and Wernick, as they did with Zombieland, play around with every single other genre trope, subverting our expectations and delivering an enjoyable ride to those just coming in as well as those all too familiar with the comic adaptation. The cool, swift action isn't big enough to compete with Captain America: The Winter Soldier, it's the first movie in the X-Men franchise to refuse to add several detailed abilities(leaving it rather bland, with both sides just being "incredibly strong"), and it is very much an origin flick. While there's no teleportation, we do get dual Desert Eagles and Katanas, and there's acrobatics all over the place. And this does justice to the non-stop barrage of pop culture references and irreverence of the Merc with the Mouth. The fourth wall breaks are kept sparse enough to have the most impact.There is a lot of strong language, a moderate amount of brutal bloody disturbing violence, and a little nudity in this. I recommend this to anyone who has a dark, twisted sense of humor. 8/10
평점: 9	리뷰: Deadpool truly is the role that Ryan Reynolds was born to play and this movie is an utterly phenomenal adaption of the property.The movie remains remarkably true to it's source material. There are fourth wall breaks within fourth wall breaks. Jokes at the expense of the actors playing the characters, at the expense of the cast and crew, the movie and comic book industries in general, comic book movies in particular, the history of the star in comic book movies, and more. The movie was clearly made for adults, although possibly not oriented towards our most mature and adult sides. It is utterly unsuitable for children, both in terms of graphic violence, sexual innuendo, graphic male nudity and hilariously scarring depictions of self affection. Even the end credit stick figure graphics include content that that is hilariously unsuitable for children.As a long time fan of the comic books, I was immensely happy with the movie. It was everything I could have hoped for from a Deadpool movie. It was low brow, offensive, violent, adult humor done extremely well. I think however that even for someone who is not an existing fan of the comics - the movie stands alone well as a brilliantly funny and irreverent spin on the comic book adaption genre. And in light of the news that a sequel has been green lit - it seems like a fantastic launch platform for a phenomenal franchise.I highly recommend that every adult who has ever appreciated super hero violence or laughed at a penis watch this movie at the first opportunity. I can't wait to watch it again.
평점: 1	리뷰: First of all I love comic book movies so I'm pretty biased to begin with, but that been said I really enjoyed this. A lot!! I've always thought Ryan Reynolds was a great choice for ol dp. He started out great in wolverine origins then some genius had to "improve " on an already great character by making him unrecognisable from his comic book counterpart. I mean whoever thought the merc with the (sown up) mouth was a good idea should seriously get their had checked. Thankfully deadpool does what he does best in this movie. Run his mouth and kick ass spectacularly. It's pretty much nonstop action and laughs from the get go. Reynolds has redeemed himself with this as far as I'm concerned his motormouth fits deadpool perfectly. The rest of the cast are pretty good too. The villain is nothing special but not terrible either. The costume is spot on as is the humour and I would enjoy sitting through it again I'm sure. Only bad things I can think of is the movie is a little short or feels like it anyway and as I would have liked a little longer and would've liked his healing factor showcased a bit more. When All's said and done though It's the best non pg 13 comic book movie I've seen by far.
평점: 9	리뷰: This Movie marketing is much better than the movie itself! I expected, it would be great, well-directed, and well-written, but the fact is: it's just 'Kick-Ass' with 'Marvel' package. Violence, comedy, romance, violence, comedy, romance, violence, comedy, romance. Pointless. Meaningless. Bad script. Bad directed. So many movies have better romance story, 'The Raid' has better action scenes, and the jokes in this movie are crude, dumb, and dirty. With a bunch of pop references that will get outdated fast. Not even understood by people outside America. This movie tries so hard to entertain, but it's boring! It's absolutely cheap, this movie just tries to make you laugh, that's all, there's no good stroy! Mark Wahlberg should be in it. Most over-hyped movie so far.
평점: 10	리뷰: In a year populated with Superhero / Comic-book movies, Deadpool enters the fray first as this lovable anti-hero delivers a truly one of a kind not so superhero movie.Wade Wilson is a mercenary for hire who's unfortunately stricken by cancer. Desperate to find a cure, he enlists on an secret experimental program *cough cough Weapon X cough cough*. However things do not go as planned as the program left him for dead, though cured of his cancer and more, Wade Wilson came out a completely changed person. Seeking for retribution, Wade Wilson adapts the codename Deadpool and searches for the people who tortured him.One of the most beloved comic book character finally hits the screen with Deadpool. Now he's been portrayed before from a different movie, but it's a movie better of forgotten and buried in a "never to watch again" box. This movie on the other hand, does the character justice. It's everything a Deadpool fan asks for in a Deadpool movie. It's crude, violent, extremely funny and all around enjoyable. The movie takes advantage of it's R Rating and it works incredibly well.Ryan Reynolds is perfect as Deadpool, it's as if he was born to play this character. His jokes are witty and delivers them with perfect timing. From his sarcasm, to his foul language to references to other superhero movies from breaking the fourth wall and talking to the audience. These are lines a fan would thoroughly enjoy. The side characters were done well, the addition of Colossus and Negasonic Teenage Warhead (geez that's a mouthful) compliment's Deadpool nicely, specially Colossus who's given a much needed personality. Though Deadpool is still the star of the film, Colossus (voiced by Stefan Kapicic) gave a nice noticeable performance.Though the movie is incredibly fun and laugh out loud funny. It's with flaws, the antagonists Ajax (Ed Skrein) and Angel (Gina Carano) were one dimensional and though they play the villains well, there's not much else to them. Also some of the CG were obvious and one can tell that there this movie was not made with the same budget as other superhero movies. However these are just minor flaws, and it shouldn't ruin anyone's viewing experience.Overall Deadpool has definitely raised the bar for the rest of the superhero movies coming out this year. With a perfect on-screen adaptation of a comic- book character, Deadpool delivers a refreshing take on the superhero genre. It's a satirical movie who's not afraid to comment on the clichés and flaws of said superhero movies. It's self referential yet uses this to it's advantage to deliver a near perfect anti-superhero movie. Highly recommended for people who are familiar with the product, likewise for people just looking for a good laugh.
평점: 10	리뷰: This film has finally corrected the mistakes made by the Origins version of Deadpool. It was the perfect blend of Deadpool's hilarious humour and brutal fight scenes. I have been waiting for this movie for what seem's like forever and I can honestly say it will be my favourite all time film. Guardians of the Galaxy definitely set the bar high for humour for the marvel universe but then Deadpool came a long and honestly made GotG look like it tried to hard. I love this movie. Watch it. Seriously do not miss out on what is the best film ever made of a comic book!
평점: 2	리뷰: Ryan Reynolds best performance yet! God was he made for this role, it just suits him so well! If its not obvious yet i f*****g LOVED this movie!!!! And place it among my all time favorite superhero movies a Guardians of the galaxy and Avengers. Granted the story was way less grand, no eminent threat to the globe and mankind as a whole, but the cast and the manuscript, just brilliant!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!I definitely recommend this to others, although you might not want to take yungsters or ur grandma as Deadpool has the movie has some serious gore and adult jokes in it! :D
평점: 9	리뷰: The wacky humor is there, that's a plus and that's all that was needed. Unfortunately -- unlike the game -- the movie is extremely violent and full of gore and may cause nightmares. I like the jokes but find the unnecessary violence -- which includes torture -- in bad taste and it cancels out all the fun.I haven't read the comics, maybe they are equally violent, but there's a way to film a violent comedy -- even a gory one -- without making it real. Take a lesson from Peter Jackson's "Braindead".Missing from this movie is the fragmentation of his personality that pervaded the computer game. I wonder if the movie is true enough to the original character.Avoid if you have any good taste at all. Else have fun.
평점: 10	리뷰: Deadpool, if you casually dip in and out of the comic genre, is a superhero. You may have heard the name somewhere on screen before, but probably forgotten. However, if you know your comics then you probably salivated at the prospect of seeing the 'merc with a mouth' going toe to toe with Wolverine in the X-man's 'origins' movie. Then you watched it and uttered words that no self-respecting spell checker should let me type.Basically, the makers of Wolverine: Origins completely messed up (putting it mildly) and the fans were not amused. Yes, Ryan Reynolds was actually a pretty good choice for the gobby anti-hero, but then they pretty much cellotaped his mouth shut and completely reinvented his character in the worst way possible. It actually makes a nice change to see a studio admit they totally got it wrong and do something about it (even if the decision is largely governed by money!).And that could have been that. However, luckily Mr Reynolds himself campaigned to bring a truer representation of the source material to the big screen. And, amazingly, it happened. And I'm so glad it did.Deadpool, is a superhero movie. You probably guessed that – you have the man in a mask who you pretty much know is going to go out there and beat the baddies and save the girl, yadder, yadder, yadder... However, what Deadpool also is, is a comedy. That being said – it's NOT a spoof. It's a tongue-in-cheek little number which has better action scenes than most action films and better comedy than most comedy films.I'm almost tempted to say that it's a film that anyone can enjoy. I can certainly see both men and women having a good time watching it. However, it definitely is a film for MEN and WOMEN. Whereas Marvel's current cinematic universe is kind of geared at kids (and us kids who never grew up) there is plenty in Deadpool that no parent will want to explain to their little darling. Again, don't let that fool you into thinking that it's all toilet humour – let's just call it 'adult' humour and leave it at that.Basically, Deadpool is great. Ryan Reynolds is mouthy, but never annoying and totally owns the role (as it should be when he plays the titular character). The supporting cast all do their bit, but it's Deadpool himself all the way. Please let this be the start of a franchise. It's probably a little too much to expect to see him crossing studio picket lines and ending up in the Marvel universe where he – truly – belongs, but we can always hope. If nothing else, I'm well up for a 'Deadpool 2' outing.
평점: 8	리뷰: After the brilliant marketing this movie had, I had unreal expectations. I was afraid I will be disappointed like with so many other movies. This didn't meet my expectations, it was way bigger than that. I loved every minute. It is action packed. It has a love story. I cried from laughter. I absolutely loved the references Deadpool was making throughout the whole movie. I loved the X-men mutants and I loved the villains. And I definitely loved the craziness of this antihero. I must confess, I haven't heard of Deadpool before the marketing team made their magic, but after this brilliance of a movie, I am definitely starting to read the comics.And the after credits scenes.. so awesome. Way better than any other after credits scenes from other Marvel movies. All in all, it deserves to be watched. More than once. This is a movie that you'll be sorry if you don't go and watch it.
평점: 10	리뷰: After a long time, truly did laugh my arse off in a theater. Trust me, I prefer superhero movies with a nice story/twist, and dark, gritty. This was truly an exception. Moreover, it's rated R for all the good reasons !Ryan Reynolds was epic in his role of Wade Wilson AKA Deadpool. Morena Baccarin plays his ravish girlfriend, Vanessa. TJ Miller is there for some comic relief. But..it's all about Deadpool. It's all him. Not the villains, not the guest stars, it's all him and his crude, vulgar yet, hilarious humor. The timings are impeccable.Villains and Guest stars, Gina Carano AKA Angel was pretty cool and sexy. Stefan Kapicic AKA Colossus was there for some impressive CGI showdown, and comic relief. Brianna Hildebrand AKA Negasonic Teenage Warhead, solely picked because of the name, was impressive. Specially her powers. The best guest star was not there in body, you'll find out.Overall, if you want great laughter, enjoy epic fights and a simple story, Deadpool is the movie. Marvel keeps on impressing us.
평점: 10	리뷰: In fact this movie doesn't really need a critic, because IT'S A FACT that this movie was PERFECT in every aspect! And I'm talking as a Non-DC/Marvel fan.Insanely Great Comedy with great Jokes at the right moment - Specific and interesting Spoofs - Acceptable Sex Scenes and Nudity - Decent Violence for a Rated superhero movie - A bit of Gore to give us that extra taste - Decent use of Bad Language - Epic Action (mainly at the very beginning and the very end) - Great Comic Adaptation - Creative Story DisplayI could pass all day describing all the positive points of it, though on the other hand i cannot find a single negative side of it. Even those credit scenes were very well done.Overall, besides being a great superhero movie, it also is a very good comedy and action movie! And ... I don't doubt that this movie can be considered the best super hero movie ever made until now!!I give 10 STARS, and in my opinion, it does not deserve anything below 9, talking as the general audience.
평점: 8	리뷰: I've been waiting this movie since I watch the trailer. I actually don't know what to say or explain, but if you're a big fan of marvel, like I do, you're gonna like this movie! The story line, it's so classy simply and entertaining. God.. I really enjoyed this movie last night. and all the audience was SO in love with this movie, I see them laugh, not like "uugh laugh", but this is so dang funny man! satisfied for sure. I hope they will continue with DP II. every minutes in this movie is a thing. and Ryan Reynolds killed it. you killed it man! But this is not just a funny movie of course, when I watched this, I feel like touched too, the love is in the air, The DP love everyone! I think I will watch this movie again. Sorry not sorry. Woohoo!
평점: 7	리뷰: Fans of Deadpool have waited at least 7 years for the "Merc with a Mouth"to get his own film, and finally we have it, but even better is after the wait it delivers. Ryan Reynolds is perfectly cast as Deadpool, and his dedication to getting the character right forms a true portrayal of a character that is very hard to get right, as we learned 7 years ago. Deadpool is hilarious, bitingly smart, and paced like the foul mouthed energizer bunny from hell. In an interview Reynolds said this film has been in production for 11 years, it would seem that the long wait helped the film, because by the time they finally made it, everybody involved wanted to get it right.Deadpool is genuinely hilarious film, by that I mean there are multiple times where everybody in the theater laugh hysterically. The film is even funnier for those that love, and know all about comic book films, because it makes snide comments about the studio and the genre all throughout. Fans of the character will appreciate the fact that Deadpool doesn't pull any punches, it's hilarious from the opening credits to the post credits scene. On top of that Reynolds comedic chops are perfectly complemented by the foul mouthed anti-hero.It shouldn't come as any kind of a surprise that Deadpool is a meta film, as the character's trademarks are breaking the fourth wall, and poking fun at other comic book characters. The film manages to avoid being clichéd, because of it's meta film approach and while not dodging all clichés it winks when it uses one. For those that have seen or genuinely obsess over comic book films, the film is littered with snide pokes at the genre, and a warning for those interested these pokes come early and often. The film is witty to a fault, and honors the character perfectly.From the hilarious opening of the film to the post credits scene the pacing of the film is frenetic. The film begins with a bang, and brilliantly tells it's story in a non-linear format that keeps the film from ever feeling slow. It would have been nice if the low budget hadn't been so noticeable, despite the fact that it gives Deadpool plenty of fodder. One thing that seemed poorly done was the Colossus character, because he's featured in the other X-Men films as a completely different character in look and personality.In the end lovers of the deadpool character will love the film, because it's faithful to everything the character embodies. The film is smart, funny, well-paced, and builds off Reynolds performance to make a genuinely entertaining film. The film has a few small flaws that are few and far between, but overall succeeds in respectfully bringing "The Merc with a Mouth" to the big screen. Note that this film is very mature, but when looking for a great film for an adult's night out this film is perfect.
평점: 10	리뷰: The goofy R-rated superhero story has a very cool opening sequence that has been shown repeatedly in the trailers then a lot of talking, after all this is an origin tale. Ryan Reynolds pushes the limit of his comedic ability working to get jokes, some hit, some are just over the top. The fourth wall breaking was fun every once in a while and the awareness of the complications of reboots, spinoffs, and production company franchise struggle over these money machines will land with the movie nerds who paid attention and go over the head of the regular movie goer.The action was top notch though I always want more fighting and explosions and car chases. The fact that there were only really two scenes reflects the limited budget this superhero got as he isn't one of the most popular heroes. I do think the Deadpool stock will rise especially if this movie is a smash at the box office. The final fight scene had some cool action beats but was interrupted often by the silly banter of the protagonist. There was an unfortunate montage of action that would have benefited from another actual scene of Deadpool hunting. Check out more of this review and others at swilliky.com
평점: 10	리뷰: I just came from watching Deadpool and it's the first time in such a long time that I've been needing to write a review.Deadpool was such a great movie, it truly lived up to the hype. Not since Guardians of the Galaxy have I seen a superheroes movie play true homage to the original content. Deadpool is all about the jokes, the fun, breaking the 4th wall and not taking itself too serious, and this movie has all of that. The casting is also top notch; Ryan Reynolds was born to play Deadpool as he is quite similar in many aspects. And the fact that he makes fun of himself in the movie for being too pretty? Genius. Overall I'd say that it's been the best 12 dollars I've spent in a very long time.
평점: 10	리뷰: Deadpool is directed by Tim Miller and stars Ryan Reynolds, Morena Baccarin, T.J. Miller, and Ed Skrein. First off, when they finally say their doing this movie. I was so excited for it but I was also worried how will they handle this amazing and funny character. I was 100% wrong. They made Deadpool fantastic, better than fantastic. Everything thing was done so well, the acting, action, comedy, storytelling, everything. Ryan Reynolds is truly this whole movie. He did an amazing job, born to play this role. T.J. Miller was great too, I feel like they could of used him more but he was still funny. The villain was good, nothing special just a good villain. The action scenes were fantastic, fast and surprising very funny too. The only negative I had with the movie was the plot, it's be done before and everything like that but it didn't very hurt the overall experience of this amazing move. Also some of humor didn't hit as much they probably wanted too but there's not much of that. Overall Deadpool was the movie that fans wanted for so long, had everything they promised and more. Great action and even better comedy. Even if your not a fan of Deadpool go and watch it, you will not be disappointed
평점: 5	리뷰: Well I saw the film and I just have to say that it's perfect for a Deadpool film!There are a lot of complaining that the film is lazy, stupid, childish, well I just have too say that is Deadpool.He is just a lazy guy with super powers doing what he wants when he wants. He is childish, naughty, full of stupid jokes and a giant perverted! So if you don't like that kind of film, if you don't know Deadpool (like 3/4 of the people in the theatre were I watched) please don't say that the film is bad.If the film is 100% like the source material, the film is perfect.
평점: 10	리뷰: Unfortunately, Fox and Marvel are going to need a little more than strippers and Ryan Reynolds to get out of their slump. I understand this movie is an acquired taste, but I feel as if it was missing a good story. I will admit the comedy did make me grin at some points, but did seem a bit inane for most of the movie. If you're going to do a comedy film, make the jokes witty and clever rather than just having the lead actor cuss every 2 seconds. I honestly thought T.J. Miller's minor role as Weasel was funnier than all of Dead Pool's one-liners combined. I also felt the story jumped around too much. Yes, I understand the beginning of the movie mostly consisted of flashbacks, but when they returned to the main storyline I almost forgot what all had previously happened. The writers wasted a lot of time and ended up focusing more on making the movie "funny" than making the movie worthy of a sequel. I do really hope that Fox and Marvel will improve in their upcoming ventures, but for right now they need to focus on writing a good story. Making the main protagonist indestructible without any weakness kind of eliminates the drama a little bit. *Cough cough*—Man of Steel. Once again, I really do hope that Fox and Marvel can get back to telling the great stories that they were meant to tell instead of just making every comic book they've ever written into a movie.
평점: 6	리뷰: So I just got out of my second viewing of Deadpool, when Marvel studios first kicked off I prayed to god this would happen one day, a Deadpool movie as has been my favorite character since the early 90's with his appearance in New Mutants! So the movie made me very excited and very terrified because this could have just been the biggest fail. Well, it wasn't, everything by Ryan was perfect and I mean perfect, Deadpool is Ryan Reynolds, he nailed it. The costumes where great, they really bought him to life with the Animated eyes, really awesome. The humor was perfect, perfect for an R Rated movie, in Deadpool style well timed and extremely witty! The movie is very very very violent, which I kind of gathered it would be, but even so you found most of it funny. . . The jumper punches at DC and everything else through it where amazing, it's very rare these days you sit in a cinema and everyone is laughing! This movie is violent, funny, smart and exciting, everything you expect from Deadpool when you read the comic and now it's on the big screen. 10/10 Can't wait for the second!
평점: 1	리뷰: I had high expectations for this, the trailers looked awesome, and it was R rated! When was the last time a good comic book movie was R rated? (Answer: 2012's excellent Dredd). Ryan Reynolds gets to redeem himself after the disappointing Deadpool-in-name-only from 2009's X-Men Origins: Wolverine, although nobody blames Reynolds himself for that, as it was clearly the writers and studio. Instead with this film we get the Deadpool we always wanted: fourth-wall breaking, constant quipping and the aforementioned R rated violence. Reynolds is perfect in the role, banishing memories of Green Lanterns and mouth-sewn-shut mercs of the past. One a side note, I much prefer this Colossus to the one in previous X-Men films. Stefan Kapicic provides the voice for the motion-captured X-Man and he really nails the character. Brianna Hildebrand as "Negasonic Teenage Warhead" was lots of fun too. Add to that a fantastic soundtrack and one kick ass final action scene, and this is one hell of a good time. After the non-event comic book movies of 2015, we've got our first winner out of the gate for 2016, and in a year where we'll see not one but two films with heavyweight superhero smackdowns, this one may have already beaten both already. I'm going back to see it it at least twice more. Bring on the sequel! (Oh and I won't be getting Salt 'N' Pepa out of my head any time soon... uh here I go here I go here I go again, girls what's my weakness? men!, okay then chillin chillin, mindin my business ...
평점: 6	리뷰: This was one of the most vulgar, ugly, and distasteful movies I have ever seen. My husband and I got up and walked out early in the film. It contained filthy, obscene and crude language and actions in every scene. It was shockingly dark in humor. I can't believe this was a Marvel character. I am appalled at what the movie industry considers entertaining. The character claimed he had a hard childhood and was an "antihero". So he just chose to kill because he enjoyed it? Very sad to know many people find this humorous, but not so surprising in this day and time. Warped and twisted character. If you want to throw away good money, waste your time and be disgusted, then this movie is definitely for you. Not even worth a 1.
평점: 10	리뷰: Well, they got the basics right: the jokes and the violence were quite what I'd expect when seeing one of my favorite comicbook-characters come to life. I had a lot of fun and the movie had the audience roaring with laughter more than once.However, the story and the way the other characters were portrayed couldn't keep up with that. It felt like they put in so much effort to make Deadpool really really Deadpool-ish that they forgot how crazy insane his usual story lines are and just used a 'superhero-movie'-template to make something up. I was disappointed by most characters too, apart from DP only Colossus (to my surprise) and Blind Al seemed to have some substance.Over all, I'd recommend seeing it, but keep your expectations low and just enjoy the fun.
평점: 8	리뷰: Deadpool is definitely one of the most original, creative, unique films (superhero or not) ever made, and it completely shattered all huge expectations i had. So what matters to say:The story is really, really simple. It's an origin story with a revenge story, but the narrative is told in a really fun way, inducing a lot of curiosity and investment. And being this simple is what actually makes the screenplay so good, because it as time to do só much more, like comedy.It's a comedy with action, not the other way around, though there's plenty of action, and the pace is super fast. There's insane action scenes, with epic showdowns, though the film is very small scale, and once again this is what makes it so good, because it goes against everything you are used to see.This is one of the most consistent films I've ever seen, from the very first second (where you watch a credits sequence bound to be a classic, setting up the mood in the most perfect way possible) to literally the last one (where you have a post credits sequence that can top the one from the avengers, because of how it plays with the concept and the audience), it constantly delivers and is constantly perfect. I can count on one hand how many films (all comedies) in history made me laugh so hard, and constantly, and i don't think i ever saw an audience laugh so much in a theater, ever! the humour is without equal, with a million jokes, i really cant imagine how someone could come up with so much great stuff for the entire film. The writers really deserve a lot of praise.The film jokes about everything literally. About fox, how it was made, the marvel films, its system and clichés, tons of other movies, Ryan Reynolds, itself, anything you can imagine, its a pop culture galore, and you will probably enjoy it a little more if you know all about it, though the best part is that its designed so that you can enjoy it even if you don't know.Its a festival of violence for sure, and it earns its R rating. Ryan Reynolds owns the role and basically gives an unforgettable performance, and the rest of the cast is also quite incredible, and the one that can actually be at the same level as Reynolds is the amazing Morena Baccarin. The visual effects are great, but not perfect, and it could have benefited from a bit bigger budget for this, but it isn't the most important thing, not by a long distance. The score is really great, though not what it could be and i felt that it didn't add much to the film actually.Deadpool is the ultimate anti- superhero film, a game changer that will actually make the people behind superhero movies to open their eyes and take things to a new level. Its super fast, super energetic, with a style without equal, mostly thanks to breaking the fourth wall and dark humor approach. Its surprising, as it is different from everything you are used to see in a superhero film. Its a laugh festival, that you have to make sure to wear the yellow pants so no one can see you... Its a film were you are instantly invested and in love with the characters, that no matter how comic and violent it is, it has a huge heart. And everyone, from the writers to the director, to the cast, should have all the praise possible for creating such a perfect film. Given that this is bound to be a huge success, and the second x-men trilogy is ending, it's a foregone conclusion that a new era is about to come, one where Deadpool will be in everything.
평점: 10	리뷰: Boy was this fun. Ryan Reynolds should be commended on bringing Deadpool to the screen, because not many people would be able to rise above the criticism levelled at him over the years for both Green Lantern and X-Men Origins: Wolverine. Beyond that, he should be commended for the performance he gives here. He wears the classic costume with pride, kicks complete ass in the action sequences and is in general the funnest protagonists to grace the comic book screen since Peter Quill, and eclipses both Chris Pratt and Robert Downey Jr. with his sheer charm and humour.After one of the best opening credits sequences ever made, we are treated with a cleverly interspliced story. Deadpool is hunting down his nemesis Francis, but this sequence on the bridge is cut between the origins of Deadpool's powers. The filmmakers knew we would get bored by the same formula, so they shake it up and keep us entertained. That's not to say that the origin story isn't fun. Reynolds and a wonderful Morena Baccarin have enough chemistry to engage us with their love story in the same way that Eisenberg and Stewart did with American Ultra. Ed Skrein is an adequate villain (I believe in you Ed! You can do great stuff!) with enough drips of smug malevolence to make his downfall desirable to the audience. In the present, there's some great work done by Brianna Hildebrand and Stefan Kapičić as a pair of X-Men who try to get Deadpool to join their team. Both of them are so much fun that I found myself wishing for more of them on screen. There's even a hilarious subplot about a taxi driver named Dopinder, which ends up serving the final film instead of being useless. (in stark contrast to Sicario).What accelerates Deadpool is what everyone wanted from Deadpool - humour, fourth wall breaks and general irreverance. Masturbation, and sex jokes are both crass and hilarious (yes you can have both!) Wilson's foul mouth, wit and childish love for innuendo is absolutely irresistible, but best of all are the constant digs at X-Men films, Hugh Jackman and especially Ryan Reynolds himself. I was always holding out for the next fourth wall break and rarely did they disappoint me. I adored the Monty Python inspired jokes and they worked superbly on all fronts. The use of DMX's music is inspired and utterly wonderful. I could find fault only with the action sequences, which are choppy, shaky and almost impossible to decipher. I also felt that having established Negasonic's powers, she was forced to sit on the sidelines to avoid overpowering the whole film. That being said, Tim Miller's directorial choices for the most part were brilliant - especially a cliché-kicking "wow that was awesome!" declaration by Deadpool after what would inevitably be an "OMG where's Wade" towards the film's climax. I'm glad that a debut director got his hands on this property, because anyone experienced in the industry might have been tempted to give into the formula.
평점: 8	리뷰: I've been a huge fan of the Deadpool character for several years, and I've been waiting for this film for years. To finally see this movie on the big screen just felt like a dream. This film exceeded all of my expectations with the phenomenal acting and effects. Ryan Reynolds was made for this role, and the supporting cast was great as well. I would definitely recommend people to see this for the action, as well as the great comedy. But there were some children in the theater and I want to say that this is not appropriate for children. But it will be a great time for adults that are fans of comedy and action films. There is also a post-credit scene that made the film even more enjoyable. Do yourself a favor, and see this film and fall in love with the Merc with the Mouth.
평점: 9	리뷰: As I left the theater I told my wife, 'you know, Deadpool is kind of like the Muppets of comic book-superhero movies'. It wasn't the wisest comparison (maybe filthy f***ing Bugs Bunny is far more accurate, but I digress), in large part since the Muppets are family entertainment with an edge that can appeal to adults and yet still be good fun for kids, while Deadpool is hard-R action carnage with sometimes (ok, a good lot of the time) lines that will make many, many, many teenagers laugh (and some folks who get a few key references to things outside of this decade). I think I was just responding to the total irreverence of the whole thing, not to mention the constant breaking of the fourth wall - it's not something completely groundbreaking on its own (Spider-Man talks to the audience, for example), but here it's aware of many of the faults that have come up on comic book and super-hero movies, including its own franchise. For me one of the most cathartic moments of this or any recent movie is seeing a short but noticeable image of an action figure of Deadpool from the 2009 Wolverine movie. Which sucked.Why it did is for reasons outside of the 'not getting the character' right thing (though that's part of it), but suffice it to say what director Tim Miller (first timer! impressive that) and the writers (previously of the also super-self-conscious/meta Zombieland), needed to do was to take the p*** out of the genre while also delivering a story that had some heart to it... wait, heart, in a movie that has the "Merc with the Mouth" Wade Wilson,, the guy who goes through Weapon-X-program-stuff and comes out with the skin of insert-TJ-Miller-Joke-Here appearance? Sure, why not? If I can take it back to the Muppets one last time those movies had heart to them underneath as well. With this Deadpool movie, there's only a couple of scenes where there's no sarcastic lines or quips or just outright 'I'll talk s*** till the cows come home' stuff, but they do help to give the movie some grounding and keep things moving along well.When I say it's hard-R, I mean it - if you take your kids, make sure they know what they're in for and that despite the appearance of the Xavier School, this is very violent and bloody and with limbs flying and heads rolling and little tiny hands regenerating and... too much said. But for me, at least in the first half of the movie before it got to the climax (which I'll get to in a moment), it was refreshing to see how violent it got. I'm not completely sure if it was Miller and the filmmaers' intentions but I suspected all of bodies laid to waste in sometimes horrifying ways is some kind of comment on how bloodless many of the comic book movies and other X-Men films can get. Sure people die and get stabbed by Wolverine and so on, but there's no consequences. Deadpool is the kind of movie where Colossus (that one big Russian metal guy who was in the other X-Men movie that I don't remember the name of) tries to tell Wade not to hurt any people on a highway where a big gun-sword-battle has happened, Wade says nobody got hurt... and then a guy just falls from up above in the background from his wounds. Oops.It's a big comic spectacle that works better as a comedy, and somewhat as a love story, than as an action film. I say this despite a relatively coolly shot and choreographed opening sequence on a highway - which gets sort of cut back to in time during Wade's introduction in flashback - since when it gets back the fights and stunt work later on, the big climax included, it's just acceptable. The real skill of Miller and his team is in letting Ryan Reynolds take this character where it needs to, which is being a constant talking-s*** badass; by the time it comes down to Deadpool facing down the man who made him who he is, "Ajax", the tension isn't fully there just for the reason that Wilson has the ability to regenerate from his injuries (it's one of those they-worked-on-him sort of things).But what's further surprising is that the romantic side of the story works more than I expected thanks to a wonderful set up between Reynolds and Monica Baccarin as Vanessa. They trade barbs in such a way that you wonder if they'll run out of steam; some of their lines are crude, a lot of them very nasty and sex-related, and yet that made it endearing to me when things do get serious between them (the conflict of course that Wilson gets cancer, and all his troubles flow from there). If these actors didn't have good timing and chemistry it would falter, but they don't and so it doesn't, and by the time that the characters get reunited near the end the same spark is still there as are the real levels of sorrow about why they've been apart and what's kept it that way (some of it is Wilson's own doing, the sort of 'look a way I'm a hideous beast' cliché, which I forget if it's even a cliché).Could it have been less low-brow? Maybe. But it's smart enough to be exactly the kind of self-reflexive comic book movie that goes after all of the bulls*** with these movies, from the budgets to Jackman and beyond, and makes its own identity. I found it a lot of fun.
평점: 10	리뷰: Marvel/fox Deadpool What an amazing movie and a great way to start the superhero genre movies for 2016. I was really surprised for how well made is this movie.. as you know this movie budget is only a little over 30 million dollars, and they did a really good job with it, unlike fantastic four which cost fox 120 million to make and it was just really really bad. deadpool is a very tricky character but Ryan Reynolds was born for this part, loved his work. Also what i really liked is how they handled Colossus, way better than the older version . I don't want to spoil anything, i just really recommend this movie for every adult to watch and support for us to keep getting some deadpool flavor in our life.
평점: 10	리뷰: THIS is the very NICEST movie EVER I HAVE waited for. I had a great day watching it all.There was a continuous laughs all over.There was no boring scenes at all.EVEN THE ENDING was interesting. I hated first watched green lantern and it was the baddest movie of him. BUTTT.AM now fan of him. please go and and Watch this movie....BECAUSE it is a must watch movie. It was all house full.ACTION scenes are brilliant and also comedy is its meaning..Deadpool is going to endear a whole new audience to the vivid and weird character, while once again demonstrating the tremendous opportunity for variety in the comic book movie genre. keep GOING buddy.HAVE a great BOX office.
평점: 10	리뷰: this movie brought everything a movie should have:Comedy,so much comedy in the movie!!, gory violence,there is so much blood in the movie that you are sitting in your seat and just staring at the scene with awe,and the romance between wade and Vanessa that it makes your heart get touched(that is how deep this movie gets you). you get so much laughs from wade,weasel even colossus for a brief moment but i don't really want to spoil the movie for you but if you are reading this then i advise you to go watch it now!! this is one of the best things marvel has done since the avengers nothing can really compare to this move. today is 12/2/16 it made over 11 million dollars on its first night its the highest any x-men movie has ever made.i don't know how much it will make tomorrow or when ever your going to read this but in any case it was amazing
평점: 10	리뷰: Ryan Reynolds returns once again as Deadpool after his first appearance in X-Men Origin. Expect the unexpected in the most anticipated R-rated superhero film of the year that will blow your brains out, literally.After the failure of rebooting Fantastic Four last year, 20th Century Fox finally redeems itself with Deadpool and takes a risk in releasing this with an R-rating, which is really rare for a mainstream superhero film these days, but the result clearly shows that they made the right decision. Deadpool has a pretty basic plot about a guy getting revenge and killing people along the way. While it may not have a fancy plot like other superhero movies, the result is beyond satisfying and lives up to its premise. The whole movie is filled with non-stop raunchy humour as well as a delightful amount of bloody, violent action sequences that are refreshing and certainly will entertain the hell out of you throughout its running time. This is a movie that totally deserves its R-rating (for strong violence and language throughout, sexual content and graphic nudity). I'm pleased to see that they didn't choose to go soft by giving it a PG-13 rating to gain more audiences, which in that case, would have totally limit the movie's potential. Thanks to that decision, you all can now expect lots of violence and nasty dialogue and prepare to laugh your guts out.Also, the important element that makes all this all work is the cast. Ryan Reynolds is perfect for this role, which reminds us what a big mistake it was to shut his mouth in X-Men: Origin. Deadpool here is just as foul-mouthed and filthy as you expect him to be. Without a great supporting cast, this movie wouldn't have been this satisfying. T.J. Miller, Rachel Sheen, Brainna Hildebrand (as Warhead), and scene-stealer Leslie Uggams (as Blind Al) all did a great job portraying their characters and adding a great comedic touch and chemistry with our Deadpool and naturally balanced their performance really well. And trying not to give anything away, Stan Lee also has one of the best cameos you will ever see in a Marvel movie.Overall, with its gleeful violence and non-stop raunchy humour, Deadpool turns its simple plot into the filthiest, most entertaining, and hilarious superhero movie in the Marvel universe.>>A<<
평점: 10	리뷰: It was about time. We'd reached the saturation point in Superhero genre. There were way too many generic origin stories and sequels from both Marvel and DC. Every superhero movie nowadays is either about a cookie cutter villain who wants to take over the world, or about a cookie cutter villain who wants to take over the world and show up in the sequel. And the heroes either weep gloomily (Man of Steel) or try too hard to be funny (Ultron).We needed a superhero who gets the bullshit out of the way and knock people in the balls for fun. We needed a superhero who doesn't mope around in his origin story. We needed a superhero who impales bad guys with dual Katanas. And most importantly, we needed a superhero who asks if you're going to touch yourself tonight.With no attempt at a hyperbole, I can tell you that the era of The Dark Knight is over. Deadpool is here. And things will never be the same again.Deadpool, directed by Tim Miller is a raging, exploding subversion of superhero films. And by subversion I mean it grabs you by the collar, shows you how most superhero movies suck, and nimbly demonstrates how things can be different when some brain cells are put to use by filmmakers. The opening sequence, a slow freeze frame zoom out of a car crash plays out like an Honest Credits skit, where the producer is called a rich asshole and the writers are called the real heroes of the film.This is the kind of film Deadpool is - self aware, self-referential and in full Hollywood bashing mode. Nobody is spared – not even the producers of this very film, where Deadpool makes fun of the lack of budget. The film doesn't shy away from thrashing rivals studios as well. In the scene where it's time to turn a human into a mutant with a sci fi experiment, Deadpool, played by Ryan Reynolds, who also played Green Lantern, asks the evil scientist not to give him a shitty CGI suit.His love interest (Morena Baccarin) isn't the delicate blonde haired damsel in distress – she's as demented as him, and their disturbingly lusty relationship is played out as love. No schmaltzy upside down kisses in the rain here – the woman wears a strap on and proceeds to bend the superhero here.Such insane subversion is feels like discovering treasure. And now that you've seen the shinier side of the genre, it's going to be difficult to come back to the straightforward superhero movies. When Deadpool spends the whole movie telling you how you've been watching shitty movies until now, your expectations for Batman vs Superman, and the future Avengers films dissipates.It's like tasting Belgian chocolate waffles in Belgium - you can't go back to Bandra Nutella waffles after that. Or like eating a Pizza in Milan and realizing Dominoes tastes like turd. Or like wearing silk underwear and realizing you can't go back to cotton. If the point still isn't clear in your head you need to schedule a meeting with Deadpool.This movie is written by the same guys who wrote Zombieland, and their wicked sense of humor is infectious. The more surprising part is that this is director Miller's first film. With the kind of visual artistry, mayhem, and grasp on humor on display in Deadpool, this achievement is the equivalent of the Taj Mahal being built by a guy who held a rock cutter for the first time.Deadpool is Fox's Guardians of the Galaxy, and it's opened a whole new gateway for the superhero genre. Whether you have a date or not, make sure you celebrate Valentine's Day at the multiplex playing this movie. It's a love story after all, with lubricated strap ons. Deadpool is be a very rewarding cinematic experience that is refreshingly different from any other superhero movie before it.
평점: 9	리뷰: Deadpool is said to be one of the most impossible material to put up on the big screen this soon. This hero is crass, the content is more vulgar and violent that may not be marketable for the mass. But the studio is smart enough to take risks, staying faithful with its nature and let things go wild. And as it goes, it's undeniably hilarious and really crazy fun. But for its ambitions of breaking new grounds for the superhero genre, Deadpool however falls short in that case. The tropes are kind of the same, except it's more self-aware and lurid. But this doesn't negate the joy the movie still provides.It begins with an opening credits that pretty much name calling however typically involves in major superhero films. The movie then cuts establishing what kind of a character Deadpool is; he's cold-blooded with a sense of humor. It also flashes back to his origin story and how he lost everything after the experiment that is supposed to cure his disease. The main plot is basically a simple revenge story, only filled with the otherworldly craziness and breaking the fourth wall jokes. And as the story go, it's not that fresh, but it's all about the personality of the hero must shine and it does deliver. He also keeps poking fun at the clichés of the superhero genre and the limitation in the production of the film. It's amusing all and all, and that's pretty much what we wanted to see here.Then again, it's nothing groundbreaking, but what we wanted to see here is just Deadpool playing around. Putting aside the playful stuff, the romantic subplot is actually kind of endearing. The villain is ought to seem like a stock one, but his petty weakness is what defined him. The action is pretty fun to watch, which mostly has headshots and decapitations. The CGI isn't always that impressive, but it doesn't keep the action from being watchable, as long as the velocity and clarity are good. The acting is a delight, Ryan Reynolds seems like he's having the time of his life playing this role and that shows in every scene he is in as Deadpool.Deadpool isn't quite that revolutionary, well maybe for the confidence of major studios making more R rated superheroes like this. As the plot goes, it's all familiar. Then again, the movie is all about the personality and it works delightfully. People may just brag that this is just Kick-Ass except with higher budget and a more known property and that can be true. The movie doesn't have too much of a novelty, but as it executes your expectations, Deadpool has that passion. And that alone may satisfy comic book fans, anyway.
평점: 8	리뷰: Where do I start...Well, this is complete redemption for Fox. After the awful introduction in X-Men Origins: Wolverine(less said the better), this movie was an apology to the fans. Now, I'll be honest, the plot is a pretty straight-forward revenge story. It's very simple and easy to follow. It doesn't do anything new in that department as it is an origin story, but it's told with more flare. You would think jumping from place to place, flashback to flashback would confuse you and many other people, but it doesn't. So kudos to director Tim Miller, Ryan Reynolds, and writers Rhett Reese and Paul Wernick for a sharp clear vision of the movie. They knew what they were going for and executed it very well. The origin told through flashbacks was a breath of fresh air. Something I admired about Man of Steel. I feel superhero origin stories are best told through flashbacks. The visuals are solid, and the action sequences are pretty stellar. Small in scale(cause of their budget) but nevertheless, very fun. There's no PG-13 compromise here, the filmmakers absolutely do not hold back. This is hard R, with nudity, including Ryan Reynolds's bare ass, hyper-stylized violence, blood, gore, foul language, and dirty jokes. So if you're someone who gets easily offended by this, I would advise you to stay away. But even with that being said, one must admit, this brings something new to the superhero genre, and it's a film made for comic fans such as myself. The cast is great. In typical fashion the villains are not too fleshed out, they do present a threat, but it's nothing special. Ed Skrein as Ajax and Gina Carano as Angel Dust do their job at being evil. T.J. Miller as Deadpool's sidekick is hysterical with quippy and crude lines. Leslie Uggams is Blind Al. She and Deadpool share some nice and funny banter with each other. Colossus is voiced by Stefan Kapicic, played by Andre Tricoteux, and his young trainee Negasonic Teenage Warhead is played by Brianna Hildebrand and they have their fun moments with Deadpool as well. Colossus certainly does a lot more than he ever did in the previous X-Men films, although I am a bit annoyed Daniel Cudmore did not return for the role for continuity's sake, this Colossus is a more faithful interpretation to the comics. I'd also like to mention I'm not big on superhero romance. On occasion they do work, like Captain America and Peggy Carter, Spider-Man and Gwen or Mary Jane, and I guess Tony Stark and Pepper Potts, but outside of that I never really buy into them, they just seem like an afterthought, but here in this film the chemistry works. Ryan Reynolds and Morena Baccarin have fabulous chemistry between each other. I know it sounds like a broken record, but chemistry really counts in all type of films, so it was pleasantly shocking to see it work on screen, especially from a movie like Deadpool. Now lets talk about Ryan. Man, from now on, every time I read a Deadpool comic, I'm going to hear his voice. Like the title of my review, he was born to play this role. Even in X-Men Origins: Wolverine, prior to the abysmal transformation, when he was just Wade Wilson, Reynolds killed it. He carries the film very well and he does a great job making him almost sympathetic. You know for a fact Wade Wilson is not a great person, but what he goes through in the somewhat difficult torture sequences, you come to care and personally want to see him get his revenge on Ajax. Again, Deadpool's jokes are hilarious and Ryan definitely knows how to deliver it effectively. Deadpool isn't a perfect film, it does have some minor problems, but it's a hell of a fun ride. It's face paced, never boring, consistently funny, and filled with clever fourth wall breaking moments. Deadpool himself even pokes fun at Ryan's career, other superheroes and even Fox, the studio itself. Deadpool subverts the superhero formula resulting in a hilarious and violent thrill ride all in it's non-family friendly glory, and if you weren't sold on the marketing of this film already, then I don't know what to tell you. I have no doubt that this will be successful and I'm only anticipating the sequel even more. I hope this film will un-retire Hugh Jackman so I can see a proper Wolverine and Deadpool fight in a future installment or even X-Force.9/10
평점: 9	리뷰: The basic plot of 'Deadpool' is: A boy's girlfriend gets kidnapped by the bad guy and now he has to save her. But there is another part. The revenge part. Deadpool is driven to take down the man who has made him who he is right now.The directing was done by Tim Miller. This was his first movie, he directed. Miller did a very good job at directing "deadpool". Especcialy because it is his first movie. The cinematography was pretty enough. It wasn't really mindblowingly good, but still, it was nice to look at. The pacing of this movie was really extraordinary. It was really fast paced, and that fitted the theme of the movie very well. To come back on the directing again. There were no shaky cams! I absolutely loved that they didn't use that. These things can ruin a movie. The fight scenes were also well edited, you could follow everything well. The costume design was also pretty good. I thought that the Deadpool costume looked true to the comics. And the rest was good as well. The set design was good too. Now, the CGI. This is the part were you can see that they didn't really have a big budget. The eyes of Deadpool were CG, and you could tell. Also Collosus, looked a bit too CG, for me at least. And now one of the best parts of the movie, not regarding the acting and script, the soundtrack! This was really good. It's not music I will start listening to, but it fitted the movie well. Very well, actually. The violence was very good too, as I have said, now shaky cam, etc. But it was very good choreographed too. I am glad this movie got a R-rating. The blood and gore were very good in the movie.The acting was very good, but let's start of with the best casted person of the entire movie. You guessed it. Ryan Reynolds. This man was born to play Deadpool/Wade Wilson. He absolutely blew it out of the park. You can't always see his face, because of the mask, but the voice acting and body acting was great on it's own. He was like Hugh Jackman playing Wolverine. Absolutely fantastic, straight out of the comic book series. His character also had a lot of development. Then the next person is the best friend of Wade Wilso. This was a man called Weasel. Weasel was played by T.J. Miller. What I liked very much between those two, was the friendship. It was very convincing. T.J. Miller did a good job portraying this character. Now, another person who had great on screen chemistry with Ryan Reynolds, was Morena Baccarin. Morena Baccarin played Vanessa. Vanessa was a prostitute, before she met Wade. But when they find each other in a mercenary bar, they fall in love. She is the one that gets kidnapped. I liked her character. Now a man who is less liked by Deadpool, Ajax, or as Deadpool likes to call him: Francis. Ajax/Francis was played by Ed Skrein. I am happy for him that he had this movie in development after the disaster of "Transporter Refuled". Because he was very good in this movie. The only really problem I have with this villain is that he didn't really have a motive to hate Deadpool/Wade. I know Wade was pretty annoying against him, but isn't it a bit overreacting to kidnap his girlfriend? You can also say that he is just crazy, and I can't disagree with that point. But overall Ajax was well acted. The next two person I am going to discus, helped Deadpool getting Vanessa back. These two are Collosus and Negasonic Teenage Warhead. Collosus was voiced by Stefan Kapicic. He was good. The Russian accent made his character more funny in his own way. Negasonic Teenage Warhead was played by Brianna Hildebrand. She was very good. She was a typical teenager, with some awesome superpowers. The next two person, was just funny to have in the story. The first one was Blind Al, the person who lives together with Deadpool. She was funny, and well acted, and now the last person I am going to discus was played by Karan Soni. He was the taxi driver. He was funny as well, and acted good too. I left out the actress of angel dust, on purpose, because I don't really have anything to say about her.The script. This was a very good part of the movie. It was very funny. The jokes all worked, even the hidden ones. And with 'Hidden ones' I mean movie references, and comic book. The dialogue was very good as well. They managed to slide from a very funny tone, to a more serious tone, very well. I am glad that Ryan Reynolds got the chance to change stuff in the script, I think that that made the script a lot more funny. Another thing that was pretty good, which you can see as a part of the script, was the opening credit scene. This was very hilarious. Als the image you get at the end, was funny. A cool part of the script is the story telling. We first see a Deadpool in a cab, willing to find Ajax, but than at the end of the fight scene, we go to a origin story. I think that this was very original and well handled. The fourth wall breaking is a bit unusual at first, but you will start to get used to it. The jokes, are as I've said, very funny, but I think that there might be a bit too much jokes in it. There are also a lot of clichés, in the movie, but due to the good acting, directing, and funny jokes, I could see past that.Overall Deadpool is a funny movie. It is also a great directorial debut. I would definitely recommend watching the movie!
평점: 8	리뷰: I finally did a first-day-first-show, that too on a weekday, in the company of borderline underage kids. Fittingly enough, it was the most irreverent super-hero film of all time – Deadpool. My friend dropped out at the last minute so I had an extra ticket with me. At first I tried selling it, but that didn't work so I gave it to this college kid for free. He turned out to be quite the expert on comic books, so it was not a bad deal at all. An important bit of info he shared with me was that Deadpool is a Marvel rip-off of Deathstroke, a DC character, who is no. 32 on IGN's list of superheroes. Their stories, super strengths etc. are identical, but Deadpool's sense of humour should set him apart, I think. We will find out soon enough when Suicide Squad comes out. Will Smith plays Deathstroke in that movie. Coming back to the Deadpool movie, it follows a simple storyline : Hero is a bad guy turned good guy who meets the love of his life and instantly gets terminally ill. To ensure he's around for this girl, he secretly and goes under the knife of some very questionable folks who promise him another chance. In his friend's words, he ends up looking like "an avocado had sex with an older avocado, but in a nasty way" and many other gross, hilarious references. Thus, he stays away from her and rest of the story is about finding the guy who did it and getting even, in style. Forget the minimal story-line and this movie is so much fun because of the witty, overboard and overtly sexual humor, which does justice to Deadpool's character at the cost of being rated 'A'. Being rated R is really good because you don't have to pull back on the colorful language and all the amazing head-shots Deadpool pulls off throughout the movie. Of course, the Censor board for inexplicable reasons still mutes all the 'f' words and 'p' words despite giving the movie an A rating. I am not sure if there is any nudity or topless scenes either. Censor board screw-ups on the language and sex scenes notwithstanding , most of the action/violence seems to be in place. This is a movie made up of several memorable moments, just because of how ridiculous and entertaining they are the same time.1. Triple head-shot – Okay, this one was censored. I know because I have seen it many times in the trailer and the senior citizens of the censor board removed it from the movie. Completely arbitrary. The build up to this is, Deadpool has only 12 bullets left and more bad guys to kill. He ends up wasting bullets on one guy who he's angry with and then realizes there are three more guys left standing. To make up for it, he aligns their heads in his sights and gets a triple kill almost. The third guy gets a slow bullet stuck on his forehead, or maybe its because he just has a thick skull. He pulls out knives and gets skewered by Deadpool with swords like a 'kebab'. 2. Innuendo and swearing – A ridiculous amount of sexual innuendo pervades every minute of the film, including the fight sequences. Sadly, the swearing which is integral to the film has been censored. I recommend watching an uncensored blue-ray version to fill in the gaps. The censor board gets all the same words from me, which they muted out from the movie. 3. Silly superhero references a. Taking a dig at Marvel, Deadpool tells Colossus and the little X men girl "Looks like its only the two of you in this big house. The studio doesn't look like they could afford another X-men character". b. When the super strong villain's side kick does a superhero landing, he says "She's gonna to do a super hero landing (and after the landing) its bad for the knees you know". c. Has a stapled on Wolverine mask on his face when he reunites with his girlfriend, which she pulls off anyway. d. Refers to Prof.X as the 'old bald guy'. 4. Other interesting characters – Colossus is nice? With a strong Russian accent (or is it Eastern European), indestructible metallic body and a morally astute attitude towards people around him. He keeps giving unsolicited advice to the teenage girl and also to Deadpool, which both promptly ignore. Deadpool blowing away the villain's head, despite his dramatic Batman like speech, makes him puke.The movie belongs pretty much to Ryan Reynolds, a witty script and some really cool action sequences. Looking at the bigger picture, Marvel seems to be going so many up on DC/Warner, its becoming ridiculous. Avengers, Guardians of the galaxy, Antman, Daredevil, Jessica Jones and Agents of Shield and I don't know how many more on the way. DC on the other hand seems a little more traditional and laid-back with its movies and TV shows. Arrow and Flash just don't match up to Daredevil and Jessica Jones, in story-telling, action or in character development. Batman is still my all-time favorite super-hero, and its evident that all of the other DC characters are just piggybacking on him. I look forward to the 'Suicide squad' and Justice League, but I can't help feeling that Marvel is slowly but surely taking over mind-space of super-hero fans. Hopefully Marvel's success drives DC / Warner to also focus on heroes other than Batman and Superman, and sets up an epic showdown, if not in the same universe, but at the movies.
평점: 8	리뷰: Already watch it last night...i am not really a fan of Marvel but this is the next best movie to iron man in my opinion. Hilarious plus the effects are really top notch. But not suitable for children, if u are an adult u will have a good laugh watching this movie.WHAM Ryan Reynold really suited with the character. Combination of emotion and funny really does the magic. The storyline is simple but interesting to watch. You cannot get more excited watching a film from the start other than deadpool. It is a good movie to Marvel franchise. The song in the movie also will take you to the 90's and remember all the good old days.
평점: 9	리뷰: If you are in RELATIONSHIP, watch DEADPOOL! IF you're single, go watch DEADPOOL! it's that kind of movie.2016 with full of superhero movies lined up, this movie kicks off the year amazingly well. Make way for the Superhero of gen next! It's fresh! It's Fun and it's a Marvel Epic.Some of the action scenes are mind-blowing, well for us watching in India, we don't have the liberty of seeing those extreme killing sequences and the inappropriate vulgar content even if you are 18+. That Sucks! It really does. So be prepared for few 'mute' moments throughout the movie.For all those who are probably seeing Deadpool for the first time or kind of getting 'load' of this Marvel's hero, Deadpool is a comic character from Marvel Universe who suffers from cancer, undergoes some experimentation and comes out as the most bad-ass character you will ever see. Unlike other heroes he is violent, cruel and cares least about human ethics and morals and he'll still be super cool. For all little boys who want to see this movie, well you cannot. Deadpool doesn't want to see you. Grow up, came watch! The movie contains highly vulgar dialogues and hence the R-rating. Coming towards the credits, believe me, you would not want to miss out the fun, better be seated till the very end and Thank me later :D
평점: 9	리뷰: Wisecracking smart*rse Wade Wilson, ex-Special Forces, and currently engaged in small-time "enforcement for pay", falls in love with hooker Vanessa, and her with him. Shortly after this idyllic state of affairs begins, Wade is diagnosed with terminal cancer. All is not lost, however, as he is offered a treatment which will not only cure his cancer but also kick-start his mutant gene, giving him superpowers. Wade opts in, not realising that the people doing this have nefarious intentions: he is cured and enhanced, but (not-very-)hideously scarred. How can he show his face to Vanessa before he has got villain Ajax to cure him? So, masked up and using the name Deadpool...Ryan Reynolds, having played Wilson/Deadpool in X-Men: Wolverine – Origins, has a second pass at the character, this time somewhat outside the control of the X-Men franchise (although this movie is firmly within the X-Men movie universe). And this time, they get the character right. They get everything else right, too, including the fact that Deadpool makes it very clear, directly to the audience, that he knows he is a character in a comic book movie.This film is very funny, from the opening credits onwards. It is also very violent, very foul-mouthed, and fairly rude. It is not a kids' super-hero movie – far from it. Wilson is not so much morally compromised, as completely amoral from head to toe: this is clear throughout, but made explicit by his response to a speech from Colossus which explains to him what makes a hero. There is bags of super-hero action, mostly very well staged although it sometimes goes so fast that it can be a bit difficult to follow (some of the slo-mo is therefore very welcome). I think non-comic fans will enjoy it but, for comic fans, it is full of gags drawn from comics, movies, and Reynolds' own super-hero screen career.It's not without flaws – how come his mutation/treatment heals everything except his face? – but it is hugely enjoyable, and completely vindicates Reynolds' lengthy efforts to get it made. I'm looking forward to the sequel, greenlit a couple of days ago, already.
평점: 8	리뷰: DeadPool takes us on a journey of how he revenged a person responsible for making him a monster and putting him away from his newly found heavenly love.Pros: The nature of deadpool laughing out of every bad situation is tremendous. His nature matches his colleagues nature at bar, both are excellent at par. Although deadpool rules. This role was meant for Ryan Reynolds. DeadPools girlfriend is gorgeous in every possible manner ;). The action sequences are exceptional. Villain is killed instead of getting imprisoned. A great movie in a budget little higher than 30 million dollars. Great work by the production studio, which is not marvel (to note). A positive ending (although I want him to get better looking again in the sequels).Cons: Referring to the last point mentioned above, a positive ending not that positive.Rating: 8.0/10
평점: 8	리뷰: Firstly, congratulations to 20th Century Fox for finally making a decent Marvel movie!I know next to nothing about Deadpool, just the basics, but that didn't stop me from being very interested in seeing this. Major, major kudos to the advertising department for the amazing ad work leading up to the movie!This is the role Ryan Reynolds was supposed to play instead of that horrendous disaster that was Green Lantern.It's funny, it's crude, it's VERY bloody and very violent and I loved it! It also has an amazing soundtrack featuring Salt-N-Pepa.There were some CGI scenes that looked very rubbery, quality you'd expect out of something like Sharknado.The cast and characters were very so/so. Reynolds and Karan Soni (Dopinder) were the best with Leslie Uggams (Blind Al), Brianna Hildebrand (Negasonic Teenage Warhead) and Stefan Kapicic (Colossus) rounding out the better cast and characters. The villains (Ed Skrein as Ajax and Gina Carano as Angel Dust) were very mediocre, bordering on boring, and you have to wonder if it's due to the small roster of villains Fox have or they just wanted dull villains so the major focus goes to Deadpool.If I remember correctly, Daniel Cudmore, who played Colossus in the X-Men films was asked to play the character again in the film but he turned it down Why the hell would you do that? Colossus spoke and was in more of this movie than he was in all three X-Men films!!Another thing I LOVED about this film was the constant jabs at Fox, Marvel, Green Lantern, Reynolds himself, the skewed timeline and many, many more.An entertaining film that I will most definitely be seeing again, buying when it's released and eagerly awaiting the just announced sequel!CHAPPY THINKS watching a guy in a suit turning that other guy into a f*cking kebab has never been more awesome!!
평점: 10	리뷰: After waiting for this movie for years I was almost sure I would be disappointed with that high of expectations. But I was really happy to be wrong. The movie was full of hilarious references of pop- culture and classic movies. But the best ones was self-references of Ryan Reynolds. They implemented Deadpool's breaking of the 4th wall masterfully.The movie was both an origin story and a revenge/rescue story at the same time. It had a unique telling and it was effective. Ryan Reynolds was great, Ed Skrein was great all the cast felt genuine and they had great synergy.There was some tweaks and some characters were different than their comic book counter-parts but as a fan of Deadpool's comic's more than being fine with it I loved the said tweaks.http://www.vashikaransadhna.com/genuine-vashikaran-specialist/
평점: 9	리뷰: Going into the film, I was not sure, because of average critic reviews. But boy were they wrong. This was the most awesome, gruesome, brilliantly funny and clever superhero movie I have seen in a long time. There is no one on earth that could play Pool better than Ryan Reynolds, and I'm not sure where the stories going to go, but I can smell a quick sequel. Be careful to watch out for the many references to pop culture as well as many other movies. Oh and by the way, for your own sake, stay after the credits, it is brilliant. With a hilarious cameo as a DJ in a strip club/brothel, Stan Lee steals the scene. As well as the references to other movies, it is also jam-packed with X-Men and other Marvel movie gags, so re-watch them so you can get full enjoyment. Although you could argue, that besides Deadpool, there is no other real back-story or character development for any other characters, which is partly true. But this movie is a hilarious splatter-fest, filled with gags, and multiple forth-wall breaks, that is not meant to be taken too seriously. And for a movie that comes out the same time Zoolander 2, it blows it out of the water. Oh and just to add, this had some of the best advertising and trailers leading up to the film that I have ever ever seen. Yeah so go see it ASAP.P.S. This is not your ordinary date movie, just to let you know
평점: 8	리뷰: So the movie starts and the crew members are introduced or rather described. I start laughing. And the rest is history........... I had to collect myself once the movie got over. Why did I have to collect myself once the movie got over ? Well, I was in splits and the mind was blown !!!!!!!!! You would find pieces of me everywhere in the theatre. I never wanted this movie to get over. The only bad thing about this movie is that it gets over ( and the fact that the protagonist is diagnosed with cancer). Otherwise, there is only heavenly awesomeness in every scene. Pristine heavenly awesomeness. Deadpool is perhaps the most shameless, unpretentious and blunt superhero I've seen off late. His jokes are audacious and alarmingly beautiful, his reflexes are the stuff of legends and if you are in his bad books you'll be scared of his jabs. He is a mutant you see. And his alter ego, Wade Wilson has an intense sex drive which is satisfied in possibly some of the raunchiest and innovative ways there could be. So when Mr. Wilson gets diagnosed with a terminal disease all hell breaks loose because he is kind of insecure that a zillion nice things would get compromised.I am not going to make this review unnecessarily long. All I can say is Ryan Reynolds has more than made up for his Green Lantern stint by playing Deadpool. His character is the sole reason why anyone should watch this movie. Deadpool isn't just a bad ass. He is a bad ass with a good ass.
평점: 10	리뷰: After a disastrous outing in X-Men Origins: Wolverine, Deadpool is back with a bang in this insanely funny & violent entry. The tone is set right from the word go with opening credits like 'a British villain', 'a hot chick', 'a moody teen' & we are introduced to Deadpool right during the action sequence on highway which we have been seeing in trailers. After slaying goons & blowing a few heads we jump back in time & get to know how Wade Wilson was transformed to Deadpool. After the origin story, we return for more chases and fights. Deadpool is a foul mouthed jerk, a rude crude fighting machine breaking the fourth wall constantly. There's plenty of gory violence with heads blowing & hands chopping. Deadpool is funny – frequently hilarious with fun poked at his previous Green Lantern role, Wolverine & even a jab at studio for not providing enough budget. As far as story is concerned it's predictable & there aren't any surprises but surely it's very much entertaining & fun to watch. As for nudity & sex scenes, it was censored here in India so can't say much about it but there is a scene where naked Deadpool is fighting Ajax & we can see his p***s. Also some hilarious moments in sex scene montage between Venessa & Wade. In the end it's a different kind of superhero story & exactly the kind of Deadpool movie we wanted.
평점: 10	리뷰: Back in 2008 (or 2009, who cares?) We got our first glimpse of Deadpool on the big screen. What we got took away everything decent about the character, he is the merc with the mouth, yet his mouth was sewn together! Ryan Reynolds seemed perfect for the role, how did it all go so wrong? Well now, in 2016 Reynolds returns and we get our first official Deadpool movie. In that we get the world's greatest apology for one of the most abysmal films in the superhero genre, and a highly original film that does 100% justice to one of the most lovable douchebags of all time!So, here we follow Wade Wilson, a former mercenary who is diagnosed with terminal cancer. He undergoes an experimental procedure and is transformed into Deadpool, a badass loudmouth with the ability to heal. One problem remains, he is now ugly as sin. We follow Deadpool on a revenge story, as well as a love story of sorts that really raises the bar for future comic book movies. What i absolutely love about this film is that the whole origin is told through flashbacks looking over Wade's life. Deadpool is a character who is well known for breaking the fourth wall and the way that is addressed in this film is both hilarious and amazingly true to it's source. It is also easily one of the funniest films for a very long time. The opening titles had me laughing out loud alone and if they don't peak your interest right away then I'm afraid you're in the wrong film! I love self aware jokes like that and there are a fair few of them scattered around. The supporting cast do amazingly well as well. Colossus and Negasonic TeenageWarhead from the Xmen are just the greatest additions to this film. This is easily the best incarnation of Colossus we have ever seen and with such a low budget he looked beautiful. Of course, with them on board there are some very funny Xmen jokes to look out for. Morenna Baccarin (did i spell that right?) Is the perfect love interest for Ryan Reynolds. Her character is a lot better than other 2-Dimensional females in comic book films. When she is introduced and the way that happens shows how much of an impact she makes and it is great. As for villains, Ed Skerin was so unlikeable, which is great because with a character like Deadpool it is important to hate our main villain and the inclusion of Angel Dust was also a good decision. And lastly, TJ Miller acts almost as Wade's second in command, Weasel. He stole quite a few scenes, but in the end this is Ryan Reynold's show and nobody tries to take that from him.So do i recommend? Hell yeah i do! Its the perfect comic book film for the fact it really sticks to it's awesome source material and i could not imagine a better film for Deadpool. Stick around for after the credits because we get a great little surprise. Definitely not for the faint of heart because as well as being very violent in an over the top way, there are also some pretty dark and shocking scenes that can even be a little hard to watch, but they don't last long. Anyway, go and support Deadpool because we need more superhero films like this. Now i have the sudden urge to listen to 80's music and eat chimi changas...
평점: 10	리뷰: When a movie makes the entire audience laugh from the opening credits until the very last post-credits scene, you know it's definitely deserving of some awards.The sarcasm and rapid fire witty comments that are strategically placed through the entire movie in sometimes unexpected but still very natural ways, coupled with the "been there done that" vibe of clearly trying to poke fun at other action and hero movies is done exactly right. The non-linear story line coupled with a level of violence and sexual material we're not used to from the pg-13 hero movies and a huge amount of sarcasm and wit gives it almost a Quentin Tarantino meets Ben Stiller feel and it's absolutely awesome. There is nothing quite like this movie and it'll probably open up a whole new door for copycats. Considering this is the directing debut for Tim Miller, I think he hasquite the future ahead of him in directing.
평점: 9	리뷰: Deadpool is a funny film from start to end.The director Tim Miller did a fantastic job in his career. Hands down to the movie, this is the best Marvel comic movie made by a Non-Marvel studio.Ryan Reynolds character is superb. He really did a good job and his performance was quite funny and amazing. Action sequence are fantastic especially the introduction fighting. Ed Skrein. Gina Carrano etc their part very well.The movie 3D render and Visual effects are stylish and superb, I appreciate all the crew members of the film to making a wonderful movie.All in all Deadpool is a amazing film with lots of fun and actions.
평점: 8	리뷰: You want to know the review of this movie, Let me tell you something. When you sit in a theater to watch an English film especially in my country when the final scene is up, People start marching out through the exit. For the first ducking time, Not even a single soul got up till they have completed watching the cut scene, That is how good this movie is, Oh regarding the cut scene, Oh my keyboard is not working.Chuckles Ryan Reynolds worth the wait bro, You nailed it.As the review requires ten lines, Here it is. This is one of the most touchy films released till date, It will touch you in the right spot at the right scenes, Even after rated as an adult film, They cut the audio for many scenes, You cut everything why censor board. Kids are not even allowed to watch this, Do you think we adults don't know bad words. That is puberty.
평점: 9	리뷰: Second time's the charm as Fox redoes Deadpool in his very own movie after the debacle that was X-Men Orgings: Wolverine back in 2009. Again played by huge fan of the comic, Ryan Reynolds, but with a much better understanding of what it is that makes Wade Wilson so special for his fans, this proves to be exactly the movie that we were expecting. However, that is not to say that to enjoy this you must be a knowledgeable comic book fan or even a Deadpool fan at all. The audience is properly introduced to the character, his world and his peculiar set of values in a way that if you pick up any New Mutant story tomorrow, you will know exactly what to expect from The Merc with a Mouth.That is, the same that you are getting in Tim Miller's feature directorial debut: violence, profanity, fourth wall breaking, pop culture references, comedy and non stop fun. This might not be a masterpiece but that is not what it's supposed to be nor was it trying to. What it will most likely end up being is the most fun comic adaptation of a year that is filled with them and that is no small accomplishment. Highly recommend it, just knowing before hand that this is in no way like the Disney Marvel movies. Probably best to leave kids under 13 at home. Helmed by Miller (Most definitely with some input by star/producer Reynolds) who got the best out of the cast, this is not the hero we needed or the hero we deserved. It's the ass kicker we wanted.
평점: 10	리뷰: Based on the Marvel Comics character of the same name, 'Deadpool' is pure bad-ass entertainment! Despite being a "SUPERHERO" flick, this one's crass, non family-friendly, gruesome/graphic & relentless. But, thats its trump card. Its a trend-setter, in many ways!'Deadpool' Synopsis: A former Special Forces operative turned mercenary is subjected to a rogue experiment that leaves him with accelerated healing powers, adopting the alter ego Deadpool.'Deadpool' is a knockout. I loved Ant-Man & 'Deadpool' is equally engaging on all Marvel levels. The pace is Crisp, the Action-Sequences are Spectacular & the Protagonist is to die for. Played Magnficently by Ryan Reynolds, he as Wade Wilson/Deadpool, is wickedly fun & addictive. His unassuming charm, his crass language, his manic personality & his fighting-chops, all hold tremendous appeal. He's so unlike a regular Superhero & yet he's a Hero. Thats where 'Deadpool' scores enormously, its different & unabashed in its approach.Paul Wernick & Rhett Reese's Screenplay moves a brisk pace & offers enough scope for crazy humour & brilliant action. The Writing is tight all through. Tim Miller's Direction is top-notch. He has handled he film with command. Ken Seng's Cinematography is perfect. Julian Clarke's Editing is razor-sharp. Make-Up merits a special mention. Art & Costume Design are terrific. Graphics are WOW! Tom Holkenborg's Score is decent.Performance-Wise: Reynolds is a complete scene-stealer. He nails each & every punch of Deadpool, displaying tremendous flair for comedy & great intensity while breaking into a fight. Its a career-making performance & we finally, can move over Green Lantern. Morena Baccarin as Vanessa Carlysle, is perfect as the hero's lady-love. T.J. Miller as Weasel, is funny. Ed Skrein as Francis Freema /Ajax, is a super villain & scores in the action bits. Gina Carano as Angel Dust, is sexy. Brianna Hildebrand as Negasonic Teenage Warhead & Stefan Kapičić as Peter Rasputi/Colossus (motion-capture), are just right.On the whole, 'Deadpool' is a B-L-O-C-K-B-U-S-T-E-R! There's no stopping this one!
평점: 10	리뷰: This Movie had everything one person could ask for gore, action, humor, nudity, love, romance, plot, and of just plain perfect. Just when you thought Ryan Reynolds couldn't be more amazing than he already is he decides to give it his all in this movie really becoming Deadpool. Thank you for the unique perspectives and the non stop laughing.The breaking wall approach to the movie and scene cuts were done beautifully. I give the director a definite 3 thumbs up (hey were all mutants right :)) I hope everyone takes the time to go see this one in the theater it is worth the money.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Flo9C9xe2xY
평점: 10	리뷰: This review may be incredibly biased, as I am a massive fan of comics (both Marvel and DC). I watched Deadpool on its opening night at the midnight showing. Being among the elite movie fans who stayed up late to see a movie on a weeknight, I had high expectations for this film. put quite simply, this movie blew my mind. Its humor worked every time and I, along with the rest of the audience, laughed to the point of tears consistently. The action was well shot and kept me interested and the movie finally does respect to the Deadpool character. The acting is good-enough, but Ryan Reynolds really shines through. You can clearly tell everyone was having fun the whole time during filming, and that made the film even more enjoyable. It should be known that this movie IS about Deadpool, so it really does earn its "R" rating. the language in this movie is consistently crude and the violence is as gratuitous as one may expect. Overall, if you know what you're walking into, you will love this movie. (Stay for the 2 after-credit scenes).
평점: 1	리뷰: Deadpool is a perfect film for the New Audience as well as for Fans, There couldn't be a better choice of Actor for Deadpool role other than The Guy, Ryan Reynolds...Seems like it was his destiny to do this role grin emoticonMovie does fulfill fan's desire for 3 years of wait but as i know how this character is my expectations were too muchBut still the movie is completely Hilarious and Most Comedy Superhero ( Well he's technically a mercenary ) This movie did Start with a comic note and maintains to keep Comic and Dark tone at the same time ( The way a Deadpool movie should have been )The use of Fourth Wall Break is done in a appropriate way...The Character might start talking to the audience anytime he feels like ( Of course Deadpool is known for 4rth Wall Break ) and he did it in a good wayViolence level is high so it's not a movie for weak hearted or children'sBut for people like us, IT'S A PERFECT MOVIE.....Don't Forget to wait till Post Credits SceneBest Things *Action *Fourth Wall Break *Comedy *Origin Story *Deadpool *Jokes / Dialouges *Colosus *Post CreditCan't give it less than 9.5/10 ( Hope this doesn't add me to Deadpool's Naughty list but i had to do it )
평점: 10	리뷰: this movie is totally tasteless and really really bad.its just f-words and s-words,i felt like semi-porn movie with some characters from man of steel (superman).low budget movie with superficial routine story. i don't know why IMDb has locked parental guidance. i got headache after watching this movie.if you want to save your money,its best to not to watch this movie. i don't like to watch vulgarity and nudity in cinema,movie must be about pleasantness , movie with lots of private stuff like nudity is big turn off. one can sit at home and watch nudity or porn in private,why to buy a ticket for marvel comic which has same content as b-grade porn movies.
평점: 9	리뷰: As many memes across social media have indicated--and I will reiterate--this movie is NOT for kids (and no, your kids are not the exception). This is a super not- hero (and the 'not' is important, but you must see the movie in order to understand) movie that is written for a mature audience. From the groundbreaking self-aware opening credits to the perfectly paced and strategic adult-humor, this movie is sure to have you laughing from beginning to end. And it's not just the writing that is super but the visual effects, stunt sequences, and fight scenes are far above par for this action movie genre. Ryan Reynolds captures the character of Deadpool so incredibly effectively that you will swear that he was made for this role. Not your Disney-Marvel movie, Fox and Marvel bring you a spectacular combination of action and comedy to show off this unique anti-hero, so to speak, for fans of the comic and those who just enjoy a super movie.Simply from the opening credits, it is clear that this movie is incredibly self-aware and playing to the audience one hundred and ten percent. BEST opening credits ever, in terms of creativity and being an extension of the narrative itself. The idea of a self-aware movie is not a common one to begin with and certainly not a trope of traditional superhero movies. I think that is what I appreciated most about the movie. The brilliance behind the self-awareness is that the film is equally self-aware as it does take itself seriously as a superhero movie. Never before have I witnessed the fourth wall being broken so incredibly much. For those of you who do not know what breaking the fourth wall is, in its simplest form, it is when the character addresses the audience. This is apparently an element that was brought over from the comic, according to my comic and anime enthusiast coworker that went with me to screen the movie last night. What makes Deadpool's continuous commentary so effective and entertaining is the fact that he says what many of us would be thinking given if we encountered the same scenario. The candor is such a breath of reality within this world of fantasy or augmented reality.So often a movie will either choose to rest upon its strong writing, impeccable acting/direction, or visual effects; the sheer remarkable innovation in this movie is supported by not one but all the aforementioned elements. Ordinarily, I am able to find flaws in a movie--especially within the superhero genre--but not this time. I suppose, the fourth wall was broken a little too much, but that would be the only flaw I could identify. Sometimes a movie can be a great superhero movie but not a great film; however, Deadpool exceeds expectations both as a superhero movie and as a film in and of itself. At first thought, you may feel that a movie with endless diegetic and non-diegetic commentary may overshadow or steel attention or coherence from the narrative itself, but the writers did such a fantastic job of integrating the narrative and commentary so seamlessly that the movie is doubly entertaining as it would be without the offensive, explicit, hormonal commentary from the earthiest and most human of superheroes. And yes, I realize I am using superhero even though Deadpool reminds me over and over again that he is not a hero, but you get the idea.Ryan Reynolds is one of those actors who is equally talented as he is attractive, and he gets to show off for this movie in ways that many actors wish they could in movies. But, it does not come off as obnoxious at all. That's the beauty in the direction of this movie. You'd think that his over sexualizing of himself and the continuous adult commentary that he (or the movie) would play off as exceedingly obnoxious, but you'd be mistaken. There is a perfect balance struck by the writers and director that enable Deadpool to be a total douchebag, but oddly enough, in the most endearing way. For fans of the X-Men comics, 90s cartoon, or the X-Men movies, you will get to witness a crossover of movies in Deadpool. In an ever growing effort to recruit Deadpool to join the elite mutant force lead by Charles Xavier, Colossus and Negasonic Teenage Warhead confront Deadpool. This subplot is an important elements to Deadpool because it helps to build Fox's X- Men universe by bringing two franchises.Without getting into a lot of IP (intellectual property) rights discussion, despite the procurement of Marvel in 2012, as long as Fox keeps making X-Men movies, Sony makes Spiderman movies (even though he is appearing in the Avengers series), and Universal Studios Florida keeps modifying and improving attractions, then Disney does not have the rights to use the respective characters in movies or rides. Now, IP rights are a little more complicated than that, but I wanted to provide you with a general idea. Back to the crossover. Including the X-Men in Deadpool is strategically important for three simple reasons: (1) as I mentioned earlier, it helps to rebuild and reinforce the respective timelines of both franchises (2) it builds the foundation for a larger character universe, much in the same way Disney is doing with the Avengers and related movies and (3) part of what makes Deadpool so incredibly fascinating is his ability to play the anti-hero off of legitimate superheroes or, as Fox is able to officially call them, mutants.If you are a fan of Disney-Marvel's Guardians of the Galaxy, and you are NOT a kid, then you will definitely enjoy Fox-Marvel's Deadpool. Prepare yourself to experience a superhero-action movie like no other. From being mesmerized at the stunning visual effects and editing to the incredibly funny writing and acting, you are sure to be entertained and will definitely crave more. Good thing that Deadpool has already received the green light for a sequel.
평점: 7	리뷰: In what has probably been the greatest and most outrageous marketing campaign for any film, Deadpool finally made it to the big screen. No X-Men Origins Wolverine doesn't count, because there is absolutely no way we can call that character Deadpool, and luckily, this film takes a few stabs at that. Nonetheless, it has been a long road for the 'Merc with a Mouth' but I think now is the right time. With the abundance of comic book films pouring out every year, Deadpool brings a refreshing take on the genre. Much thanks to his daring comic creators in the 90's, he's an uncompromising, foul mouthed, anti-hero that has fun doing what he's doing. That's a great way to describe this film, insane fun.The film tells the relatively paint by the numbers narrative of Wade Wilson falling in love with Vanessa, played by Morena Baccarin, and then having to look for a cure to his terminal cancer. Enter a Weapon X like program run by Ajax, played by Ed Skrein, who offers Wilson the chance to become cured from his cancer and also gain special abilities. The film is told in a non-linear structure for the first hour or so which can feel a little strange at first, but after a few scenes you grow comfortable with it knowing the chaotic and absurd nature of the character of Deadpool himself, thus a non- linear structure fits the bill.Ryan Reynolds was absolutely born to play Wade Wilson/Deadpool. Over the last year or so seeing all the marketing material, we have gotten plenty of reasons why he was the perfect fit for him, but I still went in with reasonable expectations. There are a lot of great characters in the film that have fun playing alongside Deadpool, but make no mistake, Reynolds is the star of this film in more ways than one. Reynolds has had difficulties in the past with picking the right roles to fit his strengths, but this is the role that will define his career, and I sure hope he sticks around for awhile.Colossus and Negasonic Teenage Warhead provide us and Deadpool with the extra heroes and X-Men characters that help Pool against Ajax and crew, but also confirm to the audience that he does have the potential to crossover with the X-Men at some point. Deadpool's banter with them two makes for some of the best comedic relief of the entire script. Not only that, but they served a purpose for the character of Deadpool in his emotional arc of the story and also the physical arc as well.First time feature film director Tim Miller does a brilliant job bringing a lot of people's favorite comic character to life and Paul Wernick and Rhett Reese do an impeccable job writing the screenplay. I came out of this thoroughly entertained and with a giant smile on my face. Surprisingly, it didn't have anything to do with the well choreographed action sequences, the hilariously placed cameos, or the perfect after credits sequences, but the fact that the writers, producers, director and everyone involved, got this character right. It's only been a few months since Fox messed up another one of their comic book properties but the fact that this film started of the 2016 superhero slate with a bang just makes me happy. For all intents and purposes, this film is made for nerds, myself being one of them. It's made for those who begged Fox to make a Deadpool film all these years even after Ryan Reynolds got stuck in Green Lantern Hell, another area in which Deadpool enjoyed poking fun at. In reality though, I think everyone can at least enjoy themselves watching the film. They pitched it as a love story for Valentine's Day weekend and you definitely get that. Vanessa and Wade worked well together and a love story that you care about in a superhero film is usually tough to come by. There's something for everyone here, but those who truly care about this character will appreciate it the most. Whether it was presence of the X-mansion, ripping Hugh Jackman/Wolverine, surprising Batman and even Marvel universe nods, the amount of easter eggs are endless. This was the Deadpool film we all wanted to see, and boy did we get it.+Reynolds is perfect+Dirty, brutal, and hilarious+Spot on interpretation of Deadpool+So many easter eggs+Colossus and Negasonic Teenage Warhead fit in well9.2/10
평점: 8	리뷰: As I sat in the theatre on opening day, hearing roars of laughter burst from all around me at a scene I hadn't realized was meant to be funny, I realized that this movie is great. It's not intelligent, original, deep, or insightful in anyway. Obviously though, it isn't meant to be. It's a film which targets people who like crude and obnoxious humour (reminiscent of Archer), and succeeds in its entirety. Although I personally rarely laughed, I came to terms that it simply isn't my type of film. I appreciated that it's fourth wall breaking, self aware, over the top humour was done perfectly for mainstream audiences. Ryan Reynolds even gives a solid performance, portraying an adequate amount of emotion during his origin story while remaining light hearted and comedic during the majority of the film. I could dull this review down by naming countless minor flaws I found through the films runtime but that would be pointless. No one cares, this is an entertaining flick which it's target audience is sure to love.
평점: 8	리뷰: This is the origin story of former Special Forces operative turned mercenary Wade Wilson. He is subjected to a rogue experiment that leaves him horrifically disfigured but with super powers and his alter ego Deadpool is created.Tim Miller's first big feature! He's known more for his title designs (Girl with the Dragon Tattoo)and shorts so this movie must have been an exciting step up for him.This project went from pretty much being cancelled to being one of the most anticipated movies of 2016. It spent many years in development hell because the people at 20th Century Fox didn't believe that the project had enough box office potential..well, they have certainly been proved wrong so far! It's the famous Marvel comic adapted to the big screen, just with a serious amount of rude jokes, nudity, crazy sex and violencedefinitely not one for the kiddies!!! Few superhero movies are as faithful to the original source material as Deadpool is. Even if you're not a fan of the comic you will still find this movie incredibly entertaining and hilarious! I don't want to spoil anything for you guys but watch out for the opening credits – genius!! Think Mask/Kick Ass/Xmen with a dollop of Vanilla Sky in there too.Ryan Reynolds 5th time in a comic book movie! He is without a doubt the best thing in this film and I love how the forth wall is broken down and he cracks jokes and talks to the audience, this is a really nice touch.Don't expect too much emotional depth. This film is all about the COMEDY!! There's a really nice love story running throughout the movie but it could have been slightly more powerfulpulling on the heart strings a bit more.So the villain, the baddie, is played by Ed Skrein (The Transporter Refueled)I wasn't a huge a fan of this. I felt his performance was weak and not strong enough to hold his own up there with Reynolds. With every super hero there needs to be an equally powerful Villain! Saying all this I'm willing to let it slide as overall this movie is GREAT fun!! Morena Baccarin was good and she looked stunning, I really liked her in Homeland and it's nice to see her on the big screens.Witty script, awesome music by Junkie XL and you can see how much hard work and passion Ryan Reynolds has put into this project and he is on fire! Joke after joke you'll be laughing yourself silly which is what this film is all about! Comic book fans will not be disappointed! I'm excited to see the sequel and I'm really pleased all their hard work and determination has paid off!! Bravo!! You can watch my review (and more) here and please subscribe!: https://youtu.be/GNYs234NOMs
평점: 8	리뷰: Adhering to MPAA rules is killing creativity of US blockbusters, that is by now pretty certain. The rating system scares away almost any kind of risk taking when it comes to making expensive A-list films because film companies, naturally, want to see their huge investments returned by assuring the widest possible public appeal - but they don't want to p|ss off the censors. That's why it's ever easier to predict the plot and the stories are all looking blander and more and more alike. Any form of gritty realism, readily available on the Internet and TV-news, is a huge "no-no" when it comes to showing a cinematic work of art to a precious little teenager or an adult prude.Films made upon comic books are particularly sanitized, given the nature and obscurity of the source, and they suffer for it a great deal. Enter "Deadpool" as one of the rare attempts to tackle the "R-rating". Not to fight the rating system itself but to sort of rehabilitate the "R" and make it lucrative again, long after the impact of "Pulp Fiction" and "Private Ryan" has been forgotten. It has been heavily marketed as "not for children" and it was implied that the filmmakers hope for a sizable money return nonetheless. There seems to be a growing intent to make comic book films more adult-oriented, and I'm certain a lot rides on the success of this film.Since this is a sort of probe, it's obvious from the first minute that Marvel and Fox allowed filmmakers unusual creative liberties but, unsurprisingly, unusually low budget. A complete newcomer (when it comes to directing a feature film, that is), in form of Tim Miller, is put at helm, partly probably for fresh perspective, partly because he's expendable in case of failure. Expendable is also the main star, a handsome but down-and-out Ryan Reynolds. At this point he's got little to lose.Apparently, Miller handled everything pretty well. From really impressive and hilarious opening shot, through solid pacing and good action scenes, to dynamic climax. Really, hardly anything to complain about there. Editing is also done well, although there are places where more trimming would be welcome. Screenplay is more of a two-way street, however, and it has its hits and misses. It's undoubtedly brave, not only with gratuitous and quite welcome profanities, sex, blood gore and dark humor, but with the concept of a downbeat main character itself and complementing mise-en-scène, as well as with the ending. There are many inventive visual gags and some verbal jokes really click, but a lot of them are overwritten, cheesy, too absurd or unnecessary so the reaction to them is more of a "meh" than a real amusement. But, I suppose that's what the character of Deadpool is all about - an edgy, nervy, blabbering sort of fellow, as the lore goes, a spitting image of Ryan Reynolds.Yes, as it happens, Deadpool, a relatively new hero of Marvel universe, is fashioned after the guy that eventually got to play him twice by now on film. So Reynolds by definition does the character justice. But I did hope for something slightly different than Reynolds doing his usual hamming and nodding. He is surely a likable actor and carries the film well, but a comedian he isn't and he simply cannot find the right measure for his deliveries. So he's a hit and miss too, in this film as well as in his entire career.I recommend "Deadpool" because although not brilliant, it's quite a fun watch. It's also an unrestrained celebration of the "R" and as such, hopefully, a small milestone in the future of filmmaking. I'd honor it here properly if IMDb allowed me to use the same words that were used in the film. Oh, IMDb, you're a walking piece of sh|t irony!
평점: 10	리뷰: I really, really liked Deadpool. And you know what? I didn't expect to. Seriously, I was never a fan of the character (in the sense that I hardly knew anything about him) and the humor as well as the violence seemed forced and overdone in the trailers. Still, I remained interested in the film, I just never expected it to actually be good - until the reviews arrived. After most critics unexpectedly showered this newest superhero movie with praise, I went in cautiously optimistic (but still fully prepared to hate the film).The first thing I noticed was how inventive the storytelling is. The film throws you into the action from the first moment (literally: the very first moment) and then it goes back and forth in brilliant and unexpected ways to slowly unspool the story of this insane - but oddly charming - antihero. Flashbacks and fast-forwards can be annoying as hell, but when done right, they can help render even a somewhat simple story fresh and exciting. And that's exactly how Deadpool felt to me right from the start: like a fresh (if somewhat dirty) jolt of energy.The action itself is beautifully designed, employing playful visuals and using pretty much every camera technique available; it never feels repetitive and the pacing is close to perfection. But, and that was probably the key to me liking the film so much, there's a beating heart underneath all the action and carnage, and that has a lot to do with how brilliantly Ryan Reynolds portrays the character and the great chemistry he has with co-star Morena Baccarin. What came as a complete surprise to me was how unabashedly romantic Deadpool is. The love story in this film is probably the most sincere I've ever seen in a superhero movie and it gives the film the strong emotional core which so many of these movies lack.The humor, which I initially feared would just be non-stop juvenile wisecracks and soon become distracting, also works surprisingly well. Not every line or every joke lands - but that's the beauty of this character: they don't really need to. Deadpool can't help himself; as long as he's able to breathe he'll crack wise and make fun of himself and those around him. It's a clinical condition; he's not a stand-up comedian whose jokes need to land: he's a madman (albeit a very entertaining one) and the comedy in his case is born out of tragedy.Despite all my praise, it's not a perfect film. The villain in this revenge tale could be more memorable and the story itself is a bit too derivative to really do its highly unconventional protagonist (he insists he's not a hero) justice: but it's a damn good first entry in a franchise that will hopefully explore the character and his world to a much larger extent in the sequel(s). And it's actually a very important film for another reason. If Deadpool is a financial success - which at this point is already clear it will be - this could play a vital role in how studios henceforth view the financial prospects of R-rated superhero films, and we'll hopefully see more of them in the future.Many people might feel different - and I respect their opinion - but I've grown tired of the entirely bloodless CGI overkill in all those 200 million productions where even the most terrible villains talk like Mormon schoolgirls. I mean: there's a gigantic audience out there that is over the age of 18, loves to read comic books and can absolutely handle real-world language, real-world sex and real-world violence in superhero movies. This genre is so diverse; it's ridiculous to believe just because comic books have pictures in them all film adaptations - regardless of the material - must automatically be made for kids in order to be successful.As it is, I think Deadpool - a dirty, funny, sexy and violent film which is decidedly NOT for kids - just proved my point perfectly. 8 stars out of 10.Favorite films: IMDb.com/list/mkjOKvqlSBs/Lesser-Known Masterpieces: imdb.com/list/ls070242495/Favorite Low-Budget and B-Movies: imdb.com/list/ls054808375/Favorite TV-Shows reviewed: imdb.com/list/ls075552387/
평점: 8	리뷰: Probably the best superhero movie I've watched so far. i can't express so much (with words) but oh me oh my, the movie was AWESOME to the nth degree!!! There were never dull moments. The fight scenes were great. The story was nice. The LOVE story was nicer ;). And Dead pool was pure awesome, did i say awesome again? Yes!! I could say Awesome over and over again, if it was meant for Dead pool. I could talk all day to my friends about this movie. The dialogues were cheeky and funny. Colossus was just great himself too. Definitely one of the best movies on its genre. :'))))P.S. this is my first review for a movie. :)
평점: 8	리뷰: Speaking as a Deadpool fan this movie is just as good as I could hope for seeing Fox's track record as late.The movie itself is pretty straight forward which the trailers essentially told you the whole movie. That's not to say that it was bad but it did take an unusual narrative structure to tell it's story to help stand apart from current Marvel and DC films.Even the easter eggs and breaking of the fourth wall help to enhance the movie in the sense that it knows what it is as a movie and what movie universe it is set in because it helps to drive the movie forward and even point out some of it's own plot holes.The R rating is well deserved in my opinion. It is not for kids. Take the violence of Daredevil, sex scenes of Jessica Jones and mild emotional tones of The Dark Knight trilogy and you get Deadpool.In the end it may be a Fox produced movie set in the X-Men Universe but it's so different of style you'd think it was set in the Marvel Cinematic Universe. Highly Recommended.
평점: 7	리뷰: Written by Robert Nickerson...NOPE! The awesome Deadpool!Hey you! Yeah, you! What are you doing reading this and not at the movies right now watching Deadpool? I've had to wait through two decades worth of comics and that god-awful X-Men Origins: Wolverine movie in order to get my own spin off (who through that quieting me, the merc with a mouth, was a great idea?). I'm even using one of my super powers that allows me to talk to you, the readers (which the other X-Men see as schizophrenia in the world of the comics). Go spend money. Go eat some popcorn. Give more money to 20th Century Fox so that I can get a sequel!I bet your wondering what's my deal. Besides that fact that I can heal faster then that tool Wolverine, I hold nothing back as I cut and kill all people I hate (which might be everyone, so I may be looking at you!). Guns, swords, my hands; as long as I get the job done. But I love cracking jokes that this other critic, Robert Nickerson, is no where near talented enough to make. So now that we've had our little pow wow, let's get into what my movie Deadpool shows about me!Wade Wilson (played by Ryan Reynolds, that guy from Van Wilder) is a mercenary who's no hero, but he's willing to stop stalkers. He's a crack up and makes some good jokes, but the sick ones haven't arrived yet. While meeting with his friend, bar owner Weasel (played by T.J. Miller, nerd), he meets the hooker with a heart of gold, Vanessa (played by Morena Baccarin, super hot!). The two become attracted to each other with their similar backgrounds and sexual interests and seems to be a good couple. Things go wrong for Wade when he finds to have cancer everywhere.To cure his cancer, he undergoes an experiment as run by Francis Freemen (played by Francis Freeman, tool). Wade is submitted to days of torture and medical injections of a serum. His mutation of healing is triggered in an oxygen chamber, but it makes his complexion disfiguring. He manages to escape, but can't manage to face Vanessa with his new look. Hoping to find Francis, he become a masked vigilante to now be called Deadpool. He attacks various syndicates, hoping to find a cure for his ugliness, with the help of two X-Men trying to recruit him, Colossus (the real Iron Giant) and Negasonic Teenage Warhead (coolest name ever!)Deadpool is finally the right movie for a guy like myself. Like my comics, the movie allows me to go full force with as much blood and splattered limbs as possible. I have no clue what Ryan Reynolds was meant for, but letting him play me is a match made in heaven. I usually don't care for him as an actor (did you see him in Green Lantern?), but his snarkiness really works o his advantage. He plays me as an unpredictable force, and that's fine by me!Story wise, Deadpool is a revenge story, but it also works as a good introduction for me. Those that don't know will be surprised to find a love story. But aside from that kissy-boo-boo business, action fans will get their kick. Colossus and Negasonic Tennage Warhead are both welcome into the world of the uncanny X-Men. If I had to say anything negative about my movie is that that villain is weak. He may be an evil British guy, but I've seen this guy in too many movies before. And as much as I joke about superhero formulas, mine does succumb to some of them. The good news from that is if I get a sequel (I'll probably get it), the formula has now gotten out of the way in order to really go at it next time around (shall we call it Deadpool Rides Again?).I'll give my movie eight me's out of ten. Deadpool is an awesome, violent, and very meta antihero story that most people will see as a welcome change to the over saturated Marvel line up. Take your friends but leave the kids at home (or take them anyway, I don't care!).
평점: 9	리뷰: Even if you downright despise Tim Miller's "Deadpool," Marvel's R-rated, vulgar and violent superhero film, you almost have to admire the lengths to which this film was marketed. "Deadpool"'s colorful and eclectic marketing campaigns, which featured interactive theater standees, a multitude of different posters and banners with tongue-in-cheek lines, bold and self- referential Television spots, professional interviews with the cast in character, and a release over Valentine's Day weekend to further its lack of boundaries, is among one of the best of the new decade in terms of getting people excited about what was predicted by many to be a tough film to market.The fact of the matter is something like "Deadpool" is what the Marvel brand needs. Even amongst superhero fans, the recent influx and market-saturation of heroes getting their first origins story on film or sequels furthering another hero's saga, the genre is breeding familiarity and contempt at the same time (I've spoken about this on a personal level many times). Superhero films often bear a PG-13 rating for strong violence, sporadic language, and sexual innuendos. Meanwhile, here's a film of the genre that earns its R-rating like most Judd Apatow comedies do; comparatively, with all the four-letter words tossed around like sentence articles, it would the events on Saturday night at a city bar look worthy of a PG-13 rating. Finally, its bloody, often wince-inducing violence reminds us that, even in the modern day, superhero films aren't nearly as rough and ugly as they could be. The film is less Marvel's red-headed step- child amongst superheroes than it is an unearthly, oversized meteor that has just crashlanded in a multiplex near you, demanding your money and attention for nearly two hours in return for some of the most cacophonous violence, language, and debauchery you're likely to see from a mainstream film all year.The film revolves around Wade Wilson (Ryan Reynolds), a mercenary who now spends his days in New York City protecting teenage girls from stalkers and ex-boyfriends by working for a company that specializes in taunting and assaulting them. Wade winds up becoming romantically entangled with a prostitute named Vanessa Carlysle (Morena Baccarin) with plans to marry her until he is diagnosed with terminal cancer. As a response, he leaves Vanessa and undergoes an underground procedure to kill his cancer, only to be injected with a serum that leaves him horribly disfigured. Upon escaping from Francis Freeman's (Ed Skrein), the man who has surgically altered him and his body, Wade learns that he now has the ability to rapidly heal, as well as maneuver and contort his body in inhuman ways.In effort to mask his horrid appearance, Wade "squeezes his ass" into red and black spandex, attaches two machetes to his back, protects himself with an endless supply of guns and ammo, and becomes the violent and unpredictable Deadpool. He plans on taking out Francis for ruining his physical appearance, rescue his girlfriend from her captivity by Francis, and continue to assure both Colossus (Stefan Kapičić) and Negasonic Teenage Warhead's (Brianna Hildebrand), two individuals that are part of X-Men, that he doesn't need to join X-Men in order to become a more competent, proved superhero."Deadpool"'s approach to humor is much like that of "Dirty Grandpa"'s, a film I saw about two weeks ago that has already faded from the minds of most consumers; it's a film that throws numerous lines, jokes, and concepts at a wall in order to see what sticks. Throughout the course of this film, Reynolds' Deadpool probably has a good one-hundred and fifty lines rooted in jokes, and while less than half produce a laugh, they help articulate that this is a character none of us have really seen before. Deadpool's unapologetic lack of political incorrectness is what makes him such a monumental, albeit exhausting, presence. His unwillingness to cater to the tendencies of the mainstream or the ordinary are precisely why we watch superhero films in the first place; it's only recently that we, along with the core themes of the films, have lost sight of this in favor of quantity over quality.The consistent pestering of Deadpool by Colossus and Negasonic Teenage Warhead works to illustrate a nice metaphor of how Deadpool's inception on-screen came to be. Some studio executives probably wanted to neuter or clean up his attitude and story to make him a more marketable character rather than an outspoken anti- hero; perhaps make him a dark, but not too dark, X-Men character that at least had some semblance of discipline. Through Reynolds', Miller's, and screenwriters Paul Wernick and Rhett Reese's respect and loyalty to the character and his brand, they've created a film that will satisfy, or at least entertain, almost all who choose to see it. While its humor is a bit infrequent, its ability to entertain is quite prolific, merging meaningful drama with raunchy comedy and gratuitous bloodshed to create the Quentin Tarantino of superhero films from the ground up.Marvel needed a superhero that the wearying audience could look unto and smile and through the fourth-wall breaking, crude and careless, unapologetically ruthless Deadpool, they've crafted a hero that is worthy of your attention.

영화제목: Furious 7
평점: 7	리뷰: I saw Furious 7 at a SXSW screening. The sudden death of Paul Walker shocked his fans and the people who were setting hopes for another F&F movie. Well, James Wan and his crew managed to pull it together using CGI and stunt doubles. I have to say, it was a bigger stake here than Furious 6, which felt more bang- bang than a GOOD movie. If you are looking for little story, more car chases, stupendous action and violence and hot babes, Furious 7 is your ticket. The scenes shot in Dubai are particularly spectacular, with lush resorts, exotic cars being driven off hotel rooftops and crashing into an art gallery, ah! What wonders F7 takes you to! You may know, James Wan from Insidious and Saw, and his crazy camera tricks are highlight here. But it comes with a little compromise, the acting, Diesel feels raw, while Rodriguez feels stale and bland. Walker is great, as usual (R.I.P) Tyrese Gibson is the worst, with his "cool guy" attitude and "bad boy" cliché character. Overall, this one last trip as Torretto calls it, is refreshing, bang on and full out spectacular. Furious 7 deserves to be watched.
평점: 8	리뷰: Furious 7 is badass. This movie is way different than the previous installments, due to James Wan, who was a fantastic director and had great camera shots in this. The fight scenes were awesome,the Statham and Rock fight is one of the best in the whole series. The audience was cheering and clapping through the whole film. The movie was also hilarious due to the comedic sides of Tyrese and Ludicrous. It was interesting to see how they dealt with Paul Walker,the CGI could've been better but I loved the way they used archive footage of him.Along with the action, there is a very emotional side to this movie. There are certain scenes that are very sad and one of them,Paul actually filmed. Overall,this movie was packed with tons of action,badass one-liners,and a farewell to an amazing actor and person. Rest in Peace Paul Walker.
평점: 10	리뷰: With stellar reviews already, Furious 7 is set to be the largest hit for the Furious franchise yet; and rightfully so. This movie masterfully displays just how deep the values of family and honour are embedded within the Furious characters. Paul Walker is fantastic in his last ever movie, alongside Vin Diesel and new addition Jason Stratham as the movies antagonist; this movie really deserves to be seen. Fan or not, there is no denying that Furious 7 will take you on a roller-coaster of a ride; emotionally and visually, culminating in the best, most enthralling Furious movie to date which will live on in fans' hearts forever.
평점: 10	리뷰: Even i have never see the other Fast & Furious films series to know the story line. Even it has the many Clichés of Action Films. But for what it is,is a Pretty Awesome Film (Especially for the Series)If you not are fan of this series,that OK (but don't you dare to say something bad about Paul Walker) If you are not familiar of the series i cant help you with that ,all i can do is tell you to see the films seriesThis film is still on Theaters so i am not going to spoiler most of the middle & the ending because is really worth it to see it with out knowing much.So what is so good about this film? Let's have a lookStory:This film taking place after Fast & Furious 6 Ending. In this one is about Deckard Shaw seeks revenge against Dominic Toretto and his family for the death of his brother and that is the hull story ,is the hull revenge story cliché and well it really works for this film because the main villain of this film is really good ,you know why is angry and why he want to kill Dominic Toretto and his family the story it has is really sad and you fell so sorry about this guy. speaking of whichCharacters:Most are the original actors you like of this series are still here and we also have some new actors in this film and all of them are awesome. But let's talk about the big once (in my opinion) and that is Jason statham & paul walker Jason play as the main new villain of this series it was really cool in this roll,i was a little afraid it was going to sting in the roll of a villain because i have never see him play the roll of a villain but after i watch this film it was awesome in this roll it was a really good choice i enjoy every min of him. Paul play as Brian it was also really good and it was a good thing to see him one last time,i was really worried what are they going to do here because Paul died before will make the news there going to do other Fast & Furious ,to make a film without one one of main actor it was impassable but what they did,they have done amazing job. As for the rest of the others they all great and they did amazing job too. (and as for Nathalie Emmanuel is really hot)CGI:The CGI is Unbelievably Awesome if i watch this film on 3D it will way more awesome & look really real. This one has the most awesome car chases,the best fight scenes & the most awesome action scenes of this series.(in my opinion) My favorite of them all is when the fall of a plane and they were after a truck with mini-guns.Overall this new one of this series is in my opinion the best of this series and it is really enjoyable to watch it with friends and 3D when he come on 3D. Even it has a lot of the clichés we see in other action films,it makes something new and fresh to be enjoyable & watchable AND MOST IMPORTANT IT USE PAUL WALKER PERFORMANCE RESPECTFULLY THAT FOR THE FANS IT GOING TO BE WONDERFUL.5/5 10/10 98/100 and 5 stars and will give it 5 Oscars to use the death Actor Performance respectfully
평점: 1	리뷰: Wonderful. I got to see one of the advanced screenings and it was everything you have come to expect from the franchise. I don't know if this is exactly a spoiler per se, but just in case I'm marking it as one! (spoiler spoiler! Describing the tone at the end!)What I didn't expect was what a touching and sentimental tribute to Paul Walker it would be. Everyone, including the very burly macho dudes sitting near me, were in tears at the end. Half the audience was sobbing. The only reason I gave it a 9/10 is because it was emotionally exhausting! I think the ending to the previous movie was a lot more exciting and got your blood pumping, whereas this ending required the entire credits sequence for the theater to put themselves back together again. We were all a bunch of superfans, so we were probably more attached to Paul than the average movie-goer, so your experience may be less overwrought with emotions.
평점: 10	리뷰: I saw this movie tonight, at 19:00 at Event Cinemas. I was looking forward to this movie before Paul Walker passed. Prolonging the release was horrible, but I'm glad they took the time to finish the franchise instead of throwing everything together and calling it quits.The thing that stands out about the Fast and Furious (FnF) is how much the characters value themselves as family, NOT friends. The family aspect felt stronger than ever in FnF7, which brung Sean Boswell into play with Dom.With a different director, the action shots & camera affects were better than every before seen in FnF. Fight scenes were amazing, though they could never top Dwayne Johnson & Vin Diesel! ;) Tyrese Gibson kept the comedy going while Vin Diesel dominated the drama side of things, and of course the action. The action was amazing, as always, and the cars were just as fast. No let downs there!The most amazing thing about this movie, to me, was the archive footage of Paul Walker, which in fact was filmed by himself. (Some of it.) The last 5 - 10 minutes were the actors, relaxing on a beach, remembering Paul Walker, were they in character? That's up to you to decide.This franchise couldn't of been as successful as it was without Paul Walker. He was an amazing person, and he couldn't have received a more touching goodbye. Rest In Peace, Paul.
평점: 7	리뷰: Furious 7 is definitely living up its name - Furious. A good movie keeps you excited at first, WOW in the middle & OMG in the end. & this is exactly what you will get in this movie. Furious 7 is so wild, engaging & exciting from the beginning till the very end.Before seeing it, I was super curious to know how the horror movie director - James Wan was going to direct his first high budget action packed movie. In my deepest honest opinion, James Wan did a really good job. :)I'm not gonna mention in very detail, but every single element that a movie should have, has it in Furious 7. Every thing just works. The comedy, the love story, the actions etc just work so well. It's totally unbelievable how a car chasing movie like Fast & Furious could lead to a mind blowing actions movie, & it gets better from scene to scene. The best thing is that all scenes are unpredictable & keep you 'woahh' the whole time. There are so many things going on & every single character was portrayed really well. For a moment i thought i was watching Avengers! Lastly, the ending scene is really heart-warming. What a good way to end & remember Paul. You'll be missed, Paul Walker!
평점: 7	리뷰: Action packed right from the moment the "Universal Studios Globe" leaves the screen. This movie has a lot in store for fans of the "Fast & Furious" series. Highly anticipated due to Paul Walker's passing, this movie has been the perfect tribute to him! Apart from the Brilliant Babes, Remarkable Rides and the Climactic Clashes, what strikes most in the movie is the truth in emotion felt throughout the movie. The movie has a very tangled story-line which leads to pointless (at times) action scenes but all in all, its the perfect movie given the message and the history. What better way to give a perfect send off to Paul Walker?
평점: 7	리뷰: I went to a midnight screening yesterday and everyone in the theater seemed to have a great time. The highlight was undoubtedly the parachuting-scene that is extensively featured in the trailers. It is the most ridiculous and arguably the best action set piece in the entire series, narrowly beating out the bank vault chase from Fast five.Unfortunately, the film fails to achieve that same level of excitement again. The big action scene at the end is quite unimaginative for a fast&furious-movie and goes on for way too long. Over-reliance on CGI also hurts the movie, since it's not always completely convincing.Most of you will know that some of Paul Walkers scenes were made using his brothers as stand-ins combined with CGI. I'm glad to say they completely pulled it off. I personally never noticed anything off about Brian in the movie. I'm not going to spoil how Brian's journey ends, but I can say that it's a fitting and respectful goodbye to both Walker and his character of Brian. It gets really emotional.
평점: 9	리뷰: I consider myself to be a true fan of the "Fast and Furious" series. I acknowledge that Tokyo Drift is the worst of them, I myself don't like it, and I also am not the biggest fan of the fourth movie, but for the rest I have always liked if not loved the series. Being 19 years old I kind of grew up with it and have seen it evolved, it has been one of my childhood action franchises just as an 80s kid, looking back now, would consider his Die Hards and Lethal Weapons. I have always had an affection towards the movies, I understand they are not Citizen Kane, but I am truly in love with their riveting and exhilarating sense of fun, that probably no other saga can match, and the characters which I always look forward to hang out another time. Five and Six took both of these elements to the next level and still to this day, I consider some of the staple modern action movies, add this to the fact that I always have been a big Paul Walker fan, ever since I was a kid I thought that he should have been an A-list star, and you can understand the excitement I had for this movie. So after that long introduction, the big question, does the film actually match my excitement? I'll tell you what it exceeds it and takes action film limits to an even further level, even though I may still think Six is still my favourite.Before starting the actual review I want to praise this franchise for how much it has evolved and with the evolution has made every film count more. Now the first Fast and Furious isn't just a street racing movie, but it is seen as the start of this big adventure that takes us to places we would have never imagined with such a sense of fun and self conscious no other action franchise has ever matched. I just want to get the negatives about of the way, because yes I have to acknowledge them, but I would just like to geek out and write a love letter to the Fast and Furious franchise. The cringe-worthy scenes still remain, the storytelling is logically fragile and it does go totally bonkers in the last five minutes of the third act. But you know what? I did not care that much. I already hear the voices of people judging me for giving such high praise to this franchise. You know, I get it if you didn't like the first four movies, I get it, but really just open your dam mind from and have some fun! There is no place on earth where you will find better crafted entertainment, action is an art and boy do these filmmakers excel at it. It doesn't hold up as well as the others upon further viewings because it really does almost go too over the top, but it manages to walk that fine line almost perfectly for it to be still a blast on re-watch.From second one, I was jumping in my seat with joy, I was gasping trying to catch my breath, I felt like I was floating with laughter, this is how much fun is this movie. It is a two hour rush of adrenaline. Scene after scene you're thinking how the hell are they going to top that? And they do! There are sequences in this film that impacted me physically. I can't give the director, the stunts, the DPs, everybody enough credit. It really felt like the best action a human could ask for. As I said before, the movie stumbles here and there with some too over the top stuff or some rare times the scenes feel like filler, but you don't even have time to realize it that we already are at the next breath taking set piece. Credit also goes to the cast as always, who makes it even the more fun. There chemistry is stunning and they even bring the right amount of heart for someone like me who actually cares about them.Now, to the big elephant in the room, how did they handle the death of Paul Walker? I personally think even the greatest minds on earth would have a hard time topping this. From a technical point of view I was always searching for the moment were it would pop on screen and it never came, it's flawless. Moreover, they gave the character such an emotionally correct farewell I had to shed a tear. It was really, really touching. Props to everybody involved, they handled this in the best way and in this occasion I too would like to say goodbye to the actor Paul Walker in his final film. Thanks for your contribution to this amazing action franchise, I can't believe how touching it was for me realizing how many time I had actually passed with you in your films. That ending was such an emotional punch! Go see this movie and have a blast, if you're being sniffy about it either continue living in your ignorance or open your mind and go have the best fun ever!
평점: 9	리뷰: Fights, races, lots of humor and explosions. Fast 7 has everything you could wish for. There were some scenes which where a little bit too much, but Fast 6 and 5 had those too. All actors did a good job and of course Jason Statham stands out most of the time.We all knew there would be parts where Paul Walker would be replaced with body doubles and some CGI content, but that was very hard to find. They made this movie an amazing tribute to Paul and I had goosebumps during the last scene. Skylar Grey produced a wonderful song which suited the scene perfectly and the end couldn't be done better than the way they did it.Paul deserved a tribute like this.Go see this movie. It won't disappoint you!
평점: 6	리뷰: I love the first two parts of the movie series.Today I went to the cinema to watch the film and it was great! Some scenes were a little bit to boring because of this excessively action sequences. But at the end it was really touching.I cry and tears running over my face when they see off to Paul Walker (Brian O'Connor) at this epic end scene. It was fantastic and I want to say thank you for this great row of movies and this long time of accompaniment of my childhood and my life. I hope that this was the last part of this movie series. Because it was a perfect ending and now they only could mess up this thing.So when you liked Fast & Furious from the beginning or like cars and action or if you only want a film which touches you when you can something connect with Paul Walker... then go into this film and enjoy it!
평점: 7	리뷰: I rarely write reviews but i feel this one deserves one that isn't one of the overwhelmingly clouded reviews, that mix real world tragedy into the rating of a fictional piece of work.The movie is entertaining for everyone that knows what to expect and the ridiculousness of the action scenes is fun in itself. Other than that, this movie is far away from the masterpiece a lot of people make it out to be. Especially the serious parts of the dialogue are a 101 on clichéd movie lines and the story is as surprising as the content of a bag of chips. Paul Walker was a decent actor and his death is mourned by many but an emotional 5 minute tribute at the end of the movie, that also seems tacked on in terms of the storyline, is swaying many into thinking they witnessed a new Shawshank Redemption or The Godfather movie.If you are a fan of the series you're in for a great ride and if you're into action movies in general you won't waste your time with this one. Just keep an honest perspective about this movies place in history.
평점: 6	리뷰: Just came back from the furious 7 movie! One of the first screenings in the world.. bought my ticket like a month ahead.. here's my take on this.. this might contain some minor spoilers.I was really hyped for this one and super excited.. I'm a real fan of this franchise.. with furious 6(sadly still) being the best.. This movie had some crazy action sequences, some knee-slapping humor delivered by roman pierce(Terese Gibson) and some surprises like what tej(ludicrous) did when he had a little encounter with a guard..First of the action was just amazing. The cars jumping' from airplanes, the cars jumping from buildings in Dubai and the whole action sequence in the city at the end was really cool as well. Tony jaa was really cool in this movie showing off his ninja-like skills and the WWE girl was amazing as well! The actors were again fine. Im not waiting for Oscar-winning acting and you're not getting that from anyone. You could really feel some emotions flowing through the movie when Brian(Paul walker) came on screen. Scenery and Camera-work/director: A new twist to the movie was definitely the way things were shot.. You really got some nice shots from abu dhabi.. and the cars jumping from planes was amazing as well! How The rock slam-dunked Jason into the table and the camera turning with them were those little things that a did likeBut.. there were some flaws and a general thing that just.. wasn't fast&furious; The thing I have always liked in these movies was the team.. being close.. cohesive.. i felt something missing.. the rock coming in action really late in the movie.. Jason getting help from some random Mafia group.. Those things are what really took me out of not the movie.. but the franchise.. This movie felt like a complete other movie and that's not what I came for.. After fast 4.. fast 5 was a perfect sequel.. became my favor one.. than fast 6 came out.. even more so.. because the family became more tight.. close.. the began a certain bond and when you were fighting you saw that.. My favourite scene out of the whole franchise.. the whole plane action sequence with a certain highlight(Dom getting pushed by that enormous steroids guy and then he got punched by the rock and the rock and Vin diesel were standing there..). specific moments like that are the ones I missed.. Something felt off.. it didn't feel like a perfect sequel.. they could've done more with Lucas black(like actually show the freaking' race between them).. i mean in fast 5 and 6 you at least had the police-car race and the Vin against Michelle Rodriquez race. A lot to complain yet still giving this 8 of 10(give the previous two 10 of 10), because it still a good movie.. you still feel like a part of the family.. and of course.. the end.. with Paul walker and Vin diesel driving of their separate ways was so enormously touching.. 8 stars out of 10 folks. there you have it!
평점: 7	리뷰: Just came out to see Fast & Furious 7 last night.I was expecting a lot from the movie, especially from the crazy unrealistic stunts they pull out for some times. I was not disappointed on that part, the first part of the movie gives great stunts and shots, a lot of humor, a real Fast & Furious.However the movie lacks a lot in it's second part. The finale is long and boring. We are stuck for more that 30m with a chase between a car and a drone, repetitive, unimaginative, dark, without much meaning.I left the movie with mix feelings, I had both a good time and a bored time.While I do appreciate the farewell to Paul Walker at the end of the movie, I found it even more troubling regarding the storyline of that movie.It was touching, but it just doesn't makes sense in the movie. Toretto is leaving the beach... alone as if he was leaving everybody. Brian follows him, they ride and they split. All of those shots with good narrative on how much they will miss him...In the storyline, what is the points of those words? There is no clue whatsoever that Brian is going to die (does he have cancer in terminal phase or something?), Considering they intend to do a F&F8 and F&F9, I was hoping they would set up the next movies, especially what will happen to Brian, they didn't.I give that movie a 6, I think it is still worth a 7, but I found the ratings so far overrated
평점: 6	리뷰: i went to cinema for i-max 3d, i'll not recommend for i-max 3d, the cut is very fast, my friend sit next to me feel fuzzy after watched, director James who really like a lot of fast cut, jump cut for some point, camera rotate style in action.... This is a fantastic conclusion to honor Paul Walker's death. The cast are same, as usual funny Tyrese Gibson and Ludicrous, there is another cast like Jason who quite the same Jason, Tony who also same as usual good perform of action martial art, very entertaining, but i personally still feel that FF6 is better than 7. i am appreciated to all the crew to bring me exciting, fun, cool action. Director James Wan is better direct the horror film than direct an action. I'm not saying James is worse, i can see he put an effort but his style is not suitable for this
평점: 5	리뷰: Vin Diesel may have been the most indelible trademark of the 'Fast and Furious' franchise, but its late star Paul Walker has consistently been the Yang to Diesel's Yin. It is no secret that 'Furious 7' is Walker's final performance, an inevitable consequence of his untimely death in a car wreck last year while filming on this latest instalment was underway. All we will say is that its writer Chris Morgan has given him as dignified a farewell as we can expect, and as the epilogue made up of footage from each one of the movies past echoed Diesel's personal message of brotherhood and family, be prepared for perhaps the series' most poignant moment ever. This however we will say – Walker is front and centre in each and every one of the action setpieces that Morgan and its new director James Wan conceive for a solid but otherwise unspectacular entry which can't quite match the fun, excitement and adrenaline kicks of Justin Lin's two earlier chapters. Oh yes, the filmmakers have pushed the boundaries of logic and gravity to try to top the over-the-top thrills of its two predecessors, but ironically the strain of their effort is more apparent than ever.Indeed, it is telling when a car chase along the streets of Los Angeles no longer gets our pulse racing in the same way that the first movie did – and there is one in particular between Dominic and his arch-nemesis here Deckard Shaw (Jason Statham) that is particularly nostalgic. Rather, it will take parachuting Mustangs chasing after a rogue paramilitary unit up in the Caucasus mountains led by Djimon Hounsou's terrorist Jakande to get us to truly sit up, but let us reassure you that this sequence teased in the trailer ranks among the finest that this muscle-car franchise has offered. It takes close to an hour to get to this point, as Morgan sets up the vendetta between Deckard and Dominic (and as his crew) and set in motion the pieces for their latest adventure.Frankly, the plot exists only as the narrative glue for the various stunts meant to be the highlight of any 'Fast and Furious' movie. There is no point questioning just why Kurt Russell's shadowy Government agent would entrust a supposedly time-critical mission of retrieving an all-seeing surveillance programme known as the 'God's Eye' and its creator (Nathalie Emmanuel's Ramsey) to Dominic and his men without so much as having his own team to stand by. Ditto for why Dominic would even agree to put his men in such danger despite being promised that they could use the said device to track down Deckard, in particular since the latter seems to show up on his own accord at every turn to foil their plans. We get that the franchise needs to shift gears in order to stay fresh (like how the fifth movie reinvented itself into a heist caper), but this detour into international espionage is far less convincing to say the least. It also explains why we were not quite taken by the sojourn into the United Arab Emirates capital of Abu Dhabi, compared to say the favelas of Rio de Janeiro in 'Fast Five' or the streets of London in 'Furious 6'. Yes, it does provide the opportunity for Dominic to crash a Lykan HyperSport out through one of the upper floors of the Etihad Towers, float across the Abu Dhabi sky while Deckard fires grenades at him, then smash through a window of a neighbouring tower, and finally skid past a small deployment of Terracotta Warriors – but it is so ridiculous even by 'Mission Impossible' standards that one cannot help but react with bemusement than wide- eyed awe. That leaves an overblown finale in the most literal sense of the word, which sees Jakande strike up a convenient alliance with Deckard in order to unleash war on Dominic and his men in the heart of downtown Los Angeles. Between Jakande's unmanned drone and his military helicopter, the urban warfare cannot quite match the white knuckle suspense and exhilaration of a massive bank vault dragged through Rio or an assembly of race cars taking down an airplane as it prepares to take off.Certainly, Wan had big shoes to fill with Lin's departure, but the helmer (better known for 'Saw', 'Insidious' and 'The Conjuring') who has never taken on a project of this scale misses the mark on several counts. Not only is the action more 'meh' than 'wow', there is too little of the camaraderie between Dominic and his crew which gave the last two films an added 'zing'. Just as sorely missed is the dynamic between Diesel and Dwayne Johnson's Federal Agent Hobbs, the latter of which pretty much sits out the whole movie after being injured by Deckard in one of the early scenes – and despite what promise it may have shown, the mano-a-mano showdown between Diesel and Statham cannot quite live up to that between Diesel and Johnson in 'Fast Five'.After the dizzying heights of the immediate last two movies, it seems inevitable that 'Furious 7' will be at least slightly underwhelming – and if not for the beautiful sendoff for Paul Walker at the end, it would be even more disappointing. At this point, the franchise seems to be its own enemy, and if we weren't quite so taken by 'Furious 7', that's because we knew from 'Fast Five' and 'Furious 6' that it could have been much better.
평점: 10	리뷰: Sure, a lot of people are going to like cars falling out of the sky. Sure they going to like things blowing up over and over again. Some will find "Awesome" the special effects. Most will.Not me. The fast and furious franchise has gone trough some changes since it first installment. Since the return of the original cast in the fourth movie, the tone has changed, and "popcorn" action privileged over a strong story. But it was well done. Still keeping the "buddy-touch" the charismatic characters, raising one from the death in the 6 th movie, and also keeping some sentiment.But every movie, kept going in a stronger direction of "you not believe what you will see", but also in more and more nonsense. As the balance was still fine in the fourth, the fifth had just some "over the top" situations, The 6 th, was for me limit of "believable moments", but OK, it was still fun.Now, the movie in unbelievable from start to end. The situations are so overdone, and have no gram of realism. On the contrary what happen to Paul Walker in real life, the can fall from heights, crashed in cars many time, they will all be running around as nothing ever happen. Action is fine with me, but please give us a story we can believe in!Then I not know how Paul Walker death affected the final result. First, on many occasions, I had the impression it was not him, which of course is true. The theft of the car in the building, the fight with the Thai movie-star, Walker's face was either not really visible, or then not realistic, like a video game character. Sure, because of the circumstances, still well done, but visible.Where it affects probably the most is the "buddy feeling" of the movie and the dialogs between him and "Vin Diesel", were almost non existent. Vin is deciding everything, Walker, is just there to execute, probably because, their conversations were not all shot yet. And that is more difficult to artificially create, when people are not running or driving around. Loud Fireworks, crashing cars, a lot of action, not always make an exiting movie, like mentioned before, especially when what is happening is so much over the top. You not fear for your heroes any more, because, and I not say this ironically, they are not people of flesh and blood any more, but super heroes like Superman, that seem stronger then a normal human being. And that was for me the strength of F&F before, just ordinary guys, getting in a difficult situation.
평점: 10	리뷰: I watched this movie first day, first show. It started with a bang and ended with a bang, and in a way that would have crumbled even hearts of steel.This has everything one might need in a blockbuster movie. There were smoking hot chicks, electrifying dialogs, fantastic humor, awe inspiring stunts, and a menacing addition - Jason Statham.This is a movie which you dare not miss, because if you miss this one you are never going to see another. Be prepared for one last lovely beautiful and thrilling ride ahead of you, that's well worth your time and memories.In terms of cast and crew, Vin Diesel proves to be the man of the series aided by brilliant performances by Michelle Rodriguez, Tyrese Gibson, Jordana Brewster, and Dwayne Johnson. And finally the unforgettable Paul Walker. Walk into the sunset, walk through the rain... Walk straight into our hearts, and never abandon our memories again. For Paul... May your soul rest in Peace.
평점: 8	리뷰: I had to admit that this was the best movie in the Fast & Furious franchise. James Wan had done a terrific direction and the cast were just a perfect team. The movie was the final movie of late Paul Walker and I am happy to see his last movie which is fantastic. After the success of The Conjuring, Director James Wan has not let me down with the movie. The stunts were fantastic, the views were amazing and acting was above all. The movie is a great tribute to Paul Walker. Apart from regular characters, Jason Statham who played the villanious role of Deckard Shaw did justice with his role. The movie was overall a brilliant one under great direction. This is a must watch for every action movie lovers. This is the best movie I have seen so far in 2015. I go with 10/10 for this fantastic and stunning action movie.
평점: 10	리뷰: The opening of Fast and Furious 7 unleashes Jason Statham as Deckard Shaw upon the screen, the older brother of Owen (Luke Evans), the lead antagonist from the previous feature. The power exhibited during this opening however is seldom felt again, and despite Mr Statham's astounding capabilities, the script inhibits his quality to the extent that he is generally about as threatening as a pebble in one's shoe.Upon Deckard igniting his quest for vengeance against Dominic Toretto (Vin Diesel), and the other individuals involved in hospitalizing his brother, by killing Han (Sung Kang), Toretto, who, as always, is marvelously portrayed, finds himself outmatched. A man with the alias Mr. Nobody (Kurt Russell), a high ranking CIA operative, who is as suave as he is cool, approaches him. Tasked in removing Deckard, Mr. Nobody provides Toretto with an opportunity to get out in front of his opponent with a device called God's Eye, capable of hacking into all video surveillance devices and utilizing them to find anyone in the world. Unfortunately, the creator of this software, Ramsey (Nathalie Emmanuel) has been abducted by terrorists, and as any action by America would constitute an international incident, alternate means are necessary for a safe extraction - enter Toretto and his crew. With the device, they will be able to track Deckard - however, like any film, it is never that simple.Unfortunately, this particular plot seems awfully redundant. Returning to the 'pebble in one's shoe' reference, Deckard continuously shows up at every confrontation to acquire his pound of flesh - basically, Toretto needn't fly halfway across the world for some gadgetry - he could just plant himself on a park bench and wait half an hour for Deckard to come to him. True, the storyline makes for some outstanding car sequences: ploughing through trees while crashing down a cliff; cruising through a luxurious suite on one of the topmost floors of a tower; racing down the streets of Los Angeles with a Predator drone in tow, among others, are all fantastically executed, though none of it feels to have been a legitimate requirement. Moreover, almost all of the action scenes require suspension of disbelief, the fact the characters are capable of surviving some of the incidents being highly suspicious.The banter exhibited between Tyrese Gibson as Roman, and Ludicrous as Tej, is as humorous and witty as it was in the previous installment, if not even more entertaining, the few stunts Tej becomes involved in really accentuating his character's persona. Even Hobbs (Dwayne Johnson) has more than a few memorable one-liners, despite his small role, and the inclusion of Eden Estrella as his charmingly enjoyable daughter Samantha, adds further depth. However, it is Michelle Rodriguez as Letty, whose performance is the most outstanding. A conversation between her and Toretto at the beginning, where she reveals the heart-wrenching pain of being crippled by amnesia, sets the scene for her character's journey, and lines she admits towards the end of the feature are beautifully impacting.The tribute at the feature's end to Paul Walker is very touching, and the words Mr Diesel says are as brotherly as they are passionate. During the film, Mr Walker seems to have less screen time as Brian O'Connor than he had in previous movies. Any digital superimposing that was promulgated to complete his role in the movie was amazingly established, Brian's story focusing on whether he would dedicate himself to living with Mia (Jordana Brewster) and their son, as a father who drives a mini-van (one of the film's most comically painful scenes), or continue to involve himself in fierce confrontations.Despite Deckard been largely alone in his plot for vengeance, other antagonists are portrayed by the unmistakable Tony Jaa, who participates in a number of amazingly choreographed fights, and the always impressive Djimon Hounsou, as terrorist leader Jakande. Respectively, both actors received limited roles, and deserved more screen time, especially considering Mr. Hounsou's presence can equally rival Mr. Diesel's. Towards the end of the feature, it is annoying that Jakande is only capable of saying 'what?' almost a dozen times as his plans are individually and irreparably torn asunder, while the vendetta he has against Toretto is as immature as it is unnecessary.The musical score strongly resembles the former films, which assisted in immersing this feature in the franchise, and though, for the most part, the movie flowed gloriously, it was towards the end that the film began to feel unnaturally forced, the conclusion to the final battle being as anti-climatic as it is predictable. Too many coincidental moments flooded this movie, in which a protagonist arrived at the right moment to save another hero, while at the same time, unanswered questions, like, how a group of terrorists, armed with sophisticated technology, managed to make it onto American soil undetected - leave notable holes in the plot.For the most part, entertainingly, characteristically and emotionally, Fast and Furious 7 delivers on all fronts, with impressive visuals, action-packed scenarios, well executed humor, tension and drama. It is unfortunate the villains, who were equally superb, did not receive the same attention, and it is further unsatisfying that the concluding battle seems to crash and burn, much like some of the damaged vehicles.
평점: 6	리뷰: James Wan did a really good job. :)A good movie keeps you excited at first, WOW in the middle & OMG in the end. & this is exactly what you will get in this movie. Furious 7 is so wild, engaging & exciting from the beginning till the very end.There is all in one movie,,,action ,love story, comedy omg. some scenes were so funny that everyone were laughing in the movie theater. It's totally unbelievable how a car chasing movie like Fast & Furious could lead to a mind blowing actions movie, & it gets better from scene to scene. What a good way to end & remember Paul. You'll be missed, Paul Walker! I admit i was crying in the end, so for those who loved Paul, you will cry....i guarantee it :)
평점: 1	리뷰: It is a good thing the franchise sampled the heist element into its defining genre of car and culture, otherwise hardly would it have reached the level it has now. Growing through sequel after sequel, in this seventh installment of the beloved, sentimentally-charged series, the only problem is - it goes beyond adequacy.Finally stitching together the third film and its sequels, the plot takes you on a revenge game from the antagonist's side. The Toretto-O'Connor family has developed over the years, and the sentimentality is all over the place, giving the plot a considerable dose of melodrama. But the past is back to haunt them as Shaw (Statham) is vowing to avenge his brother's free-fall from that never-ending runway in the sixth film. Starting with an attack on Hobbs (The Rock), Shaw visits Dom and gang from time to time like he's an insurance agent coming in for monthly checks. All he does is arrive, talk, shoot few bullets and beautiful grenades, and leave.Then the plot drifts to a side story about a hacker who is being pursued by a dumb marauder. Unfortunately the primary bad guy (Statham), as one can possibly detect, has a screen space less than that of the Indian lad Ali Fazal. He is vindictive, agreed, but switching ON and OFF between the scenes is equivalent to a show without a villain. It mostly looked like that Dom and his gang are fighting and driving for nothing. That is confirmed when in the second half you see all of Hollywood crammed into one big setting, where all rules of science, logic, and common sense go take a hike. The second biggest problem with the plot is that Hobbs, who as an anti-hero changed the way the audience saw The Fast & The Furious series evolve, is left out. It was a delight watching him in the last two films, but in here, he is not even given his fair share of comedy. Tyrese may make you laugh with maintained humor, but he definitely overdoes it. However, fans expecting explosions WILL get explosions. After tanks and freighters, here we have flying cars and buses fit with machine guns. The action goes couple of notches higher, with breathtaking (is the right word) sequences helped by beautiful photography. The camera work is better due to the use of slow-motion stunts. If you take the advice I have mentioned in the summary, you will find delight in watching these scenes that unfold in the first half. Second half is tedious and draggy. With a climax that lasts an eternity adds further boredom to the viewing experience and makes Hollywood look like Bollywood. Even the music is a let down.The character of Letty (Rodriguez) was best left dead, because she is one player causing sameness in the film. With that silver Christ locket exchanging necks and hands more than a regular one dollar bill, it would have been wiser to prune the family business, now that Mrs. O'Connor is being cast only for the purpose of producing babies. Diesel is fine, Statham is badly cast, while Walker is purportedly the man of the show. A glorious tribute at the end closes the show with a tear.BOTTOM LINE: Watchable, because it very well defines what the franchise is all about - ones and zeros as in binary which relates to fear and loyalty as in family. So, limit your brain and experience the high-octane drama. 6/10.Can be watched with a typical Indian family? YES
평점: 10	리뷰: An action movie can indeed have a great story and balance. The best action movie ever, in my opinion, is Terminator 2. The action is there, but there are also moments of low-key scenes to build up the story. When the action scenes arrives, they are set in context with the characters and the story.Fast 7 have very poor story boarding and a even worse story. The characters are very shallow with few exceptions. Some scenes are very embarrassing to watch, and the dialog in "romanic" moments are stolen from an essay from ground school. There are almost no breaks between the action scenes, and the overall music does not match the scenes very well.Fast 5 was in contrast a far better movie with more self-irony and a more "trustworthy" story. I suspect they have tried to amplify Fast 7 to make it even more spectacular. They failed in my opinion. The best part of the movie is the very ending, but it is not in harmony with the rest of the movie at all. I was very furious after watching this movie - it is a waste of time and money.
평점: 10	리뷰: fast and furious series is not made to get Oscars or golden globes these movies are made for the young people to have a thrill and bang for their money.This movie has all the youth asks for Action, very little drama,hot babes in bikinis, car chases and of course the stuff getting blown up to pieces. if you are a young person between 18 to 28 you'll love it and if you young by heart you'll adore it.but if you are looking for award winning performances this wont be the movie for you so critics might not like it for having the same old chase and kill concept of action movies but youth will love it because they once more saw their favorite actors do what they do best.drive cars and then do whats unthinkable. also to add as this movie is like a tribute to the passing of Paul walker(R.I.P.)they have managed to put on the best farewell moments for him using CGI and body doubles of course and i think think movie justifies it very much.so go on watch this movie i bet you'll feel nostalgic all over again and also in the end you might end up in tears so do bring the tissues with you
평점: 9	리뷰: So last night we finally watched the latest installment of the Fast Saga:Fast and Furious 7. In September 2013 Paul Walker died during the filming of "Fast & Furious 7″ in a car accident. To honor him the film was completed with a modified script. The result is not only a furious action blockbusters, but also a worthy memorial to this deceased star. While Walker had already shot most of his scenes to complete the film, for the remaining parts Walkers brothers Caleb and Cody had been used in some scenes with CGI and body doubles. In the end the additional work and time spend on this was very well worth it. The fact that one of the main characters was killed during the shooting of this movie won't be noticed in the film until the very appropriate sentimental end.With its great charm, wit and attention to detail "Fast & Furious 7″ is a perfected action blockbuster. The greatest strength of the film is in my opinion that it never takes itself too serious despite its sad history. If you are a moviegoers that values a sophisticated and logical plot development and a realistic representations you are wrong here. This movie got hyperbole wherever you look, but that is not a negative thing in my opinion.Compared to the previous installments "Fast & Furious 7″ tops the predecessors in all respects and goes the extra mile. You see tuned cars drop out of a plane, drivers changing cars during full speed (several times) or crashing though the window of one Abu Dhabi Skyscraper only to end up in a neighboring skyscraper again. Epic.Especially the scene where the wounded agent Hobbs dismisses himself from Hospital with the words "Daddy has to work" by blowing up his plaster arm by flexing his biceps may soon gain cult status. In addition to the well-known stars of the previous movies, including the spin offs "Tokyo Drift", the cast was even expanded by by two high-calibers starring Jason Statham and Kurt Russell who present themselves in top form and as a valuable addition to the movie.You can tell that for everyone involved in the movie it was a matter of the heart to put Paul Walker the worthy monument that is Fast and Furious 7. For me this latest installment is till date by far the strongest film in the series and despite the tragic circumstances a huge fun ride.
평점: 10	리뷰: This movie was destined to be the most successful and entertaining movie of the Fast and Furious franchise. All F&F and Paul Walker fans have been waiting for this movie for a long time. With Furious 7, you get your normal action-packed scenes 10 times better. You get some comedy scenes and finally, you get a very well made and respected Paul Walker farewell. Furious 7 is filled with stars. You get the F&F regulars, Dwayne Johnson, and Jason Statham. Everyone of them adds something special to the movie. You also get cameos of some of the stars of Tokyo Drift. You also get to see some of the best cars in the world, car chase scenes, and some great one-on-one fights.The Paul Walker farewell was made for the F&F family and fans to say goodbye for the last time to Paul Walker. After this scene, you finally realize that you will never see Walker starring in a movie ever again. But you also realize that his final movie was one worth remembering him for.It is a movie definitely worth watching. Maybe even more than once.
평점: 10	리뷰: Amazing tribute to Paul walker, And what a wonderful memory of him... the Movie still stands in my eyes.. Amazing, extraordinary.. Some movies only stand in our eyes and this movie is.. The whole cast is marvelous and each and every minute of the film was written well... Pin Diesel stands back for family.. Paul as his brother.. Superb Ending.. I liked it.. The best movie of the decade.. Paul is amazing to watch in the screen as a father , brother.. Gibson is in his comic sense and the air diving and the stunts are .. Whooah.. One Last Ride.. Jason Statham blocks Rock.. Paul Drives.. Michelle is amazing.. Samma.. The team has really made a great effect.. For Paul..
평점: 8	리뷰: I went expecting big things from this movie, and unsurprisingly I was not surprised. This movie was everything that I was expecting. From cars, to guns, to strong female characters (I.E the beautiful and talented Michele Rodriguez and Rhonda Rousey, amongst many others.) The guys were also great, with. Vin diesel, djimon Honsou and Jason statham (all actors I have liked watching in other films they have done.) Dwayne Johnson pulling out the big guns. I really would recommend this movie and I did appreciate the farewell they gave 'the late' Paul walker at the end of the film. I do think that he will be missed by so many who have watched his films. R.I.P Mr walker. Hoping their might be something else this great group of actors can do together in the future.
평점: 10	리뷰: My Thoughts: First, let me say, I am sorry for the long break in material on the site. It has been slow for movie screenings, and I've been quite busy in real life. I will do my best to keep the page up to date, but I will be moving at the end of April, so I might be a little down until I get internet in the place.But back to the movie review...I have to say, I have loved the Fast & Furious franchise since the beginning (yes, even Tokyo Drift). And Furious 7 delivers everything and more. Dom and family are now back in LA where it all began so long ago, but things are now different. Letty (Michelle Rodriguez) still does not remember any of her past. Brian (Paul Walker) is trying to settle into married life, and he finds it a little chaffing. All of this quiet and walking down memory lane doesn't last long due to Deckard Shaw coming out for revenge for his now-crippled brother. At the beginning, it looks like he is just going to work his way through the Fast crew, but Dom gets some help from Mr. Nobody (Kurt Russell) and his black ops group who has been looking for Deckard Shaw. Before Mr. Nobody can help them track down Deckard, however, Dom and his crew need to do him a favor. There is a hacker named Ramsey (Nathalie Emmanuel) who has wrote a program called God's Eye that can pretty much track anyone in the world; once Mr. Nobody has that, then he will help Dom find and take down Deckard.This movie was excellent; if you are a fan of the franchise, you will not be disappointed in Furious 7. With them going back to Los Angeles, we get a trip down memory lane from seeing old sets that were in the first one as well as a few cameos from some of the cast that was there too. We also get to see how Fast & Furious Tokyo Drift now fits into the franchise, and we get a few cameos from that movie as well. I find it great that Vin Diesel and crew are taking the time to try to make all the movies and cast fit into the Fast & Furious lore that now exists instead of pushing them to the side and forgetting about them.The action--oh my god! When you think that they have done everything they could have done with cars and action sequences, Fast & Furious proves you wrong, be it dropping out of airplanes or jumping buildings. Usually, I am one for nitpicking things that defy logic or physics, but for some reason, with these movies, I just buckle up and enjoy the ride because I know I am going to have one helluva good time. You will not be disappointed.The fighting (which I think has now become a stable to the franchise since the addition of The Rock in Fast & Furious 5) is awesome to watch. This time, they have added Ronda Rousey and Tony Jaa to the list for some great, over-the-top fight scenes that you will not be disappointed in. One of the only negatives I can say is that Ronda Rousey looked a little stiff delivering her lines, but she makes up for it 100% with her fight scene.Even though the last two movies had easter eggs during the credits, there is not one in this movie, so there is no need to stay to the end.Last but not least: Paul Walker. I am not going to spoil it for people. It is an emotional time watching this movie as a big fan of this franchise to see them pay tribute to Paul Walker and give him such a beautiful send off. They were definitely tugging on my heartstrings towards the end of this movie, and one of my friends was actually crying.My question to you guys: should they make a Fast & Furious 8? Vin Diesel and Tyrese Gibson have both come out saying that they want to do a Fast 8, but with the loss of Paul Walker, would the franchise be the same? What are your thoughts?My Recommendation: If you are looking for a movie that offers you high octane action and some great fight scenes then you will want to see this movie.
평점: 10	리뷰: The seventh installment in the Fast & Furious film series, 'Furious 7' is pure bad-ass, no-holds-barred entertainment! It redefines popcorn entertainment & offers pure thrill. Its presentation & execution, both, are mind-bogglingly done!'Furious 7' Synopsis: Deckard Shaw seeks revenge against Dominic Toretto and his family for the death of his brother.'Furious 7' has style & substance. The Script is perfectly done, while the Action-Sequences leave you stunned. You will cheer each time a car collides with another, or when a car flies from one building to another. When was the last time an Escapist flick left you awe-struck, been a while right? Finally, 'Furious 7' does that!Chris Morgan's Screenplay is swift & fact-paced. James Wan's Direction is high-octane. Cinematography captures all the maddening action, with zeal. Editing is razor-sharp, despite a running-time over 133-minutes. Action-Sequences, simply, are spell-binding.Performance-Wise: The Late/Great Paul Walker is the emotional strength of 'Furious 7'. The talented actor who passed away back in 2013, gives the film immense power through his presence. And a beautifully fitting tribute is given to him in the film's final moments. Vin Diesel is tough, as ever. Dwayne Johnson, surprisingly, is reduced into a cameo here. He's brilliant nevertheless. Michelle Rodriguez is efficient. Ludicrous & Tyrese Gibson bring the house down, with hilarious turns. Jason Statham, as the antagonist, plays it straight. Ditto for Djimon Hounsou. Ali Fazal leaves a mark. And its so nice to see Kurt Russell back after a hiatus. The veteran is superb.On the whole, 'Furious 7' takes summer blockbusters to another level. Its entertainment at its finest! Two Thumbs Up!
평점: 1	리뷰: I wasn't quite sure what to expect from the seventh installment of this successful franchise but I was totally blown away by the seamless and well choreographed fight scenes and car chases. What makes this movie stand out from its predecessors is how it goes beyond the modding of Japanese street cars to engaging the viewer with a very decent storyline that pulls together all of the previous movies. I particularly liked the use of the cut-scenes from previous films that reminded viewers of the continuity of one helluva story.Of course, the other side of going to see this movie was knowing the loss of its prime star - Paul Walker - to a shocking car accident last year, and wondering how much of a role he would play in the film and how well they would work their CGI magic into his role. Needless to say, it was very well done (even though you could tell when they did use CGI of his face in a few scenes).Not trying to give anything away, but the final 5 minutes was a fitting send off for Paul. I'm sure there was a few takes for the final scene on the beach.Great film. 10/10 from me.
평점: 7	리뷰: But I'm giving it a 1, because of all the Walker Dead fans who upvoted. Will adjust after it's between that range. As for the franchise, it's flogging a dead horse. I mean they had started with drag racing, went on to drifting... this installment literally had cars flying EVERYWHERE.Smashing, jumping, flying, floating, cloning (Maserati), mating (Jeep?) cars... And The ROCK gets a car (sort of) too! Plot is par for the course, slightly dumbed down for the audience of today. (E.g. Kurt Russell's role and the MacGuffin tech nonsense)Overall, enjoyable show especially near the end where the action crosses into the ridiculous territory. Next installment, do F1 please.
평점: 9	리뷰: Fast And The Furious 7 REVIEW- Watched it with not so high expectations but movie is exceptionally good.i never expected much from this one but still movie surpasses my expectations.as we know there was nothing in script of last 6 parts so this one follows the same path.eye catching action sequences are just mind blowing.car stunts are beyond the imagination.all actors did good job in their particular roles.Dwanye Johnson has too short role than what we expect.movie begins with the introduction of baddie character and the movies takes pace.the chase begins to find an incredible tracking device.after 10 Min's of interval they find that device and then the baddies starts to chase them.in this chase and sequences movie comes to the climax.where we see non stop action and car stunt sequences for 20-25 minutes.as expected heroes win in the end and then director gives 4-5 minutes tribute to our beloved Paul Walker.those emotional scenes left us with tears,not fully but little bit.all i can say that the movie is too good than what we expect.a pacy last ride from the team.fulfill end to the 1 of the most entertaining franchise.go and watch it,classes and masses both will love it...For PAUL...
평점: 9	리뷰: As a F&F fan, I've enjoyed every movie in the franchise excluding F3. But, that movie has an important part and effect to the franchise. And now to the film, It was a full action flick alongside with a tear crying tribute to Paul Walker. From the first race of Leticia to the last scene between O'Connor and Toretto, It was one of the best movie in the franchise. The Core part of the story tells us about good ol' fashioned revenge combined with Speed of NOS and muscle. Deckard Shaw seeks out his kind of style revenge which pulls Toretto and his family into Shaw's world.And so, he combine forces Mr. Nobody to complete a mission for him and in return gets Deckerd Shaw. What happens afterwards, is your's to see. The performance of Vin Diesel and Paul Walker is fantastic. From the Screenplay to their actions, their brother 2 brother relationship was amazing. Michelle Rodriguez played her principal cast perfectly. She had done homework in her fighting and she looks gorgeous as always. Ludicrous and Tyrese Gibson played their respective roles well and their chemistry for humor doesn't cease to amaze at most of the times. Rock and Tony Jaa and other's also played their part to their maximum. But Elsa Pataky wasn't given that much to her role. She was a like a cameo appearance but it wasn't that much necessary to include in the whole movie. The graphics and stunts was nearly mind blowing except that the CGI work done for Paul is notable at some times. But, it wasn't that much drawback for the movie as he played his part well and his brother's completed the work he is done. The franchise might have losen a big cast, but it manages to keep the film to the edge of the seat climax. The tribute given by Vin Diesel for him is absolutely superb. It was very touching when he said,"It's never Goodbye" and when they separate in cross roads, it was really amazing to give such an tribute to Paul Walker.Overall, as the franchise keeps promising its Action and Adrenaline, it manages to keep it together even though they lost Paul Walker. A must see for everyone. Try it in a cinema and your money's value will be nicely spent for a good entertainment.
평점: 8	리뷰: As ridiculous as it's always, James Wan steps in with a lot of surprise without revealing much in the trailers for the Furious fans base, proofing that the risk of franchise fatigue can be excluded as long as the the story keeps moving into new directions. The story succeeds by maintaining perfectly the racing cultures, hilarious fun and unstoppable action sequences from its predecessors, expanding into an explosive scale that audiences might feel that it owns some shades of Mission Impossible and The Dark Knight trilogy. Engagement achieved in this 15-year-old franchise plays an essential factor in delivering unexpected plot, good performance, characters development, cinematography, stunning visual effects, thrilling races and blasting fight; even Brian Tyler puts in an extreme heartfelt effort to bring more stylish, adrenaline-driven, impulsive yet emotional soundtracks. This seventh attempt of speeding appears to be the best entry since Fast 5, with an exception that the beautifully crafted ending may seems perfect as the final film, not only triggering the tears of audiences, but also intentionally a metaphor farewell to beloved Brian O'Conner and an impressive tribute for Paul Walker.
평점: 8	리뷰: Furious 7- This series has never been famous for its intelligent plot ever. Just made for entertainment with cars , action and girls in bikini. But after 4th installment there was a seriousness in the series. They tried to make it better and unique in its own manner and yes they succeeded. Now about Furious 7 , it can be a different movie for each and every person on the fact that what you expect . I am not gonna be emotional to give this one high rating just because it has been made around the tragic event of Paul Walker's death. So lets have a fair judgment , at least whats i think as fair. There can be 3 parameters for judging this movie as what you expect 1.Intellent Plot. 2.High level on action & 3. emotional end to Paul Walker's journey. If you expect number 2 & 3 then this is a movie for you , and you are gonna get overwhelmed by watching this , but for me the 1st point was still the priority where the movie if not failed is just above average . That doesn't mean that i didn't liked the action sequences , i enjoyed them and they are brilliantly choreographed , and so many in numbers that i can't mention them all. But i have some complaints with one on one fights because they were not executed well and to cover that fault our cameraman has shacked it all. As with shacking camera you can hide the faults. For me the best sequence was when one of the female member from team Domnic is transfered from one car to another car both coming from alternative direction. It was really innovative. And yes we also get some high tech hacking kind of stuff too in the movie. Then comes the emotional content. And i am shocked to see such great emotional moments (specially the post climax Farewell message from Diesel to Paul Walker was heart breaking)in the movie which has never been so deep on emotions in its earlier 6 installments . And the biggest credit goes to James Wan the director who is new to this franchise but is a really good director , only one present in Hollywood industry who make more then descent horror movies back to back(for example - Insidious 1&2 and The Conjuring ) . When it comes to acting its all good . The chemistry between all the characters is great as this is the 7th time they are working together. Statham is one of my favourite and watching him as villain is great . Although Dwayne Johnson along with two new entries - Ali Faizal and Tony Jaa are wasted. Nevertheless , its been a really entertaining film . Fast 5 is still my favourite from this series because of the intelligence in the plot and this one comes on the very second spot. 7.7/10. A perfect Farewell for Paul Walker.. by ANuP APu KuMaR
평점: 8	리뷰: Watched Furious 7 it was good seriously I didn't liked fast 6 much.though it was a popcorn but not at all interesting but due to its action it was worth watchable but still forgettable. But in Furious 7 I saw a improvement specially in family feelings and all. I saw a improvement in action but it was very fast paced I mean I can't believe that how 2 hrs were gone I never thought and the one thing I agree is the absence of some characters who were died in previous installments but over all it was a forgettable and a popcorn movie.Warning Spoiler ahead:-Readers it can be a possible spoiler for those who didn't watch it yet the villain of this movie has been not been given a big role as we thought though he had made a obstacles for torreto and his crew but not as much as I expected.And the biggest Spoiler I am talking about is that the villain is not dead yet yes Jason Statham is alive he is not dead yet he is still ready to make difficulties for torreto and his crew and this makes us to think about their next ride I.e. Furious" 8".Yes there is a huge possibility that a sequel is coming as our bad guy is not dead yet.But overall it was a good movie and all but yet forgettable.
평점: 8	리뷰: Paul Walker's last movie, the seventh installment of the hit series of Fast and Furious. In every part, you can find mind blowing stunts and action sequences. Somehow, they are illogical, but, can give entertainment. And that's the reason this series is popular in youngsters basically who love cars, cash and girls! This is the sequel of its last part, though it is connected with Tokyo Drift, too. Jason Stathom becomes the villain in this part. Whenever he enters to the screen, the crowd shouts and give him a roaring welcome every time. Vin Diesel and Paul Walker and their team, are ready to finish Jason and one other villain who is behind the hacker girl. Team has to save the girl and take the revenge of the death of their teammate. This is the storyline, and it is full of action scenes. Director James Wan did a quiet good job. I think this is probably the best part of these series. 15 minutes before interval will blow your mind, and it will be refund of your ticket. The car scene jumping from one to another building in Abu Dhabi is also marvelous. The fight scenes between Vin-Jason and Paul- are just fantastic. It's cool for Ali Fazal to do a small role in this movie. This will help him in more Hollywood projects. Everyone knows that Paul Walker is no more. Some portions has been shoot using his body double, particularly his brother. Though, it is the last ride, in the end, Paul Walker's journey in this series has been displayed. Dialogues of that frame have been written beautifully. Some spectators started clapping in those frames. The film is dedicated to Paul, and that's why, the last line on the screen was "For Paul". Go for it in 3D. It is worthy. You can not dare to miss this as a FF series fan!
평점: 10	리뷰: "This time it ain't just about being fast."James Wan, who is well known for directing horror films (The Conjuring and Saw), took over the seventh film in this franchise replacing Justin Lin who had been sitting on the director's chair since the third installment. What I found most interesting about this franchise is that it didn't seem like it was going anywhere after its solid debut in 2001 since the first couple of sequels focused on different characters and story lines. Even when they got the entire cast back together in 2009 for the fourth film I didn't feel like it was anything special. I'd always mildly enjoyed the films, but it wasn't until Fast Five that I was really engaged with the series. Justin Lin may have not impressed me before, but when that film came out he decided to have fun with the overblown action scenes and audiences embraced it completely. We had the team reuniting together being chased by tanks and planes and pulling off nearly mission impossible tasks. My greatest concern for this film was that Wan wouldn't follow that basic formula that had elevated the franchise in the first place. But in an early scene in the film those fears were soon gone when Wan practically gives the audience a wink by having Brian (Walker) telling his son that "cars don't fly" when he playfully throws a small toy car through the window. We were about to find out that that claim wasn't necessarily true because throughout this film we actually see several cars fly during the spectacular action scenes. By the end of Furious Six the franchise was tied perfectly together by uniting the events that took place in Tokyo during the third film with the present. In the fifth and sixth installments Toretto (Vin Diesel), Brian (Paul Walker), Tej (Ludacirs), and Roman (Tyrese Gibson) had finally found financial stability and cleaned their names to return home. The character of Agent Hobbs (Dwayne Johnson) had helped reinvigorate the franchise and Letty (Michelle Rodriguez) was brought back from the dead (well actually she never really died, but fans of the franchise know what I mean). Mia (Jordan Brewster) and Brian were enjoying their newfound family life, but as we found out in the end of the sixth film, Owen's brother Deckard (Jason Statham) was set on avenging him. Their seemingly peaceful life is interrupted as the team begins to be hunted down by this dangerous British criminal. Loretto is offered the opportunity to flip the papers on Deckard from being hunted to becoming the hunters when a secret government official known as Mr. Nobody (Kurt Russell) offers him a deal. A Somalian mercenary (Djimon Hounsou) has kidnapped a hacker known as Ramsey (Nathalie Emmanuel) who has developed a computer program known as God's Eye that basically allows you to find anyone across the globe in a matter of seconds. If Toretto's team can rescue Ramsey and retrieve God's Eye he will let them use it to track down Deckard and catch him off guard. And so the adventure across the globe begins with flying cars, helicopters and droids exploding across the mountains of the Middle East, the elegant buildings in Abu Dhabi, and the city of Los Angeles. Gisele and Han were part of the reason why I enjoyed the previous films so much so I was worried that their absence in this film would hurt the movie, but the addition of Jason Statham as the main villain of the film elevated this to a higher level. There are great fight scenes between him and Dwayne Johnson and then with Vin Diesel that were incredibly entertaining. These are probably the best action stars of our generation and when the fighting choreography is filmed correctly you can't go wrong with these guys. There are also some fantastic action scenes involving fast car chases across a gorgeous mountain that ends in a Jurassic Park like cliffhanger. The action scenes are overblown, but that is what makes them so entertaining once you learn to accept the absurdity of it all and simply enjoy the ride. Over-the-top action scenes is what elevated this franchise in the first place and Furious 7 continues to play with that same premise taking advantage of Wan's knowledgeable work behind the camera and his use of different camera angles which makes the film look all the more entertaining. The greatest success of Furious 7 is being able to blend the incredibly fun action scenes with the dramatic elements involving the chemistry between the characters. We've grown to love these characters and each new addition always seems to work. Furious 7 takes some common themes from films like Mission Impossible or Ocean's Eleven and applies them really well here. Tyrese Gibson plays a similar character to the one Matt Damon played in Ocean's where he wants to prove his leadership qualities to the rest of the crew. There are elements recycled from other action films, but thanks to the cast it works extremely well in this franchise. And then you have the emotional aspect of this film surrounding Paul Walker's untimely death. You can't help but feel emotionally engaged towards his character knowing that the actor has recently passed away. There are several scenes of his face where the CGI seems evident, but the voice work was perfectly executed. The CGI never distracted me however, and I'm glad they decided to continue with the production of the film. The last five minutes are emotionally engaging and without spoiling the film all I can say is that the crew did him justice with a beautiful tribute. Furious 7 continues to build on an already engrossing franchise and it might just be my second favorite after Fast Five. http://estebueno10.blogspot.com/
평점: 9	리뷰: Fantastic Movie. Nice direction. Paul's action was fabulous. Fans might just love his scenes. Tyrese Gibson looks like a joker in this film. Routine revenge story but its shown in a different way. Jason once again gave his best like a villain. Dialogues are really good. Cars!! The Upgraded ones. Music was just awesome. Last 5mins of the movie before the end credits, the scenes appear like they are dedicated to Paul. Really we miss Paul Walker.Ride out song and Go hard or go home songs are played with end credits.The last song Before end credits shown like Paul and Vin Diesel go for ride is something heart touching,you might feel to cry if you are a Paul Walker Fan.
평점: 2	리뷰: Watched this today at Imax in a full house crowd. Fnf7 takes action to the next level from fnf6, a notch higher. Keeps your adrenaline pumping for more action as the movie goes on. And oh the fight sequences are insane in this one! The action and storyline are fast paced and the cars are meaner, faster & sick! Ronda rousey & Tony jha even though in special appearances, do pack a punch!Paul walker who is missed badly, shows up one last time as brian o conner and lives up to the role once again. The farewell is fitting and tears will fill your eyes. A roller-coaster ride, an action packed feast and an emotional farewall. I give this a 9/10, and RIP paul walker a.k.a brian o conner you are truly a hero and missed by millions :). Signing off - #baddie
평점: 4	리뷰: THE Fast and Furious franchise is back for the seventh time, but without Paul Walker, who died in a car crash (ironic, isn't it?). It was nice of Vin Diesel to name his newborn daughter Pauline in honour of his former friend.The film carries on with the theme of family. It's not every man for himself, but it's every man for this multiracial family.Furious 7, however, is stuck in first gear and never gets going. I felt bored and restless in the first few minutes and hoped that the action scenes would rev me up. However, despite all the hullabaloo happening on screen, I never felt excited or bothered by it.One reason could be that viewers would have seen all the action before. The prerequisite implausible car scene, involving freeing a beautiful hacker, is more than viewers can hope for, but a voice inside them will tell them that science fiction films are more believable than this.Furthermore, the film let the cat out of the bag by showing this scene in its trailer, thereby removing any iota of excitement.Diesel, who's also a producer of the film, is still the glue that holds this motley crew together. His tough-guy persona is wearing thin, as is his ability to take hits from bad guy Deckard (Jason Statham) and the number of times he survives car crashes.His Dominic Toretto is gruff as ever but I didn't empathise with him as much as I did in the sixth film of the franchise.Walker, who died two years ago in speeding-car accident, is gently pushed aside as Brian. Dominic tells Brian that the bravest thing the latter ever did was to be a father to his family. Such a sombre scene requires time for it to sink into viewers, but in the next scene, we see bikini-clad women strutting their stuff in Abu Dhabi.Has anyone noticed that this franchise's preferred way of filming sexy babes is something that I call below-the-butt eyeline?Letty (Michelle Rodriguez) looks hot wearing a red gown and duking it out with another babe.Roman (Tyrese Gibson) cracks jokes and Tej (Ludacris) provides the necessary IT support. They briefly fight over sultry hacker Ramsey (British actress Nathalie Emmanuel) and just when you thought that they'd argue over her brains, Malaysian-born director James Wan lets viewers ogle her in her black bikini at the beach.The film's preposterousness reaches a new level with a sports car flying through three high-rise towers. Even if you had wanted to gawk at its silliness, the film took that away by showing it in its trailer, too.The ending, which takes place in downtown Los Angeles, is the final nail in the coffin for the film. An armed helicopter can wreak havoc with nary a sight of US jet fighters intercepting it. The police, meanwhile, are inept because they can't stop the accidents caused by car chases.By this time, however, I just wanted the film to finish so I could get out of the theatre.1 out of 5 starsabigspark.blogspot.com
평점: 6	리뷰: Fast & Furious 7 feels like an episode of a soap opera that has been on air way too long. Almost all of the fun and excitement that Justin Lin somehow managed to bring to the series with 5 and 6 is gone and instead we get a messy series of very confusing and nauseating action scenes that are so over the top that they wouldn't feel out of place in a comic book movie. Some will like that, I get it. But I miss the times when every movie did not end in a bloated CGI-set piece that goes on for 30 minutes and everything is destroyed. Also the word "nauseating" is very important. During most of the action scenes I had no idea what was happening on screen thanks to the shaking and the editing. James Wan also likes to do this thing where he tilts the camera which I'll admit sometimes looks good (I liked this in The Conjuring) but it DOES NOT work here. I sat pretty front in the theater and whenever the camera tilted like that I felt nauseous. That is not a problem everybody will have but I'd say don't sit very front in the theater. The storyline is extremely confusing and FF7 feels like two movies edited into one. I'm sorta willing to forgive them for it for two reasons. 1) It's clearly because Paul Walker died. 2) It's a Fast & Furious movie. What I won't give a pass on is bad action and Furious 7 is filled with that. Isn't that the big thing about action movies? They should have good action scenes. I also think that the change from Lin to James Wan was a bad call. FF7 looks and sounds like a Fast & Furious movie but Wan just doesn't nail the tone. There are couple exciting parts. Whenever The Rock shows up the movie is suddenly good. It's too bad he's in it for like 10 minutes. Tony Jaa also makes a brief appearance. He sure can fight, too bad whoever was filming and editing those fights did a terrible job. Now I saved the best for last. KURT RUSSELL is in Furious 7. Kurt Russell. Perhaps my favorite actors of all time. He has a very brief role but he looks like he's having lots of fun. He could have totally phoned in that performance, it's a really small role but like The Rock whenever Kurt Russell gets to be Kurt Russell he just lights up the screen. He has one scene that is actually so badass that I actually got chills. Too bad it's like 5 seconds long. So how to fix Fast & Furious 8? Strip it down a lot. No need for all that excessive action. If it were up to me, I would just do a buddy cop movie with Kurt Russell and The Rock.
평점: 8	리뷰: Something is missing in this movie if you compare the earlier parts. Action in this movie is outstanding no doubt in that direction is also good but i don't know there is something missing in this movie may be due to long cast and you get confused which one you like most or you see again and again which you were notice in after "Expendables 1".Story is also i feel very predictable not that kind of surprising. The real x factor of F&F was missing in this movie. I must say movie can get a good business but if seen earlier part of this series you feel the difference. As a viewer we expected a lot from this cast but this time just above average.
평점: 8	리뷰: Fast and Furious series has two sides that needs to be discussed, technicality and entertainment. While the former parts of the series were typical, fast and furious is growing to be a well developed and appreciated action sequence in forthcoming installments.Entertainment is the gripping part, its eventful, fast and holding, full of actions, stunts and drama. Just like its previous part, this part has put efforts in showing out new stunts, not to forget the loss suffered at Abu Dabi. It's about cars, speed, guns and bullets, bombs and missiles and a lot of bang-bang! A lot of effort is put on filming locations which were splendid. A realistic feeling is given where the sound of cars vanish when the camera is shooting from height and then we come back closer with vroom-vroom in its action, goes back again coming back to the cars. Although the things to be praised are limited, yet the movie serves you two hours of motion. Dialogues and attitude are same as previous ones, the official good bye to Paul Walker could have been better.Technically we know what this film is but even then the characters were not exposed that equally and properly-fitting which was much more better in the last movie. Rodriguez was undeveloped, Statham did good, Rock was under-used, in all there was absence of the connection of viewer with the characters in all.
평점: 7	리뷰: Greetings from Lithuania."Furious 7" (2015) is not the best in the series, although entertaining flick. If you like this series, you will definitely like "Furious 7". It's has over the top action scenes, nice but nothing fresh plot, cool actions scenes - everything you can expect from the series.There are problems with this movie nevertheless. With each installment, the action scenes becomes more and more unrealistic. You have to turn your disbelief meter off to enjoy this flick even as an action popcorn flick. The outcome of each action scene is sooo over the top, so unrealistic that i simply tough "Oh come on"! after each of them. I know this is an action flick and i know that this is a popcorn flick, but ... really? From many many near dead scenes our heroes witnesses, one with a driving off a mountain when surrounded by a bad guys in this movie stands from a crowd. I mean - really??? You can simply do THAT and WALK from a car with NO bruises??? As usual, there are hand to hand combat scenes and as usual - no one bleeds! Because this is a PG-13 movie.The villain was not bad at all here - Jason Statham, probably the most menacing villain this series have had yet. The opening scene with him was cool, although rushed with bad music and to quick cuts. But i didn't like the outcome of his.Overall, if you like this stuff, you will like "Furious 7". It's slightly better then the 6th part, but no match to a "Fast 5", which is still i think ranks as the best in the series. There is also a nice last farewell scene to a late Paul Walker - really nicely done here and has more meaning to a real life than a movie.
평점: 2	리뷰: Fast & Furious 7 (aka Furious 7) is every bit as fast and furious as some of the franchise's previous installments, if not more. Fast & Furious 7 showcases adrenaline pumping action from start to finish with Vin Diesel once again leading the juggernaut as the macho anti-hero Dominic Toretto. From LA to Tokyo to Azerbaijan to Abu Dhabi, the movie is high octane and absolute carnage and it features some of the coolest heart-stopping fight as well as chase sequences seen in recent times.If you are excited by fast cars, hot chicks, badass dudes, and exotic locations then Fast & Furious 7 would certainly impress you. Like with most action movies, the plot is secondary and what happens is of little consequence vis-a-vis how it happens. While the heroes are larger than life and the villains don't get any meaner than this. Jason Statham is a great addition to the franchise and his presence as the story's antagonist immensely adds to the thrill and excitement.In Fast & Furious 7, Paul Walker is quite impressive in sadly what is his last screen appearance. He will certainly be missed. Michelle Rodriguez is kickass as ever as Toretto's love interest Letty; the chemistry between Rodriguez and Diesel is electrifying. In one of the movie's most scintillating fighting sequences, Rodriguez battles the American mixed martial artist and judoka Ronda Rousey. The raw intensity of the entire scene (given that Rodriguez herself is a trained boxer) makes it absolutely breathtaking to behold.Although, he gets less screen time than usual, Dwayne "The Rock" Johnson makes his presence felt in Fast & Furious 7 (all thanks to his hulky physique and great comic timing). Another actor who deserves a special mention is Kurt Russell who is easily the movie's biggest surprise package and an absolute treat to watch. It's a role that can be seen as a tribute to some of Russell's memorable performances in the Action flicks of the '80s, particularly the movies directed by John Carpenter. The supporting cast is solid as ever.While the action can be nonsensical at times, it is great fun to see men fight like machines, and at the end of the day we can't really complain. Can we? Well, who can nitpick at the sight of a sports car jumping from one skyscraper to another? Who can be bored by the sight of a half-a-dozen cars getting jettisoned from an airplane? Who can be turned off by the sight of two alpha males beating the hell out of each other in a street fight of sorts? The bottom line is that Fast & Furious 7 is supposed to be an Action feast and action is what it exactly delivers. It is a very strong contender to be adjudicated as the best film of the franchise, thus far. Fortunately, the action never gets to the point of being obnoxious like so often the case with the films from the Transformer series. Fast & Furious 7 is the perfect Summer Blockbuster from Hollywood; the movie has set the benchmark for the upcoming Action films this summer. The movie's greatest USP is that it is exactly what it is supposed to be, no less or no more.(This review was first published in my film blog A Potpourri of Vestiges)
평점: 9	리뷰: The most recent production of the Fast and the Furious franchise does not bring anything new compared to its predecessors. The moments of action are equally interesting, intense, furious and fast as in other movies. And so are the characters. As for the story, it doesn't really matter in this film. Seems like it would be there just to provide a decent separation of Paul Walker. And it manages to do so. He gets exactly what he deserves. The Director uses some interesting techniques. It is obvious that he has been inspired by the many successful films of the genre action-thriller for the production of this film and he tries to emulate them in a discreet manner. There are some memorable moments in this film. For example I will never forget the skydiving cars. But there are some moments that are not plausible at all, for example, a man who has no scratches after he falls with his car in a gap of at least 500 meters. And this is not the only scene full of mistakes. There are many similar moments that make the film look as if it had a budget of $ 1 million, instead of $ 250 million. It is easily seen that the Furious 7 is directed by an amateur. Too much money from the budget have been allocated to the actors and too few for the filmmaker. In conclusion, this film successfully manages to bring quality action to the big screen, but overall it is a mediocre film that does nothing original to the film industry.
평점: 8	리뷰: For everyone riding on huge expectations for another mind blowing fast and furious sequel are in for a bit of a disappointment. While some off beat car chases and spectacular camera works around stunts will have you digging into your skin, no doubt, you will feel something missing.James Wan and crew have clearly expressed the loss of their closest member over the course of the movie. Starting with the head on car collisions and the numerous one liners about family to the good five minute tribute that goes out to Paul in the end.You will be reminded of the pain of never being able to see him on screen again. He was spectacular as ever and I have only the best of adjectives to describe how well suited he was for the role and no doubt, more sequels are on the way for the Dominic, Letty and crew but no one can ever reprise the role of Brian O Connor which is why it is justly shown that he retires from all the high octane action to taking care of his family with Mia.There are, of course some of those jaw dropping scenes sprinkled generously in the trailers which will not leave you feeling completely disappointed. James Wan signature rolling the camera along the motion is worthy of mention, what better way to watch Statham and the Rock throwing those punches.But really, your disappointment will quickly be replaced by an emotional melancholy feeling, and it is only fitting.His words to Toretto "Did you really think I would leave without saying goodbye" will get to you more than you think it will.Do not miss this one.
평점: 4	리뷰: I've seen it today and I was blown away. It's truly action packed, filled with exotic and muscle cars, fight scenes etc. CGI of Paul was really good, which amazed me, since I feared it would look more like Terminator Salvation Arnold.Furious 7 is a movie worth watching because of excellent action scenes, great acting, good story and a lot of cameos for all the franchise fans. Even though I have to admit that quite a lot of action sequences seem unreal and crazy, you have to remember that this is fiction and a movie after all.There are also a few funny scenes and most of all a very nice send-off and tribute to Paul. The final scene brought tears to my eyes, which is a hard thing to do.R.I.P. Paul Walker, gonna miss you bro
평점: 8	리뷰: You definitely should go watch this movie in the cinema!!!I can safely say that this was the funniest movie that I have watched in a past couple of years. And when I am talking about humor, I do not mean all the lame cliché "so called jokes" by Luda and Tyrese; it is the overall movie that made all the audience cinema laugh for two hours. The reason why Bollywood has crazy action scenes is because they can not afford CGI and other equipment; however, this movie is a whole new level. Part 6 had some really crazy things happening with flying cars and 100 km runways... I have no idea what the writers and the director were smoking when they created this.... Don't get me wrong, the action scenes were intense and extremely captivating; it is just they were even more ludicrous than Fast 6. In this movie every character had some type of superpower; it felt like watching X men racing in fast explosive cars.The only reason why this movie is not a 1 is because Jason Statham is an ultimate bad-ass who played his part very well.Get ready to burst from laughing, because no matter what I type here, it will not prepare you for what you are about to witness.
평점: 7	리뷰: "Furious 7" is the latest in "The Fast and The Furious" Franchise, whose production was halted due to the tragic death of Paul Walker, who played the co-lead, character of "Brian O'Conner" in the series, along with Vin Diesel's "Dominic Toretto". Reportedly less than half of Walker's scenes had been completed at the time of his passing. Through digital magic, Walker's two brothers, who closely resemble him, stepping in for him at points in the film, and re-writes, production then resumed, and now the film, Walker's last – is out. I hadn't seen one of movies at the time of I heard of Walker's passing. I watched all the previous shortly thereafter. While there are flaws, some cheesy Dialogue at times, etc., the movie to me are just guilty pleasures, simply meant for fun – And I really like or love each one. "Furious 7" is no different. Car chases,fight scenes, laugh out loud moments from Tyrese Gibson as "Roman" in particular, the theme of family, and Kurt Russell's "Mr. Nobody" is a great addition. Yes, there are some unbelievable moments, but it's fun, and you don't care. Without spoiling it - The exit for Walker's character is handled with class as reported. Will there be more? There is one aspect that is left open-ended, and the plan was for 10. I predict there will an 8th, or they will spin-off Dwayne "The Rock" Johnson's character of "Hobbs", as has been a past rumored, and pick up that story line that was left open in that film. For this movie, a wonderful legacy for Paul Walker, May he rest in Peace – 3 ¼ out of 4 Stars – 8 1/4 out of 10 Stars.
평점: 6	리뷰: This is one of the better movies in the Franchise. To me, it was more emotional than any of the other Fast and Furious movies because this is the last time we will ever see Paul Walker on the big screen. But to me, it was also a really cool and slick movie. The action was awesome, the explosions were timed well. It had a surprising amount of heart, and the characters were built up just enough to make a ridiculous ending seem not so ridiculous. It wasn't a prestigious film with incredible performances, but Vin Diesel and Jason Statham do a good job with their roles. If your looking for something to entertain and thrill, this is the movie for you. It's got cool cars, lots of muscle, and just enough sentiment to keep it human. I say give it a shot.
평점: 10	리뷰: One of the most awaiting movie and the last ride of the most lovable series has arrived.Direction is good.Story and screenplay somewhat not so good.Background score is superb.Editing is also good.Paul Walker gave the last performance and its worth watching.No one can replace him in the role of Brian.We all love Vin Diesel as Dominic Torreto no matter which part it is.Michelle Rodriguez as Letty is good especially in action scenes.Jordana Brewster as Mia is good and she has kind of special appearance role.Tyrese as Roman is damn good in mostly every scenes especially when he complain about being a leader this time.Dwayne Johnson as Hobbs is superb in every sequences.Ludicrous as Tej as usual brilliant.Nathalie Emmanuel as Ramsey is good.And now finally Jason Statham as Deckard Shaw a man who makes the movie worth watching.He is totally impressive in all scenes.A perfect farewell for this series and a perfect tribute to Paul Walker(Last 5 min).Action sequences are awesome.Overall,no matter what you love this series or not just go for this.Highly Recommended 👌 👌
평점: 10	리뷰: The Fast Furious franchise has come a far way, and this particular movie is far the best one. It is packed full of action, comedy and amazing cars. I would definitely recommend this for anyone who loves fast furious. The movie follows Tokyo Drift so it would be a good idea to watch all the movies again before watching this one. The ending is great and overall i think the director and the actors have done a great job!! Tyrese Gibson is one heck of a funny actor, Vin Diesel has done a great job in his role, So has Jordana Brester, Dwayne Johnson, Ludicrous and Jason Statham in his great role as the antagonist in the film. Tje plot of the story is great. I was hoping for another movie of ff8 but however i think it was appropriate for the team to stop here as it would be quite disrespectful to make another one without Paul Walker.
평점: 10	리뷰: Continuing the global exploits in the unstoppable franchise built on speed, Vin Diesel, Paul Walker and Dwayne Johnson lead the returning cast of Fast & Furious 7. James Wan directs this chapter of the hugely successful series that also welcomes back favorites Michelle Rodriguez, Jordana Brewster, Tyrese Gibson, Chris "Ludacris" Bridges, Elsa Pataky and Lucas Black. They are joined by international action stars new to the franchise including Jason Statham, Djimon Hounsou, Tony Jaa, Ronda Rousey and Kurt Russell.After defeating Owen Shaw and his crew, Dominic Toretto (Vin Diesel), Brian O'Conner (Paul Walker) and the rest of the crew are able to return to the United States and live normal lives again as they had wanted. However, Owen's older brother, Deckard Shaw (Jason Statham), is after Dom and his crew, seeking revenge for his brother's death and putting the entire crew in danger once more. After learning of Han's death, the crew sets out to find the man who killed one of their own, before he finds them first.....
평점: 7	리뷰: There I was, 10:15 IST on a Thursday morning, lucky enough to watch the Furious 7 before the whole world got a chance to do so. Was it worth it???, HELL YA!!!! it was...With the 'A' team together, holding patents for all impossible, improbable n outrageous stunts, what more the fans can ask for? Paul Walker received a thunder bolt of a response when he first appeared, driving a damn regular SUV.Dom the alpha, was at his usual best, kicking hard ass for family. Rock did not have much screen time but when he was on screen, it was high octane all the way.. Jason plays a typical British black ops shadow man and was certainly an asset to the series.The action sequences induce goose bumps and they have given enough of that in this movie. To top it off, a heart warming retirement for Paul receives a standing ovation at the end. Furious 7, a Definite front runner for being the fan favourite in the franchise.RIP Paul......
평점: 10	리뷰: The Fast and Furious franchise has been a box office juggernaut, with the last three installments taking in a collective total of $1.7 billion at the worldwide box office. The latest volume, Furious 7, would likely have eclipsed the success of its predecessors to begin with, but the tragic death of series star Paul Walker in the midst of filming has cast an even bigger spotlight on the film.Production on Furious 7 was halted for several months after Walker's death in November 2013, and when filming finally resumed, it was with an altered script that promised to pay tribute to the late actor - his brothers even served as body doubles in order to allow his scenes to be completed. The result is a touching and poignant memorial that closes the door on Walker's character and his story without feeling like the subject is being forced.But before we get to those tearful goodbyes, Dom Toretto (Vin Diesel) and his crew must contend with Deckard Shaw (Jason Statham), who happens to be an even bigger and more menacing threat than his younger brother Owen Shaw (Luke Evans), the villain from the previous film. Big brother Deckard doesn't take too kindly to his sibling's fate, and after murdering Han in Tokyo and breaking into the DSS office to take down Luke Hobbs (Dwayne "The Rock" Johnson), he sets his sights on Dom.What follows is essentially an extended game of cat and mouse, with Dom and his crew trying (and often failing) to remain one step ahead of Shaw. There's also a convoluted plot that involves the gang working for a shadowy government agent (Kurt Russell) in order to get information on Shaw's whereabouts - which is really just an excuse the filmmakers needed to have team to hop from one exotic location to another.Most of the cast returns here, including Tyrese Gibson, Chris "Ludacris" Bridges, and Michelle Rodriguez - all of whom are given an opportunity to shine during the film's many action sequences. If you've seen any of the marketing materials for Furious 7, then you've already gotten a glimpse of the biggest moments, but there are definitely some surprises left, including an insane chase during the third act that's almost as crazy as the bank vault heist from Fast Five.The needlessly complicated plot - which also introduces a hacker who creates a program to tap into the global communications network and a militant leader (Djimon Hounsou) trying to steal the program for himself - is definitely the film's biggest weakness. We're constantly left to question why Dom and his team would ever find themselves involved in this mess, and there are so many threads to tie up that the running time feels about 15 minutes too long.But let's be fair: the Fast and Furious franchise has always been about exotic cars, insane stunts, and gorgeous women, and it delivers those things in heaping doses. But closing the chapter on Walker's character also lends a bit of extra weight to the proceedings, and longtime fans of the series may find themselves reaching for a Kleenex during the film's final moments. There's little doubt that audiences will be pouring into theaters this weekend to say goodbye to Walker, and they should find themselves coming away from the experience with a sense of closure and satisfaction.
평점: 8	리뷰: Well... well.. well..... Let's see Everyone knows how traumatic it was to lose an actor and a person like Paul Walker. Specially for the Fast & Furious team. It cannot be described in words or any other means. However the way this film has paid a tribute to him is something which every actor wants living or dead. Movie is simply awesome and there is no question about it. The reason simply being it was not complete when Paul was taken away from us and the story writer and director must have been in terrible agony then. But the way everything has been put together not a single soul can believe what they just saw after watching this movie. However I was reading comments and reviews from other users and I find it sad to see that people don't give importance to little but important things in a movie. For instance I was shocked to see Tony Jaa in this movie. There is a full on action sequence where he is literally making an Ong Bak 4 out of this movie but people didn't find time to write about him. I think he was simply awesome. The best thing about this movie is Jason who is simply a Pit Bull from UK, a live time bomb, the transporter who can transport you to hell in no time and a very dangerous Killer elite in one... So my recommendation to people would be, pay a tribute to Paul, go and watch this movie.... For Paul
평점: 9	리뷰: Furious 7 is a legitimate powerhouse of action movie, there are abundance of crazy stunts and breathtaking choreography it may very well be Mission Impossible. The stars are already well known for the series, acting becomes easier to them since they naturally personify the characters. Add Jason Statham, and real martial artists Tony Jaa and Ronda Rousey, this is an ambitious line-up geared for heavy dose of adrenaline rush. Above all the hectic action and set pieces, its genuine heartfelt homage to Paul Walker is arguably the best bit.After the event of previous title, the crew is being hunted by Deckard Shaw (Jason Statham) for the persistent purpose of revenge. They are ultimately embroiled in espionage mission in attempt to locate a surveillance device that can pinpoint Shaw's location and collect resource to take him down. The story takes them through the city streets, mountain paths and even skyscrapers. Needless to say this is the biggest title in the series.The film throws action scenes one another with reckless abandon. There haven't been many hybrids of vehicular mayhem, shooting spree and fisticuff carnage this magnitude in recent years. James Wan creates the view of these sequences with poise. The camera work is made to appreciate its chaotic action, either it's CGI made or real collision of metal and flesh. Choreography is rough and incredibly quick, although a couple of the scenes have confusing rotating shots. Tony Jaa and Ronda Rousey deliver knees and punches to the mainstream audience.Characters should be familiar for the fans of the series, the actors have become so comfortable with their roles that it gives them an advantage for the acting. There are a few narrative flaws, script can be thin and predictable. However, when Vin Diesel gives the family speech, perhaps because they have spent so much time together in real life, I believe it. There's authentic feeling beyond on-screen characters here.It's not often that a film can convey profound feeling to audience. Furious 7 gives its tribute to Paul Walker in an elegant manner. It's a prove that you don't need to be an Academy Award winner to move audience, you just have to deliver a sincere humble message. Furious 7 may have a few plot speed bumps, but with explosive entertainment value it accelerates well into the finish line.
평점: 10	리뷰: So I saw this film yesterday, and it has to be one of the best Fast films in the franchise. The combination of super-cars and stunts make this film put you on the edge of your seat. The added fight scenes (as expected in the Fast franchise) add essence to the story.Also what made this film especially great was the dedication to the late Paul Walker. He would have been proud of this film.As with every Fast film in the franchise, the sequel predominantly is out done from its predecessor, and the brilliance of Fast 7 has shown that. The soundtrack is just as great, the greatest track being Get Low by DJ Snake and Dillon Francis. Just like Fast and Furious 5 and the memorable Danza Kuduro, Get Low will be a memorable dance track for the Fast fans.All in all, a succinct story-line with gripping action scenes and awesome cars, as always!!!
평점: 3	리뷰: I am a fan of this saga from the first movie and it was so sad when Paul Walker past away.So i wanted to see this movie so much.And it didn't disappoint.Furious 7 is has mind blowing action,it is actually very funny and the fist fights are the most brutal and realistic from this series. Jason Stathan as a bad guy is excellent. Vin Diesel again leads the crew but this time there is more space for Paul.He was amazing in this movie.And everything about this movie is just mind blowing. Definitely go check this it's definitely worth seeing and if you don't going to see this you are going to miss one hell of amazing movie. Paul Walker is the best. 10/10
평점: 8	리뷰: Whole movie you can't understand why they are doing all that.They jump over there car over the cliff without even breaking a bone,they just move their shoulder and ready to fight again.Vin and his team can fight whole army but not a single guy.They burn half the city down(in reality if it have been done it surely going to kill millions of people) just to save their team.They found gun just like vice city(ending sequence by rock).Action sequence is good but bad storyline up wasted all of it. Rock role is limit to first 15 and last 15 minutes.Jason role is also brief but regular interval of his appearance is the only thing that kept you on the sheet.average acting of vin and rest of the crew including paul walker.Brick mansion is more more interesting than this movie of paul walker.A full thumbs down
평점: 8	리뷰: If you consider this 3 parts (Fast 5.6.7) as trilogy with keeping other parts far away this is one of the best cause in the first (Fast 5) story was awesome. In second one casting and star performances were awesome and in this very recent one, action is the best you see in whole series ... This movie gives average screen time with Paul but gives his work a fine and beautiful tribute ... The story lakes the magic which we can see in Fast 5 and Fast 6 but if you're Fast and Furious fan it'd not be big thing cause the stunts and actions on this title is the best in the franchise yet ... The hero side is strong and well performed as before Vin, Paul, Rock is a cool trio hero side without a doubt but villain was bit weak, Jason did his job at best but the character itself was not good enough, and was not as good as Fast 6 .... The actions and sequences are really well performed as it is shown in trailer. And they have put some comedies on and gonna see hot chicks in bikinis so will be fun. But I think they have disappointedly give less importance to Paul until the end. And end was not as my expectation but still it was very beautiful and heart touching .... By all means, Cast - 8/10, Story - 6/10, Stunts - 10/10 .... so again if you are fan, go for it ....
평점: 2	리뷰: Furious 7 is a great addition to the Fast and the Furious series! It has all the great action and humor from the previous movies, but also has more character development and heart. The movie of course has its over the top scenes and cheesy dialog, but that is easily forgotten with the amount of fun you have with this movie. The cinematography is also much better in this movie, thanks to the new director James Wan. James wan gives you all the great moments from the last movies, but steps it up. The movie also handles Paul Walkers death in great way. He also has a tribute at the end of the movie. Furious 7 is an amazing time at the cinemas!
평점: 7	리뷰: If you don't like to think at all while you watch a movie, this movie is for you. Their stuns and most of the action makes no sense, unless this movie is SF, and they have super powers.It also makes no sense how they shoot with so many bullets that don't get to the target even if if so close! It's also pretty lame how they make the bad guys so stupid (they shoot with 'canons' using bullets, but they don't have a grenade or something to blow the cars that follow them?! really now.And many stupid things, like simply 'holding' on to the windscreen while the car was in move, staying on your feet in a fast moving car with rough terrain? jumping from a car to another while moving? Cars jumping directly on a drone? Falling with the car so many times, getting hit badly, but never getting hurt?Their lines are also so low, with no sense of humor or intelligence.And you rate this movie for it's final scene, you give this movie a high rating because of Paul Walker? you should rate the movie, not the tragedy...
평점: 9	리뷰: I won't say that Fast & Furious 7 was the best film out of the franchise;however, I will say that it sure was the second movie out of the franchise to have some of the most unbelievable action scenes in it! The crew finds themselves back together after being hunted by the brother,Deckard Shaw, of their last victim (You know ... the guy...the villain from Fast & Furious 6). In Dom's pursuit to track down Mr. Shaw, he and the team are recruited by a government agent to find a hacker, and in return, the agent will give them Mr. Shaw's whereabouts. And that's when the fun begins. To capture the hacker, the crew has to plan a rescue mission that involves landing in a tight spot. How do they do it? Well, know that it involves cars and planes! But, as we know that doesn't mean that the action is over. The crew then has to make a trip to the Middle East finding themselves in Dubai and in the company of one of the wealthiest princes who has something that they want. I actually thought that this scene in the movie was the best; I found the action scene to be very enjoyable. Uh...airborne cars are cool! Eventually the crew lands back in the USA, and they get a minute to cool down. In this brief moment, one is reminded of Paul Walker's absence in real life. And although, he, Brian, Paul Walker's character escapes three near death experiences prior to his upcoming phone conversation with Mia, it is dialogue that he has with her that is truly heartfelt between their characters. After their cool down moment, the action is back on! And when I say, "back on" it is ridiculously over-the-top back on! More airborne cars, explosions, bullets, machine guns, and on the edge of your set WTF! moments! When all is said and done, the crew defeat who they should (at times I felt like I was watching a different installment of the Avengers). They share their last scene on the beach and Dom says goodbye to Brian and Paul Walker. One can see Paul Walker's brother standing in for him in the scene. It is a befitting farewell to Paul Walker and hopefully to the franchise. Good movie!
평점: 5	리뷰: Action packed, heart breaking, and worth every penny. I left the IMAX theater last night satisfied that if they never made another F&F movie I would be content with how this one "wrapped up" the franchise. It brings all of the movies together. Everyone always wonders why Tokyo Drift felt "out of place" (we have to remember the franchise storyline is out of "sequence"), well you don't have to worry anymore. This one will wrap it all up in a tiny little bow for you as you cry your eyes out over changes to the "family". Statham was a wonderful addition as the villain. The fight sequences and stunts seemed a little far fetched at times, but well worth it in the end. I didn't find as much comedic content in this one as the last, but what few bits were thrown in to make us laugh were good. I did, however, feel anxious throughout the entire movie because I was not sure how they would deal with what was left of Paul's character/story after his untimely death. I can say, that I was pleasantly surprised that nothing was taken out after this happened, fortunately, he was nearly finished filming his scenes when it happened. His brothers stepped in like champions. It was very subtle, but you could tell the scenes when one of Paul's brothers were standing in. Even though they both look a lot like him, it felt off. The scene chemistry felt different and the camera angles/shots were definitely different. Little things covering their faces or being on the edge of the shot instead of the middle near Dominic. Overall, I was satisfied walking out of the theater. If they decide to not make another, and end the franchise with this fantastic tribute to Paul, I am content with that. It felt like closure when leaving the theater. It felt like we weren't left hanging for something else to happen. It felt right.
평점: 6	리뷰: to sum it up in few words i must say this latest installment in the franchise is a mash up and mixture of James Bond 007,mission impossible series and pretty much all those films that Michael Bay directed we have seen over the years is equal to furious 7.why here are some of the reasons since 2001 the first installment came things changed in films if you go back and look at Rob Cohen's original you will find a balance later on directors changed and Justin Lin took over the franchise which was a good thing but the tone started to change it changed from the racing and heist element to the sake of action and new villains were introduced in each next chapter but they at least they tried there best at being stuck to some realism while this 7th film tried to included everything & ended up ruining itself.the cast:new members are added here Paul Walker passed away in 2013 in midway filming this was his last film but he looks great here doing action but his character cant do much here,Vin Diesel looked bored here seriously he should make the triple x sequel these films are enough now,the rock role is chopped off he gets beat up so bad and only appear in the climax blowing everything up he stole the whole drone & helicopter scene but the biggest highlights are Kurt Russell,Nathalie Emmanuel & finally my favorite Jason Statham he is so bad-ass here i thought i was watching a transporter sequel but sadly he is not used well he is not the main villain here,Elsa Patkay is here too but in a changed hairstyle but what i hated the most was role for Tony Jaa he gets wasted here this guy is a icon.The Plot:Deckard Shaw is after Dom and his family because they let his brother Owen Shaw left for dead just as Dom is about to deal with Shaw he gets in between a war with Somalian terrorists and government agents.for those who don't know Han died at end of Tokyo Drift 2006 and the events of fast and furious 2009,fast five 2011 & furious 6 2013 happened before that this begins right some time after Tokyo drift story Tokyo drift is my personal favorite film most underrated in franchise.let me be clear on one thing i did like the action here but at many times they were over the top critics will love it for sure but when same thing John Woo does it these hypocrites hate it i mean the Dubai building to building car stunt is insane it looks epic but hello guys not even Daniel Craig do this type of action as 007 the shaky camera wont bother as there is plenty of dialog and chemistry of actors with each other is enjoyable the scrip is to be blamed here seriously all these elements like technology and those comic book type stunts were not necessary if they had kept it little simple just like the first film in 2001 it would have been much better.the crowd was enjoying it no doubt but the guys need to be careful in future the edited needs to be tighter so the narrative wont go loose cannon the micro chip plot was not required at all Jason Statham's character is ignored here on purpose furious 7 tried hard to go back to the roots but what can anybody do these guys added too many stories in one film this is not avengers or batman please.this films is for adrenaline junkie fans only universal should remove James wan and bring some other director next time otherwise the fast and the furious series are done for.Overall Furious 7 2015 is a half good half bad film just don't expect a masterpiece that's all i have to say enjoy it for what it is my rating is 5/10:Recommended
평점: 9	리뷰: I think a lot of the reviewers are giving this movie high scores because of the whole 'it was Paul Walker's last' thing. The tribute to him was, in my view, perfect and I think it was executed really well. Full marks on that. But let's be real about the actual movie. You have to suspend belief from 5 minutes and keep it suspended until the tribute starts. These movies have always had a level of bang and stunts that was unrealistic, and there is A LOT of that in this movie, but even the plot itself is ridiculous. How many innocent third parties are allowed to be killed and or have their property damage so a bunch of street racers can try to settle a score with a guy so highly trained, a TEAM of special forces guys couldn't take him down after the government decided he was more of a liability than an asset (so we are told). Seems like a legit premise...If you are after a bit of fun and action then this movie is just fine. I didn't not enjoy it. But the plot is so ridiculously unrealistic that for me, it made for a disappointing end to the franchise. As I said in the title, the beautiful Paul Walker tribute can't undo the silly of this movie. I think I will just cut Tokyo Drift out of my collection so I can pretend Han never died and movie 7 never needed to happen.
평점: 4	리뷰: Furious 7 is latest movie in the fast and furious series. Furious 7 takes place after fast 3(Tokyo drift), Deckard Shaw is going after the team for revenge of his brother. There is another subplot that's important but overall it's about Deckard Shaw going out for revenge. First off, you can't believe anything that happens in this. Everything they do makes them seem like superheroes. The action is so over the top but it is still so fun to watch. There's also lots of one liners, that Are funny.The cast is great, there are so many people this time like Jason Statham, Kurt Russell, Ronda Rousey and lots more. They all have small parts but it's great seeing them in this series. Now the "team" is also great. Tyrese Gibson is funny as always. The Rock is in the movie for a little but I wish he had a bigger role in it. Now Paul Walker, it is very sad what happen to him and I feel like the cast and crew of furious 7 did an Amazing job of saying goodbye to Him. He was a great person in and out of movies. Overall furious 7 had lots of crazy and fun moments but had an amazing tribute to Paul. Go and support this movie.
평점: 4	리뷰: This movie was over-hyped with the pre-release death of Paul Walker and that's it. It is long and that should be warning enough if you plan to watch this in a theater and not end up enjoying it. Jason Statham just drops in as big brother out for revenge and in my opinion a big let down for big fans of his like me. He just pops up in every single plan devised by Vin Diesel's crew which is actually a bit too much. There could have been a bit of character building for him but unfortunately it ain't there. No story here but then that would be expected of such a movie. If they plan to kill the franchise with this one, I think they have succeeded. The "family sticks together" and " all I have got is family" dialogs are re-used and someone in the dialog dept needs to come up with some fresh ones. Action scenes do not look realistic and they are over blown to the limits.If you are going to watch it for the cars, even that is a big let down. Save your money and watch it on DVD or cable cos that's all this movie is worth. And I believe Universal should stop with this sequel completely. 4 stars just for the action scenes which you could watch in the trailer itself ..!!!
평점: 8	리뷰: An air of impending alarm hangs over 'Furious 7′. Every time the late Paul Walker is on screen, you wonder if this was the last scene he shot, and even the cruelty of watching it now given the circumstances of his death. Paul Walker, the non-bald, non-bicep-flexing hero of this franchise, died in a car crash midway through shooting. The film later used previous footage, body doubles (including Walker's brothers) and some tech wizardry to complete his scenes. It's a smooth exercise, ensuring that the actor with the unquestionable charm is a constant presence. However, while this may be enough to get Paul Walker and F&F fans to 'Furious 7′, even the die-hard ones will be hard pressed to find anything new in its chases, crashes and collisions. Except that cars don't just frequently drive off cliffs and other such heights, they also airdrop down to Caucasus mountains, and race off one tower at Abu Dhabi to land inside another, and then another. The last is a quizzical choice, given that some may see traces of 9/11 in the episode. But chances are — and new director James Wan (The Conjuring) and old scriptwriter Chris Morgan realize this — the audiences of 'Furious 7′ are not the discerning type. Otherwise, Azerbaijan's mountain mayhem and the United Arab Emirates's penthouse pandemonium may not pass muster with nary a diplomatic row. Abu Dhabi is a case in point, whose prince has his party gatecrashed into, his house wrecked, his women bodyguards (from reading too many Muammar Gaddafi stories) beaten up, and his car totalled, before Dom (Diesel) and his crew simply walk away and fly out. Wan does keep the wheels turning though, relentlessly. So what starts with Deckard Shaw — Statham, returning after a cameo long back in the franchise — seeking revenge against Dom and his men, becomes a world-war domination story involving black ops, special operation groups, and a bad guy with an all-leather attire (Hounsou). At stake is a software, 'God's Eye', developed by a hacker (Emmanuel), which can trace anyone, anywhere in a jiffy. "If we had it, we would have traced Osama in a couple of hours," says one of those government types with no names played by Russell. When everyone wants it, there is only one person they can think of, which is how Dom and his men, and the still amnesia-stricken Letty (Rodriguez), come in. Brian (Paul Walker), who continues to struggle with domesticity against his "love of the bullets", is easily persuaded to join them. Yes, family again hangs around all the time in continued
평점: 10	리뷰: The latest instalment of the fast & Furious franchise dedicated to late Paul Walker opened this bank holiday weekend, and although I didn't know what to expect before it started, I Left feeling satisfied and slightly emotional at what was another enjoyable and action packed ride. Although different to the previous instalments, 'Furious 7' still delivered with bigger and crazier stunts than what we have ever seen before. I have been a fan of the franchise since early days and since Paul Walker passed away I have been longing to see this instalment, and it did nothing but blow me away from the outset. From the brilliant fights to crazy car chases, this film put you on the edge of your seat feeling like part of the action. Once again the family behind fast & furious have done another outstanding job. Finally it was a fitting and emotional send off for Paul, and an amazing tribute to the legend that graced our screens and he will live on in his fans hearts forever. This films is a must see and won't leave you feeling disappointed and worth a watch for Paul walkers last ride.
평점: 6	리뷰: This being the "one last ride" of the Fast and Furious series, I am quite impresses with the movie. Also, this is a good watch for the weekend and they team performs quite amazingly especially the effects in Abu Dhabi. Also, I am impressed with Paul's brother's scenes which filled out the spaces left by Paul Walker after his death. Also, the team's motto of "Family" is seen quite evidently from the movie and Letty recalls her past in the end of the movie when she finds Dom dying. The drone fight scenes are quite good visually. Thus, I recommend this for both F&F fans as well as causal movie goers and guarantee that this will make a good weekend watch.
평점: 9	리뷰: The FF series has been steadily getting more and more ridiculous since 2009's "Fast & Furious", and steadily better as well; its combination of impossible stunts, emotional moments and automotive underpinnings have kept things going nicely. These aren't films that are meant to be realistic or moving - they're simply the best for big screen entertainment that knows its boundaries (unlike many other films) and never fails to enjoy. Naturally, therefore, it seemed that the final instalment - for now, that is - would follow this pattern.And, thank goodness, it did. The basic story is essentially the same; bad guy criminal is doing bad stuff, police/government get involved, Toretto & Co go in, and the usual car chases, shoot outs and explosions follow. As for the main plot item, it's a software superweapon known as 'Gods Eye', which is used as a deus-ex-machina whenever the plot needs to move on. Speaking of which, it's a very fast paced plot that doesn't bore even for a moment. Even if it is repetitive - which is to be expected - there's nothing inherently wrong with it. For me, it just about works, but the final battle was very long, some scenes didn't seem to want to end and I've never said this about a film before, but I felt it started off too quickly, without enough exposition. In some places too, it did drag, though not to a great extent. The cast really stand out as the best part of the film.This time, we have Jason Statham playing the bad guy, who happens to be the brother of Owen Shaw, the antagonist for the previous two films. Statham's character is good; unashamedly based on British stereotypes and reassuringly gritty. He's not as sharp as Owen, but he still provides plenty of great moments, such as the coach hijack and the dinner scene in Abu Dhabi. The main cast give the same old performances, which you can't really fault, as the whole series is built around their 'family'. Their subplots, such as Brian learning to be a dad and Letty trying deal with her memory loss, keep things interesting when they aren't being chased or shot. Arguably the best addition is hacking genius Ramsey, played by Game Of Thrones's Nathalie Emmanuel. Unsurprisingly, she quickly becomes part of the team after she is rescued by them. She's the vulnerable side character that keeps the cast balanced, though she doesn't get the screen time she deserves.But its here that things start to fall apart. There have been plenty of finales in previous F&F films that have been way too over the top to comprehend, and others that didn't do their film justice. This one doesn't fit into any of those types; it's bloated in some parts, but also brilliant in others. It takes too long to finish, but never gets boring or slows down. This problem is also found earlier in the film. The fighting scenes are often so fast-paced that you can't watch them properly, but they're still enjoyable. Some of the car chases are brilliant pieces of cinematography and others are totally unrealistic. It toys from one extreme to another with no middle ground; let me give and example. The Abu Dhabi Party Scene - Good Stuff:> Roman being his usual self> Letty getting into an awesome fight> Well choreographed action, especially Deckard's entrance And the bad stuff: > Where was the chip being kept on the car? It seemed like it was in the centre console, so why waist time picking the car up? Seemed like plot convenience to give the other characters more time.> Driving between buildings; what?> The rest of the cast were completely forgotten about after Brian and Dom drove out of the building.Maybe I'm being picky about films that are supposed to be simple. But I love how self aware its predecessors are, with a near perfect balance of action, emotion and comedy. This does do that, but its over shadowed by scenes and stunts that are just a bit too stupid. Maybe if they were a bit shorter they'd be better. Speaking of those scenes, here's a list of what I'm on about:> The Abu Dhabi party> The Automated Factory shoot out and get away - Kurt Russel's "Mr Nobody" died way too quickly here.> Every scene with Gods Eye in it - it was used too many times and got uninteresting.> Jakande's introduction - the dramatic effect went straight out of the window here due to stupid camera effects.> The drone - where the hell was the US army, why didn't the drone just do its job and how did it do half the stuff it did?> Dom's charger driving off after crashing into Owen's Aston Martin - How?Hmmph. And yet it was enjoyable in some places. And well paced. And well choreographed. They certainly put the effort in, which is always a good thing. But it's just too much to be genuinely enjoyable. It lacks the characteristic, slightly ridiculous tone of the previous films not by trying too hard, but by trying to do too much. If anything, it's all for the final scenes, with Brian on the beach, the Dom/Brian medley and the parting of ways, made all the more somber and heartfelt by Paul's untimely passing. If anything, this is the fan pleasing finale that people wanted, and credit where credits due, some parts are brilliant. They showcase FF's ability to make an action film that knows it limits and balances everything out. You cannot beat them for entertainment value, as they are a cut above the rest. But here we see that ethos falling backwards and being masked by over doing everything. There's so much right with this film, but so much wrong as well.6/10
평점: 7	리뷰: Just when you thought it couldn't get any better Furious7 takes it to a whole new level. To know the fact that the first stunt in the movie was shot with actual cars and cameramen, it makes you awestruck. Decent story line for an action packed movie. Few of the stunts are questionable but again I feel that's acceptable given the fact that they have performed real (and dangerous) stunts for other scenes too. Awesome IMAX experience - gives you the perfect feel for such a larger than life movie. Tribute to Paul at the end very touching. Credit goes to the crew (and Diesel) for managing to complete Paul's scenes with the help of his brothers and some graphics, rather than just removing his character from the plot. Must watch for Furious fans (or any other action movie lover for that matter). This is one movie franchise you can never be tired off.
평점: 8	리뷰: It is all about flying Lykan, shattered skyscrapers, mammoth bullets, Gatling rounds, super-amped destruction, relentless drone syndrome, Jaa's Parkour, bad ass rides, skimpily clad models, exquisite close calls, death defying moments, Herculean jobs, mind numbing head-ons and bad ass action. This movie is an action-pack adrenaline pumping madness just like its predecessor. But does it have a great story? My answer would be a big No to that.Wan unfortunately doesn't have a good story in his baggage. What he still has is some dope action to exploit, and he manages to create insanity with that! Watch out for that insane car-dive and the skyscraper stunt! Most memorable ones! Humour shines fine by Tyrese Gibson's presence, and he occasionally takes off the heat.Furious 7 is thrilling throughout. Adrenaline keeps on pumping constantly. Destruction doesn't stop. Cars keep getting totaled. Bullets fly in the air like flies. The flick has pretty great one-liners that are downright bad ass. Snappy and witty comebacks make the screenplay quite clever in a way. Dramatic bits are kind of average, but make a dash for awesomeness to pay some quality Pablo homage in the end.SPOILERS AHEAD: Statham makes a bad ass entry as Deckard Shaw into the lives of Furious guys with a dope fight with Hobbs. It is here we get to see that eye candy Rock Bottom that we have been waiting forever. Unfortunately he gets sidelined by an unconvincing side-story.We already knew from the prequel, Shaw's brother would be lurking in the shadows waiting to drop the chaotic bomb at Team Furious anytime. So he promised Dom via a phone call. And Bam! goes the 'home' in splinters with a sustained visual of 5-6 blasts occurring simultaneously that engulf the entire house. The predator calls for it and Dom gears up like a Daddy to teach him a lesson.The entrance of Kurt Russell was so pathetic that it made us instantly hate him. I swear I saw perplexed people in the theatre wondering "Why?" out loud. Mr. Nobody's addition to the tale was simply to weave two jobs that Dom could have lived without. Just so that he could find the hunter, he agrees to lick the candy Mr. Nobody was selling. But boy does it unroll into mind-numbing stunts! Skyscrapers hyperjump by the exotic Lykan hypersport would make your teeth turn into a nail clipper. Another pretty dope bit is the car sky-diving bit. Stunts like these ensure that the franchise isn't dead yet. It will continue to flabbergast you, compel you to jump on your seat.Unfortunately the screen time of Deckard Shaw is quite less, and he fails to create a villainy charm in the movie. He does pop up hither and thither to overthrow Dom's plans but passes out weak as a very average forgettable villain. He looked puny compared to Dom fury.The best thing however remains the show stopper – a perfect adieu to Paul. Final bits show Vin in pain, and you could almost read the tears that got masked by his acting. You could instantly comprehend and empathize with his loss. A series of flashbacks of Paul show up with Vin's narration in the backdrop and your heart falls in a heavy pit. Such a big chunk tore away! You are left to ponder in tears. It was a great decision not to kill Pablo's character. Giving him a respectful farewell from the franchise was really thoughtful.In an action franchise like Fast and Furious, just remember you have to overlook everything. Logics are defied, Physics taps out to action, gravity stops working and time takes a hiatus for the protagonists. Just sit back and enjoy the action packed fun this movie promises to be and is. Be super-psyched and never forget Paul!
평점: 10	리뷰: The Fast And Furious series has always been about breath-taking stunts,modified cars,exotic locales & of course,family!A celebration of togetherness that it always is,Furious 7 is a typical Fast And Furious film that showcases a cocktail of death-defying action sequences,pinch of humor,too little logic and hell lot of family sentiments,offering a touching tribute to Paul Walker who passed away halfway through the making of the film.James Wan,known for directing notable horror films such as Saw,Insidous and Conjuring has almost succeeded in pulling off a worthy addition to the franchise ,presenting an enthralling ride filled with high-octane action and lovable performances from the cast,utilising a pretty average screenplay by Chris Morgan.Its James's expertise in narration that manages to keep the viewers hooked through the 2 hrs of running time with the virtue of some of the best action sequences to come out in recent times from Hollywood.Now its a known that logic takes a backseat in the franchise,way too back from the fifth installment to be precise,but I believe there are millions like me who wouldn't mind keeping the brains off for the mean time,provided it can blow the senses and most importantly, simply being a sequel to the Fast and Furious seriesThe 3D wasn't utilized much and the effects were pretty average except for few moments in between.A big thumbs up and ovation to the crew who managed to complete the movie which was stuck halfway due to the untimely death of Paul flawlessly with the help of body doubles and CGI.The last 5 minutes of the movie is a beautiful and touching tribute to Paul which looks fit both for the narration and the sentiments associated with his demise.We will miss u Paul!R.I.P :-( Vin Diesel was the pick of the lot giving out yet another power-packed performance alongside Paul who made his last film a memorable one for his fans.Dwayne Johnson has very few appearances,but managed to evoke excitement every time he appeared on screen.Jason Statham was perfect as the big bad brother of Sha from Fast And Furious 6.Michelle Rodriguez,Chris Badges etc too were good in their respective roles.On the negative side,20-30 minutes prior to the climax looked over-stretched and dull in comparison with the remainder of the story.Rest of the flaws were negligible and didn't act as stumbling blocks in the ride.Cuts were sharp and added to the peppiness,the same applying to the energetic soundtrack.Overall Furious 7 is a decent addition to the franchise,a worthy watch from the big screen for all the excitement in store.Verdict::Fast And Furious as always,the seventh installment in the series is nevertheless a good enough sequel which manages to provide 2 hrs of satisfactory excitement and fun.Keep Your Logic Off & Enjoy This ‪#‎OneLastRide‬ ‪#‎ForPaul‬.It Doesn't Matter If You're A Quarter Of Mile Away! Wherever You Are You Will Always Be Our brother :-) My Rating::7.5/10
평점: 7	리뷰: I when saw the Trailer it's like "oh.yeah! it's like some old school stuff cars,babes and racing but,when the movie started it's like "Hell,Yeah!! that's what i wanted action,racing,Hot cars...".The cast in the movie are perfect especially Jason Statham is playing Negative role.Man i don't think it's good idea..but he really done his job..When the ending Comes i like yeah i never see Paul walker again that's really getting me emotional..All i would say is A good tribute to our Brother Paul..BEST OF THE FAST AND FURIOUS SERIES.. GO FOR IT!! I WOULD GIVE MORE THAN 10 RATINGREALLY MISS U PAUL WALKER (My Brother) RIP :(
평점: 9	리뷰: Enthralling car chases , heavy-duty action stunts coupled with immensely likable stars like Jason Statham, Paul Walker. Rock and Vin Diesel is what defines Furious 7. Fasten your seat belt cause this one gonna blow your mind !!!Dom and team faces new challenge when they are contacted by Shaw who vows to wipe out the entire fraternity to avenge his brother's death.It is little surprising to see James Wan taking the director's seat this from Justin Lin. More surprising is Wan gives you yet another knockout core action film which is breath-taking and stunning and moves away from his comfortable zone of directing horror flicks like SAW, The Conjuring etc. The story is simple but it is execution part which is effective. Though the screenplay falters especially the climax action sequence ( which never ends :) ) but the gripping performance and well- choreographed stunts will keep you on the toes. I was entertained throughout the film and was almost on the edge seat while watching the car dropping down from 10,000 feet or jumping from one building to another building. Cinematography is excellent . Art direction is spellbinding. Editing could have been better. I think the entire star cast gave a captivating performance and were true to their character. Last few minutes paid tribute to Paul Walker and was well picturised. Overall , I liked Furious 7. It had high volatile action , cool car chases and strong performances by entire star cast. Good 3/5Join me on www.facebook.com/FilmyChowk to check out movies for your weekends
평점: 10	리뷰: They keep getting bigger and betterFar from the street car race movie it began as, Dominic Torretto and his crew seek revenge for the death of their friend by teaming with a black bag government agency as their wild card task force.This action movie has everything. Vin! The Rock! Statham! Rousey! And Jaa! It's like the Expendables, but instead of showing what was, Furious 7 show us what's now in action. They've escalated the movie to a new level, absolutely impressive considering how ridiculously huge the last film was. I would have never thought this would be the next action super franchise, in fact no action franchise has ever been this big. It's like the Avengers with cars.The car chases are bigger. The fight scenes are badder. I thought it was too much when these cats out raced a tank and took down a 747 in the last movie, but yeah they topped that.Plus it a great story about a cast of misfits put together who ride or die together like blood. It's all too touching, especially after the death of Paul Walker, which they give a tribute to. I know they had to scramble to figure out a way to finish this movie after Paul's demise and they pulled it off. The Rock and Vin have successfully made the movies Stallone and Schwarzenegger should have gotten around to in the 90s during their hey day. I should not need to convince you to see it, but see it, twice! It was everything I hoped for and lives up to the hype.Rest in Piece Paul Walker, I don't think anyone has ever had the luck to have their final movie be so amazing.
평점: 8	리뷰: I'd been looking forward to this since fast 6. This review is biased, being an avid fan of the series. Certainly the movie if considered as a standalone, taken away from all its hype & franchise, is not that great because of its thin plot. But, that doesn't matter at all. This one is for the millions of the fast and furious fans, and "for Paul".If you're like me, who has watched each part over and over again, you're just gonna thoroughly joy the movie. It's just heart-warming to see all these characters back together again. The Cars, action, chicks, sceneries are all apt. So, after about 2hrs of entertainment, you get to the climax, which was so damn emotional. I'm usually not the emotional kind, but I genuinely miss Paul. So, to all the PW fans, better bring a box of tissues. I teared up after that wonderful farewell which did justice to the tragic demise of Paul Walker.Overall, this is one not to be missed.
평점: 10	리뷰: When a series hits theaters with an entry that has reached beyond two trilogies, it shows that something is being done correctly (and I don't mean straight to Direct-to-Video releases). Amazingly for all the flack the first number of films critics gave it, each entry managed to become better and better. All around they were good popcorn action flicks that kept things moving (rightfully so). However it wasn't until about Fast & Furious 6 (2013) that it felt like the story to these characters was beginning to grow into a powerhouse with real substance. This particular aura only became more potent with the untimely death of actor Paul Walker, who essentially was the core of it all. Vin Diesel was also the main character but Paul Walker's character was how it all began. To say that the last couple of films have been the best is now only an understatement. This IS the franchise's greatest output thus far and a satisfying closure for Paul Walker.After Dominic Toretto and Co. defeated Owen Shaw (Luke Evans) in the last film, Deckard Shaw (Jason Stathom) Owen's older brother returns to finish the job. Unfortunately, capturing Shaw won't be any easier than tasks given before. After putting Hobbs (Dwayne Johnson) in the hospital, Dominic and Co. are recruited by Mr. Nobody (Kurt Russell), a friend of Hobbs to bring Shaw in, which also requires a prior favor. The favor is getting a flashdrive with important info on it by saving a computer hacker named Ramsey (Nathalie Emmanuel) from a ruthless arms dealer named Jakande (Djimon Hounsou). It is a lot to take in but it can be digested. Chris Morgan's screenplay is for the most part at the top of his game. The timeline is correctly working in order the minute it starts and continuity is kept tight. All main characters that have faded into the background remain; audiences just see less of them. All backstories and subplots are completed the way they should've been.All actors are worthy of the role they play (including new additions). Nathalie Emmanuel plays her part smart enough to compliment Tej's (Ludacris) wits. Kurt Russell's big return to mainstream theater releases is also a grand welcome. Russell is able to play his character comically while also being serious. Jason Stathom also looked like he enjoyed his role. Considering he usually doesn't play villains, it certainly wasn't his usual typecast. Djimon Hounsou as the arms dealer was probably the only character that was the least interesting. He had a significant part; it just wasn't memorable. Every other main cast member to this film has mastered his or her role. One of the big reasons why there are no flaws in the main casts' performances is because of how real the relationships are. All the emotions shared on screen feel real because they are real. That means comical, serious, dramatic and heartfelt moments. The interactions are as authentic as they get. With only Paul Walker having half his scenes filmed when he passed, the end result is again only several times truer than they could have ever been.Cinematography provided by longtime veteran Stephen F. Windon & additionally by Marc Spicer hasn't lost the touch. With sweeping wide panning shots of various landscapes from the Middle East to the city streets looks great. The action was well staged too. James Wan was a smart replacement for Justin Lin because of his experience with Death Sentence (2007). As ridiculous as the action keeps getting in the series, this was by far the most creative. So many things happen that many viewers may not expect (other than what the trailer showed). The choreography and special effects all worked well in the mix too. Viewers should not be able to tell what scenes Paul Walker missed. It's as good as Brandon Lee's The Crow (1994). You really can't tell. This shows that everyone in this production did it for Paul and it's sincere it in its delivery.Surprisingly, even the music by composer Brian Tyler was an improvement. Unfortunately, for such a long running franchise there is still no main theme. Aside from this though, the action scenes do have energetic tunes to maintain proper flow. However, it is the emotional scenes either between Dominic and Letty or Brian and Mia (it's mostly for Brian though) that the cues Tyler creates for these moments that truly standout. Plus with some of the exchanges the conversations have, it hits closer to home because of the knowledge that Paul Walker is no longer around. If there's anything to say about the movie that doesn't feel right, it's the fact that so much destruction happens in all these recent entries that the physics do not apply anymore. Seriously, these characters are superhuman! Viewers can't even knock on Letty's amnesia or that no consequences come to these characters after all the destruction because if you're a fan for this long, nobody honestly cares.Of all the installments before, it cannot be denied that this is by far its greatest accomplishment. In order to agree with this, you have to be a fan of the franchise or at least find them moderately entertaining; and to make it through 6 films before this, you must be dedicated. Its action is even more over the top than before with physics that still do not apply regularly but every other element overrules them by an enormous margin. Paul Walker's last film is a respectful and loyal knockout to the end.
평점: 7	리뷰: Since 2001, The Fast and the Furious was indeed, by far, the most interesting film that defined street racing in popular culture. Now, jumping ahead over a decade later with this new movie Furious 7, it did more than just provide the usual car chases, extremely dangerous stunts, or intricate strategies the last films had shown many times before, it also brought out something more that is seldom seen in the entire film series: emotional depth.Following from where both Tokyo Drift and Fast 6 left off, Dominic Toretto and his crew head out to pursue the mysterious individual responsible for killing one of their own. Upon finding this person, they realize there's more about him than what they initially thought.With the departure of director Justin Lin (who helmed the previous four films) and upon passing his director's chair to horror filmmaker James Wan (of 'Saw' and 'Insidious' fame), he did quite an impressive job doing an action film, which diverts him from his usual norm, and that's not a bad thing. Normally, I watch the movies for its plot, but story-wise, it kept me further interested that I was left mind-blown and found it made perfect sense on how the previous events from the main films and its one spin-off intertwine with this current title. The action sequences were brilliantly executed and crafted cleverly within the new location settings like Abu Dhabi, especially when it further showcased how much a car can do than just simply driving or speeding in one. As car makes and models continue to evolve overtime, you'd know how useful they can be in such scenarios when you least expect it.Vin Diesel, Paul Walker, The Rock, Chris "Ludacris" Bridges, Tyrese, and Michelle Rodriguez have really outdone themselves in this new outing, including additional cast member Jason Statham - who's no stranger to fast cars himself - as the villain, but of course the real honor goes to Walker. After his tragic passing during production of this movie, I felt this similar notion of loss when Brandon Lee lost his own life during filming of The Crow back in 1993. It's like when you see them perform on screen, you feel like they're still very much alive as long as people continue to watch what they loved doing. Jumping back to this film and to not give too much away, some scenes actually brought out an emotional tone for a few of the main characters. Although most of the crew would still continue doing the meticulous work they're known well for, there are moments where they express (if not verbally) good reasons for doing such. Overall, it's a film Walker did proudly and it was great seeing Lucas Black reprise his role of Sean Boswell from Tokyo Drift again since it basically helped set the stage for what Toretto's crew must do next. Though some audiences may call it "overhyped," "predictable," "mediocre," or even "overly sympathetic" due to the passing of a great actor, never once should it be taken for granted because I certainly enjoyed what I saw as the adrenaline in me kept pumping and the story didn't drag, only accelerated further. There wasn't a dry eye in the auditorium that night since I literally heard scattered, faint weeping and sobbing. Not to mention a touch of symbolism in one scene that made it so emotional. Thanks for the ride, Paul. My hat's off to you...
평점: 9	리뷰: About 15 minutes into 'Furious 7' I had decided that my review would consist of only two words; Butt Cheeks. Sure there are other equally economical ways to describe it. Implausible. Ridiculous. Absurd. Oh, and here's another. Fun. If you can leave logic--and perhaps good taste--with a babysitter, this is an extremely entertaining popcorn action extravaganza.I will say that with 'Furious 7' this franchise is getting dangerously close to self parody, but so long as they can hug that line, I'm down for another.For those wondering about Paul Walker, I think they did an excellent job paying tribute to him in a way that was in-universe and real life at the same time.
평점: 8	리뷰: The Fast and Furious series is one of the few franchises that has gotten better as they go along. I thought the first few were entertaining but had no real meat or depth to them. The series took off with Fast 5, and has been fantastic ever since. Furious 7 is not only the most insane of the franchise, but it's also by far the most emotional. This movie is simply the reason why I love cinema. It has everything that you would want in an action film, plus the perfect way to honor Paul Walker. I never thought a film with hundreds of punches, huge muscles, and fast cars would move me to tears. Just as Furious 7 was dedicated to Paul Walker, I'm going to dedicate this review to him as well. He was never an Oscar winner, but he was a part of one of the franchises that heightened my love for film. He was known as one of the nicest guys around Hollywood and I can only hope that he's looking down and watching this film with a big smile on his face.Furious 7 plays a lot off of the events of the previous installment as Jason Statham plays Deckard Shaw, brother of the almost fallen Owen Shaw. He's very much like Winter Soldier in Captain America, he appears every now and then tearing through buildings and bodies on his way to avenge his brother. From hear it's Dom, Brian, Hobbs, and the rest of the crew to stop him from taking more lives. Much like the previous films Furious 7 goes across the globe and finds it's way to high speed races with a lot of girls in bikinis. Perhaps they took that a little too far this time but it will only bother you if you don't know what your getting into with these films. Speaking of that, it's just about twice as ridiculous as the 6th film in terms of death defying stunts and action sequences. The action is non stop and the plot can be a bit confusing and convoluted. But considering how much trouble the production went through, I cant blame the filmmakers for any of those faults. They did a tremendous job in retrospective.Newcomers include Kurt Russell and Nathalie Emmanuel who both did a good job. I heard Russell plays a bigger part in the inevitable 8th installment and I would like to see Emmanuel return as well because they both seemed to have a lot of fun with this film. Everyone else is pretty much back including Mia, Elena, and Gisele all making cameos. I have come to love this group so much over the years that it's really great to see everyone together, especially if it's the last time. There's also a side story about the Letty-Dom relationship. That also turned out to be extremely satisfying as a long time fan. But the biggest laughs out of the film come from Tyrese Gibson and Ludicrous' banter. It's one of the reasons why the last 3 films have worked so well is the increased chemistry between the crew.The most satisfying part of the film was the ending. Every questioned how they could possibly deal with the death of Walker during the middle of filming, but I have to say they couldn't have handled it any better. The last 10 minutes or so were absolutely gut wrenching. I loved all the big action sequences with cars flying through buildings and one on one fist fights were great. But nothing in terms of filmmaking compared to the final scenes honoring Paul. Vin Diesel giving his final words to him was some of the most emotional moments I have experienced in a film, let alone an action film. The plot doesn't make perfect sense at times, but the message does. Family is and always will be the most important thing in life. Rest in peace Paul Walker.+Action tops anything before +All the characters and more appear +Funny as ever +Perfect send off for Paul 9.3/10
평점: 8	리뷰: If you thought Vin Diesel flying 50 feet in the air to catch a girl was over the top in Fast and Furious 6, wait till you see Furious 7. Watch The Rock fall ten stories, Paul Walker defy gravity, Jason Statham tele-port through out the film, Vin Diesel carry a two ton car, drive off a cliff with all the insouciance of a man on his way to buy a pint of milk, crash and survive without a single scratch, and most importantly drive a car through not 1, not 2, but 3 sky scrappers, that's right...3!. So flush out your brain cells and enjoy an action packed, adrenaline filled, over the top flick. Also get ready for the tele novella with Vin Diesel and Michelle Rodriguez.
평점: 7	리뷰: The family of street racers are back, again; there are personal matters at stake, again; circumstances have forced them to team up for one last ride, again. Having successfully defeated criminal mastermind Owen Shaw, members of the crew have gone their separate ways. Little did they know about Shaw's big, bad-and ingeniously resourceful-brother Deckard, who comes lurking out of the shadows for revenge (heretofore unseen big brother comes to avenge little brother, truly a novel cinematic idea!). Add to the mix a few other ruthless bad guys, some shady and seemingly indestructible federal agents, a beautiful woman with brains, some rough-and-tumble fight scenes, one ridiculously over-the-top action sequence after another, and the stage is set for pretty much everything you've come to expect from this long-running franchise. Logic, character development, and story continuity/credibility take a backseat to needless exposition, crowd-pleasing one-liners, and superfluous action set pieces, like you'd expect, but the presence of series veterans, effective casting in key roles, and knowledge that this is the late Paul Walker's final film give it much more weight than it should. **
평점: 7	리뷰: So, I just came back from this movie and I can say one thing: it was certainly 2+ hours well spent in a cinema. So is it a fun movie? Oh, sure it is. As long as you're going into it expecting nothing what the first Fast and Furious installments used to be and accepting this franchise for what it's become. The first movie was this exciting tale of a criminal underworld and illegal street racing, which was still firmly grounded in reality. Over time, however, the franchise abandoned those roots and concentrated instead on increasingly implausible action sequences, the only resemblance to the first movie being that it still features the same cast and has exotic cars. And this movie, well, it is definitely in the latter category. Contrary to what has been said in the movie itself, cars do indeed fly and our heroes survive things that could have made the Terminator break apart. But is it a bad movie? Hell no. If you go into this expecting a serious story, you will be disappointed. Instead, go see it like you would go see something like the Avengers. No semblance of realism, just over the top action, unkillable heroes, predictable and an extravaganza of special effects. That's what this movie was for me. Offtimes it's hilarious how the movie attempts to take itself seriously after a ludicrous scene from a realism perspective or some particularly goofy dialogue, but it's all good fun as long as, like I said, you yourself are willing to take it not too seriously.
평점: 9	리뷰: By about 2009 when 'Fast & Furious' was released, the franchise had slowly began to veer away from its initial focus of street racing and instead began to turn its attention to the action genre and over-the-top big budget sequences. However along with this change of style, the franchise was actually getting better and better with each film. Today I saw the most recent instalment in the cinema... talk about action-packed. 'Fast & Furious 7' is a no-holds, over- the-top and mindless action film, but this aside, it is an extremely entertaining and fun film to watch. With an all-star cast and some brilliant action sequences, 'Fast & Furious 7' is proof that certain franchises can continually make great movies. The most notable moment however in the entire film is the emotional and respectful ending during the send-off of Paul Walker, the film finishing with a montage of Walker in the previous six films, finishing with just two words, 'For Paul', this is the first time a Fast and Furious film has affected me emotionally, and it is arguably the best in the franchise.
평점: 9	리뷰: I do not particular write reviews on movies because generally I say them in person but this one is way to good to pass up on. People who rated this less then a 7 are completely lost when it comes to movies and should take film school or be a director if they can do better which they can't because they are to busy being self centered. This movie was one of the best movies in the whole Fast & Furious series and deserves an 8.5 but I did a 9 because it was better then an 8. If you want action, you got it! If you wanted fast muscle and exotic cars, you got it! If you wanted intense scenes and good drama, you got that too. If you wanted this to be a tribute to Paul Walker well, you got that as well at the end of the movie. I think an 8.5 is perfect for this movie because this movie has a great mix of it all and can definitely go for an Oscar nominee. This is why I have chosen to write this because my review isn't based on Paul Walker no longer being with us but based on a great movie which is what Furious 7 is. Trust me it is hard for me to give 10's out for movies or TV series because it literally has to be perfect and I only have a few 10's I have ever given out: The Shawshank Redemption, Game of Thrones, The Dark Knight, and The Godfather.
평점: 9	리뷰: This is Paul Walker's final film. That's the armored truck in the room when talking about "Furious 7" (PG-13, 2:17), so I might as well address it up front. During a break from filming this installment, franchise regular Paul Walker died in a single-car crash on November 30, 2013. While mourning his loss, the film's producers set out to alter the script and make a plan to finish the movie without one of their most important characters. Walker had completed filming most of his dialog before his death. Four men similar in physique to Walker, including his brothers, Caleb and Cody, were hired to help complete Walker's scenes. All that, with a little CGI help, has produced a film which is likely to please action film fans and Paul Walker fans the world over.This film's story begins at the end of the last film, "Fast & Furious 6" (2013). The last scene in that film has someone killing Han (Sung Kang) on the streets of Tokyo and immediately making a phone call saying, "You don't know me. You're about to." Early in "Furious 7" we see that the recipient of that call was none other than Dominic Toretto (Vin Diesel), the only character to appear in all seven movies. The villain making the call is Deckard Shaw (Jason Statham), the older brother of the man who Dominic and company defeated and left for dead in the previous film. Immediately after the call, a package explodes, destroying the home of Brian O'Conner (Paul Walker), his wife Mia (Jordana Brewster) and their young son. All three of them (along with Dominic) narrowly escape being killed, as does Luke, whom Shaw attacked at work. As Tej (Chris "Ludacris" Bridges) says to Roman (Tyrese Gibson) at Han's funeral, "We're being hunted." Indeed they are. They need to get to Shaw before he can get any more of them.A mysterious government agent (Kurt Russell), who simply refers to himself as "Mr. Nobody" can help Dominic's gang, but Nobody needs something in return. A terrorist named Jakande (Djimon Hounsou) has stolen a computer chip that Nobody refers to as "God's Eye" and also kidnapped the program's designer, known only as "Ramsey" (Nathalie Emmanuel). God's Eye can use "anything with a lens or a microphone" (surveillance cameras, cell phones, etc.) and facial recognition software to find anyone in the world. Mr. Nobody tells Dominic that, if his gang can retrieve the computer chip, then he can use it to find Shaw. Dom agrees and Nobody assembles Dom's crew, including Letty (Michelle Rodriguez), who is still struggling to regain the memory she lost in a major accident earlier in the series. The quest for the chip and, ultimately for the chance to kill Shaw before he kills all of them, takes this "family", as Dom calls them, to Azerbaijan, Abu Dhabi and back home to Los Angeles. Along the way, the gang find themselves in all manner of deadly situations. Anyone who has seen the movie's theatrical trailer can tell that the action is the wildest yet, and can only guess that there's a lot more where that came from. (They'd be guessing right.) Not only is the action in "Furious 7" the best in the franchise to date, so is the film. Sure, some of the dialog can be a bit hokey and the beatings the characters take should either kill them or land them in the hospital right next to The Rock's character, but that's all part of the fun. The film's plot allows us to see the characters in a variety of exciting chase scenes, intense fight scenes and practically impossible scenes of "vehicular warfare", all while dealing with some serious real life situations. I meant real life as in the lives of their characters, but the movie also deftly handles the real life human tragedy of Walker's untimely passing. When I reviewed the previous entry of this franchise, I gave it a "B+" and wrote "with the possibility of an even higher grade for the next one, based on the last scene of this one." I got what I hoped for. "Furious 7" is one of the best action movies – ever. "A"
평점: 3	리뷰: Fast and the Furious is a series that we have all fallen in love with. Ever since 2001 when the series came out, we have been exposed to beautiful cars, hot extras, and plenty of crime and punishment amidst their colorful cast. This weekend we jump into the seventh, yes seventh, installment to see if we get the same thrills and chills that we love. For the virgins of the series, and those who've seen the trailers, here is what you might expect:  High speed thrills and action  Beautiful women seen from all angles  Jason Statham being Jason Statham  A conclusion to Paul Walker's legendary roleFans of the series know that this movie is all about coordinated plans that often involve beautiful cars performing unbelievable stunts. Well that trend continues with at least three lengthy sequences dedicated to showing off expensive cars being pushed to their limits. Fans will be pumping their fists in joy as Dom and the crew take their beauties across the world, country hopping as they fight off terrorism partnered with vendetta. In glorious high definition, alongside stable camera work, adrenaline junkies like myself will be more than happy with the exciting battles this movie has. While some of the situations are ridiculous, and a bit conventional, they are incredible displays of the glorious work special effects can craft. In addition to the excitement, the directing team did a good job adding some additional character to the scenes. Furious 7 has plenty of laughs, especially in the brotherly exchange between Taj (Ludicrous) and Roman (Tyrese Gibson). I myself laughed the hardest at Gibson's scenes, where his stunts and dialog, combined with the delivery, were enough to relieve the tension. The action also held suspense, mainly due to the built relationship between the cast of this series. That dynamic, along with the wonder of who will make it, keeps you engaged in the battles, both the necessary and unnecessary battles. Unlike some other action movies, Furious 7 sometimes takes a little too much liberty for making an action sequence. A few of the scenes were a bit overdramatic, some of the fights quick write-ins to allow for cameos and character involvement. Speaking of cameos, you can expect a lot of filler shots centered on the feminine figure. Guys will love seeing the curves of many beautiful ladies, most getting close enough to touch the derrieres they are shaking. The tight outfits and bountiful bosoms, or missiles as Roman calls them, will make many a man or boy, drool in delight at the gorgeous women before us. This brings me to another point, that Furious 7's editing could have used a little work. While the movie was exciting, there were plenty of scenes that could have been trimmed, or left out to shorten the run time and make a more conducive movie. Now I mentioned how the relationship between the stars is a big part of this series, but what about newcomer Jason Statham. No surprise, the action star has little to say, and what he does comes out the same grunting mess he always does. Primarily he talks with his fists, or cars in this case, as the stunt man goes to work on his vendetta plan. I can say Statham still has some moves up his sleeve, but this role was not my favorite of his repertoire. He still had the threatening gaze, but his character lacked the finesse and skills I normally enjoy seeing. Much of his stunts were overexaggerated antics, painting him invincible instead of deadly. Fans of him will have no problem accepting this, but there were a lot of stretches with his character that I didn't quite enjoy in the grand scheme of things. The man is still good, don't get me wrong, but I think I enjoy his Expendable work more than the brother with an attitude. Finally the tribute to Paul Walker; the man who started this series concluded his performance in a great manner. Walker's tale has heart, soul, and bite in this "final" installment. I felt I got good closure for the character Bryan O'Connor, getting to see the true man in the calm and collected warrior. Sure it wasn't the greatest backstory, but decent when blended with his action. The ending in particular gave me goosebumps, and captures the essence of the actors' relationships and the brotherhood they shared. Although not anything what I expected, I bow my head in honor of the action star. To sum everything up Furious 7 is an awesome sequel that ranks high on my F&F list. Action wise it is one of the more exciting, and helps tie up the tales of almost all our characters. Is it truly over? I don't know; there is a lot of open ground to cover for a possible sequel. However, it brings the same excitement you like in the ridiculous world we've fallen in love with. Despite the plot conventionalities, disproportionate acting, and interesting editing choices, the movie is one of the better ones I have seen in a long time. Go see it in theaters, for the special effects, the engaging chemistry, and to close out the series. My scores for Furious 7 are: Action/Crime/Thriller: 8.5 Movie Overall: 7.5-8.0
평점: 8	리뷰: If you don't like to be challenged or intrigued by plots/characters, then this movie is for you. Because everything about Fast 7 is mindless, illogical and incredibly cheesy. Anyone with remotely any intelligence, will be frustrated by the poor writing, boring plot, lame characters and below average action. Half way through you forget why they're even doing what they're doing. They go through great lengths in capturing a device to locate someone who's not even hiding from them, all the while performing unrealistic stunts against incredibly stupid villains. A God awful movie which, unfortunately, will see an 8th installment very soon.
평점: 4	리뷰: Let's be honest, the Fast & Furious franchise is dumb. The plots are nothing short of ludicrous, the acting is often laughable and the dialogue is frequently atrocious. But I fricken love it. There's an unbridled exuberance throughout the series – especially since the fourth instalment – that is infectious, and F&F7 carries that torch capably. The stunts are obviously numero uno on everybody's list, both crew and audience alike, and they don't disappoint, despite being increasingly reliant on CGI. Pushing the limits even further in a cinematic universe where silly things like real-world physics are gleefully disregarded, the set pieces flow with amazing frequency, leaving you breathless for a sizable chunk of the movie. Since The Rock's inclusion in the fifth chapter the amount of fights have grown as well, and here we are treated to numerous entertaining fisticuffs that sees The Rock vs The Stath, Big Vin vs The Stath, and a whole army vs The Stath, to name only three. Speaking of The Stath (Jason Statham for those playing at home), his smooth yet ruthless killer is easily the best villain this series has seen, and he's treated to an appropriately fantastic entrance via a clever opening credits sequence. The other new players are more of a mixed bag though. Kurt Russell is delightful as a scenery-chewing Government official and Nathalie Emmanuel slots into Vin's gang with ease, but Djimon Hounsou and Ronda Rousey are completely wasted with underdeveloped and boring roles. The old crew – Vin Diesel, Paul Walker, Michelle Rodriguez, Tyrese Gibson, Ludicrous and The Rock – offer much of the same stuff that has made them so well liked over the years, because, you know, if it ain't broke don't fix it. Which brings us to the late Paul Walker. After dying in a horrific car crash whilst filming was on a hiatus, the filmmakers have employed every trick in the book, including body doubles, CGI, and use of stock footage, to successfully deliver a well-rounded farewell to Walker. Signs of franchise fatigue are nowhere to be found in this seventh entry and, despite losing one of its beloved members, will undoubtedly be back for episode eight. And nine. And ten.
평점: 10	리뷰: While the ending to Furious 7 was executed extremely well, the same cannot be said for the rest of the movie. The acting fell flat and it was nothing more than a two and a half hour long soap opera that has started since the franchise stopped racing cars. The loves scenes became ridiculous and the car action increased in more B.S. than Congress. The movie recycled every cliché in the book. The fighting actions that involved Deckard Shaw (Jason Statham) was welcoming. Jason was Deckard during those moments and he played the part well. All the random moments where he would show meant you knew it was about to go down. When he appears, action is none stop between Domini Toretto (Vin Diesel) and Deckard Shaw, with the fighting between the two intensify with every encounter.Furious 7 has an incredible tribute to a man that was loved by many and he deserved nothing less. But that alone cannot make this movie be worthy of anything higher than a 7.
평점: 8	리뷰: "They used to say I live my life a quarter mile at a time and I think that's why we were brothers, because you did too. No matter where you are, whether it's a quarter mile away or half way across the world, you will always be with me and you will always be my brother." - Vin Diesel (Tribute to Paul Walker)The Fast & Furious franchise is back with its seventh installment Furious 7 (also knows as Fast & Furious 7). This installment is a very special one because of the tragic loss of a great man who died in a car crash, halfway during the production. Paul Walker (Brian O'Conner), was the jewel of this franchise, his roles, the stunts, and every other thing he did for the franchise were priceless. On that tragic day, (30 November, 2013) I was in tears when I knew about the incident. Today, after almost two years, seeing Paul as O'Conner for "The Last Ride" broke my heart.I had chills, from the very beginning of the movie right until the end. Each moment is priceless when you feel that connection with the franchise and its family. Like always, the franchise never disappoints. Since, they delivered something much more than expected during Fast 5, I had a higher expectation from this movie. However, I have no complaints, the movie was just awesome. Those surreal stunts seemed astonishingly undeniable. You do not get to see that everywhere, but the Fast & Furious franchise, thanks to James Wan.During the final minutes of the movie, where Vin Diesel (Dominic Toretto) pays tribute to his brother Paul and when they show a flashback of all those priceless moments of Paul with the franchise, I had tears rolling down my eyes. It was just too overwhelming. The franchise is never going to be same without you. I really wished to see Brian O'Conner in the eight installment, but as they said, this is where you belong you have done enough. You will forever be in our heart brother. This one is for you, Paul! #ForPaul #TributetoPaul #FastandFurious7 #Furious7 #FF7
평점: 10	리뷰: The Fast & Furious series is back again with its seventh latest "furiouser" installment, Furious 7. The series has changed a lot over the years...first about illegal street racing in Los Angeles, then a serious heist thriller and now a global spy thriller. (Yes, you heard me! The gang are now turned into international secret military operatives!) Over the years, the franchise has always been delivering on what they promised: bombastic action, hot babes in bikinis and lots of sports cars... with recent installments more focused on the main characters, making each of them individually defined enough to be easily recognized on screen.http://yjcool.blogspot.com/2015/04/movie-review-furious-7.htmlThis film is also director James Wan's (mostly directed horror films like Saw, The Conjuring, Insidious) first go at the franchise, and there are subtle changes compared to the last four films, which were previously helmed by Justin Lin (who's moved on to direct the next Star Trek film). Needless to say, this has got to be the most epic, extravagant, ridiculous yet jaw-dropping, action-packed, emotional film in the franchise. In this film, the team tries to take down the dangerous ex-black ops British terrorist Deckard Shaw (Jason Statham), the brother of Owen Shaw (the villain in the previous installment, played by Luke Evans) who comes for revenge. In order to find and track him down, they need to assist in securing a kidnapped hacker from a terrorist group.The film is constantly filled with tension and excitement despite its slightly long running time (2 hours and 20 minutes). The impressive, absurd yet glorious stunt-filled action sequences featured in this film will definitely keep the audience glued to the screen. They able to both match and even top the efforts of its previous installments. Aside from the usual sport cars that many viewers of the franchise used to be seeing in the past, there are more luxurious supercars being used this time around: Bugatti Veyron, Ferrari, Aston Martin, Maserati, Lamborghini, and the exclusive $3.4 million Lykan HyperSport. There are also a few comic relief scenes with Roman (Tyrese Gibson) as well to relief some of tension between the action sequences.The team have good chemistry with each other and the film does have a plot, albeit a simple one. As usual, Vin Diesel still bring his 'alpha' leadership to the team, Paul Walker as his right-hand man with life experiences as an FBI agent, Michelle Rodriguez as his racing support/lover-'miss alpha', Dwayne Johnson as the team's 'muscle man support'/connection to the police, Chris Bridges as the tech guy, Tyrese Gibson as the comic relief. There's also a new female addition to the team, Ramsey, a highy attractive hacker who's also the key to the film's MacGuffin. The inclusion of Thai martial artist Tony Jaa (Ong Bak) and mixed martial artist Ronda Rousey (The Expendables 3) also add flavour to the close-combat fight action scenes in the film as well.However, the film is not without its problems. The franchise's biggest problem has always been the lack of compelling, memorable villains. The same can be said for this one as well. There are two villains this time around and they were constantly sidelined most of the time by each other and the big action sequences. The characters are not well developed enough, which is a waste. There are some plot contrivances here and there and some dialogues in certain scenes are particularly cheesy and corny, which I think viewers of the franchise would get used to them by now.The film also provides the audience a nice sendoff and tribute to Paul Walker at the end. Another major problem for the film is the tragic untimely death of Paul Walker during the film production (everyone should know by now that Paul died in a car accident last year halfway through filming), which forced the studio to hire Walker's brothers to step in and that CGI would be used for his face and voice. All in all, the film has high entertainment value, delivers on all fronts and a brilliant last ride for Paul Walker.

영화제목: Guardians of the Galaxy
평점: 9	리뷰: Guardians of the Galaxy: So much better than I initially anticipated. After first preview I knew I'd see it, but wasn't expecting much. WAY exceeded expectations. The overall tone was unique, and perfect: very funny with the right amount of action/drama. An oddball pairing of characters that works very well w/ a stellar cast.I went into this movie without any knowledge of the story line and it does a great job of telling everyone's story, getting you up to speed and then it takes off immediately. I left the movie feeling extremely satisfied, (with a couple mystery nuggets that were dropped throughout to think about) and hoping for a sequel.
평점: 9	리뷰: Hey,so I just returned from the European premiere of the movie in German theaters. I did expect a generic but entertaining film like most marvel movies. What I got was a 2 hour spectacle with the most impressive CGI effects I've ever seen. You just can't tell the difference between animated locations, characters and objects anymore. When animated characters are touched it looks real, when animated space ships crash into something you can see the force of the impact and the weight of the object seems just right. Every time a new location was introduced I was amazed by the beautiful look and the diversity of art design.With that in mind the rest of the film can't do much wrong anymore. The story is generic, yes. But what do you expect from a film called Guardians of the Galaxy...some guys try to guard the galaxy. But it is nicely wrapped up and you do not get the feeling it is kept too short. The characters are kept simple but they mostly stick to their characteristics or their racial attitude.I also liked the humor which was above average. All the different species which come together offer a lot of opportunities for some funny arguments and/or jokes.The music fit pretty well into the film and plays a greater role than I expected.One thing that I am disappointed by is Vin Diesel as Groot. I just did not recognize Vin Diesel in this character once during the entire film. He could have just been replaced by some other guy. So he was only picked because he is a famous actor (correct me if I am wrong with this).To sum it up: the film is pretty much worth to be seen in cinema and is a milestone in CGI technics!
평점: 10	리뷰: Saw it at a UK Premier tonight and totally loved it. Great Humour, action, decent villain, good storyline. Saw it at an IMAX, which really added to the film. I really thought the humor was well done in this film, action was well done as well as the Guardians Universe that we got to see.The only negatives that could really pick up on was the story of the group coming together was a bit weak, I couldn't see why that chose to stay together. Also I would liked Ronan to have played more of an action part....but the screen time he had he was still menacing.I was so glad to finally see Thanos in this, looking forward to seeing how the Avengers and Guardians of the Galaxy storyline will pan out.Definitely will see it again.
평점: 10	리뷰: (Rating: 12A, 121 mins) Written by Zen Terrelonge Starring – Chris Pratt, Zoe Saldana, Bradley Cooper, Dave Bautista, Vin DieselIf you've seen the trailers for Guardians of the Galaxy, you'd be within your rights to think Marvel Studio execs have been hitting the bottle hard or taking LSD.The film revolves around a group of dysfunctional but goodhearted criminals – think Robin Hood's Merry Men of the future – comprising human thief Peter Quill aka Star-Lord (Pratt), green assassin Gamora (Saldana), talking raccoon Rocket (Cooper), knife-wielding Drax the Destroyer (Bautista), and walking tree Groot (Diesel).Like the Avengers, the Guardians get off to a false start but soon unite over a common cause, namely, the galaxy being obliterated by genocidal maniac, Ronan – not Keating – the Accuser.Ah yes, the old, let's-exterminate-everyone-for-the-mistakes-of-their-forefathers ploy.But unlike Avengers Assemble, Guardians of the Galaxy oozes offbeat originality and frankly, it's the most unique and delightful film Marvel has created to date.It's a hell of an achievement given the extensive movie library the company is building up and when you consider the characters aren't household names like 'big three' Iron Man, Thor and Captain America, but Marvel seems well aware of that fact with the final production risky to say the least.The film opens in 1988, which is when Quill is abducted from Earth, and 26 years later we see he's become a crooked intergalactic outlaw with a taste for all things shiny, valuable and not his.Given the distinct decade in which he was taken, his cassette player and mixtape of 70s and 80s tracks are laced throughout the film, which creates a quirky yet grounded quality in the midst of all of the dazzling interstellar warfare that takes place along the way.In addition to the soundtrack, jokes and comedy have never been more of a feature in a Marvel film – perhaps Iron Man 3 was the closest – as gags are thrown into the unlikeliest of scenarios to lessen the tension, and I would imagine, to really differentiate itself from Avengers Assemble, Star Wars and Star Trek, which by comparison are left looking very sombre.That said, if you were going to compare Pratt's Quill to someone, the character is quite reminiscent of Chris Pine's Captain James Kirk – smart, womanising, reckless leaders, who eventually find their feet.The editing is supreme and makes each bit of dialogue super-sharp and tight, so when the infamous five are bickering or talking generally, the repartee all feels really clean and natural without being awkward or forced.Thor can be stubborn, Iron Man can be arrogant and Captain America is considered too stiff, but all of the Guardians bring even more wildly different qualities to the table and offer some diversity that doesn't ever grate or bore, which wouldn't have been possible without such excellent casting.Meanwhile, the film is very much in the here and now, with Quill's backstory the only one that truly gets a look-in, which creates a sense of intrigue about his colleagues who only have their pasts hinted at, meaning sequel fodder.There's just no way of knowing where you're going and tonally the movie delivers a piece of everything and it's done big and without hesitation.Guardians may have been a gamble, but I'm Grooting for it to Rocket to the top.10/10
평점: 9	리뷰: You can always nitpick, Guardians lacks depth, it is very colorful, there could be better character development, but while you watch this movie, you will be entertained. And you will be entertained in a way that you might have not been entertained before.Make no mistake, this is an action packed movie full of space opera (spaceships battling), fantasy (talking Racoons) and cute trees fighting for the greater good. So if you like movies about the real world, this is not for you. But you might have guessed it when you have seen that this movie is from Marvel.But for all others, this movie is highly, highly recommended. It mixes hilarious jokes, great action and fight scenes with memorable characters in such a great way, that you might wonder why not every movie is so entertaining and so funny. This movie felt like 30 minutes, it was over way too fast. And it leaves you in your seat, starting to count the days for the sequel.Rocket Racoon might be the most hilarious and lovable character ever created in fantasy. Every line of this little guy leaves behind a thunder of laughter.I don't know if it is better than Avengers and to be honest, I don't want to be the judge. Some will like it more, some will like it less. And my guess is, if I have seen this movie several times, I might see some faults in it. But until this day, I start counting twice, one time for the days till the sequel finally hits the screen and the other time for the BluRay release.If you have not seen this movie yet, I envy you, because you are about to be blown away.
평점: 9	리뷰: Now, when this was announced over 2 years ago at the San Diego Comic-Con, it raised a lot of eyebrows, including my own (yes, a Phage has eyebrows). Marvel were seemingly trying to transition from the grounded approach of Iron Man and Captain America to a film about the aforementioned talking trees and raccoon combo of Groot and Rocket. This didn't make sense and genuinely appeared to be a case of jumping the shark in our eyes. But much has happened in the intervening two years. Marvel have brought in Gods, fire breathing Extremis people and aliens, along with a mere glimpse of the "mad Titan" Thanos at the end of Avengers a reference that was lost on the vast majority of viewers, but pervaded nevertheless.Skip forward to 2014 and on the eve of this year's SDCC, we got our preview screening of Guardians of the Galaxy. Could Marvel make it pay off? Of course they could. They've delivered what is possibly the finest "Phase 2" film of the bunch. Yes, whilst in our hibernation, we saw Captain America: The Winter Soldier but we didn't think it merited all that praise. Mainly because we find ol' Cap to be quite the dull hero in his one dimensional "must do good" attitude. If we'd written it up, we'd have slapped a solid 3 Phages on it in case you were curious. Briefuly, Guardians of the Galaxy tells the tale of Peter Quill / Star-Lord (Chris Pratt) and the highs and lows he goes through after scavenging a mysterious orb. Through various bounties placed on his head, he's thrown together with an oddball group including an assassin Gamora (Zoe Saldana), bounty hunter raccoon Rocket (Bradley Cooper) and his tree companion Groot (Vin Diesel) and warrior Drax (Dave Bautista) as the villainous Ronan The Accuser (Lee Pace) quests after the orb, which he plans to use to commit mass genocide. All of this is set against a very colourful backdrop of planets and characters, plus that famous Marvel humour.Where do I start? Let's start with the nerdy paragraph shall we? The one where we talk about it tying into the Marvel universe and linking to the source material? Briefly, this film, despite being set away from the Iron Man / Thor / Captain America trinity fits perfects providing you've been paying attention since Avengers. Die hard fans will see certain plot elements coming together and can see where Avengers 3 or Avengers 4 will be heading *cough* Infinity Gauntlet *cough* (we can't wait for the SDCC reveals on Saturday!). Plus, we FINALLY get our first real views of the arch-bad Thanos (Josh Brolin). A HUGE grin came over our Phagey face when we saw him on-screen finally. We cannot wait for more of him in the future! As for how it links to the source material? There are liberties taken, but they all work, and should just be kicked to the back of your mind for now.What works so well in this ensemble piece, as it does in The Avengers, is the strength of the cast. Whilst The Avengers had several films to set up the characters and their origins, James Gunn does a fantastic job of doing all that within the film's 2 hour run time and taking them on an adventure too. Chris Pratt is enormously charismatic and really is the "every man" that people can relate to. In fact, despite being a guy romping through space, he's the most grounded lead character in all of Marvel's endeavours . I could actually go through each of the cast members in turn and sing their praises (God knows I love doing this with Bradley Cooper all the time anyway), but that'd take far too long. Suffice to say, that there are no weak links in this story. Even Lee Pace, as Ronan The Accuser comes off very well here. I only mention this, as typically villains are fairly one dimensional (spare Tom Hiddleston's Loki) in their aims such as Christopher Eccleston's Malekith in Thor: The Dark World, or Mickey Rourke's Whiplash in Iron Man 2. Here it's nice to see a villain that genuinely looks menacing and works well.No Marvel movie would be a Marvel movie without a dose of humour. Well, unless the title is prefaced with Captain America. Guardians of the Galaxy brings humour by the bucketload and genuinely made me laugh on several occasions. As dedicated reader will know, I'm not one to laugh at everything like some deranged drunkard (although many audience members are), but this had some good belly laughs thrown in there. Plus, they reference Kevin Bacon a lot no jokeSo, what are the shortcomings? Honestly, I can't isolate any. Some may say this is simply "The Avengers in Space" or feel that it's becoming formulaic for a team up movie to play out this way. Some might even brandish this as Marvel's Return of the Jedi owing to some "toy-friendly" characters like Rocket and Groot, but I disagree. The pace is frenetic, the acting is sharp and the humour is on point. This is Marvel firing on all cylinders bring on next year's Avengers: Age of Ultron!Simply put, if you're a fan of any of Marvel's past adventures, then this will have you riveted. I'd also argue that if you haven't been dedicating masses of time to these films in the past years, you'll pretty much be OK too. There are threads of continuing plots running through it that may make little sense if you haven't seen The Avengers and Thor: The Dark World (particularly the after credits scene), but the film can stand alone on its merits too.
평점: 9	리뷰: I saw Guardians yesterday on an early screening. You had to sign up in order to win tickets online, so most of the audience was fans like me. The atmosphere during the movie was amazing. I have laughed more than in most comedy films I have seen in my life, the visuals were better and more beautiful than in any other marvel movie and I had a tear in my eye once or twice! Thought the plot isn't new (team up, save the day!), the movie still manages to have a very different take on the superhero/Sci-Fi genre. This is thanks to the music and sometimes crazy, sometimes heartwarming characters that form the Guardians of the Galaxy.
평점: 10	리뷰: The Galaxy's un-mightiest heroes unite in cosmic bliss to create a unique, funny and heartfelt superhero movie and the best Marvel film to date.Marvel is finally expanding its already colossal film empire into space. A risky move given their safe track record. Even with lesser known heroes, Guardians is at the pinnacle of hype and I'm glad to say it paid off. A new world apparently without sarcasm and irony and full of literal meanings. Guardians is filled with funny scenes, making it unlike any tentpole superhero movie seen before. However, the trailers and previews did a lot to reduce the impact of certain dialogue, which obviously is not the fault of the production. Guardians is funny nonetheless and its self referential style keeps us entertained: "We are Kevin Bacon" is an actual quote. Seriously.What makes Guardians unique is James Gunn being at the helm. This is not a director that has been phoned in. The arbiters of the Marvel Universe, Joss Whedon and Kevin Feige, are recruiting directors that need more recognition. "Super" is one of my favourite films, and it's unique likability translates perfectly into the Marvel Universe.We knew this from the trailers and from the mouth of James Gunn, but the soundtrack is awesome; filled with classics from the 70s and 80s that many identify with. But even with this light hearted inclusion, there is layer to it, a minute origin story that gives great character development. All protagonists have a story that I actually care about. These are damaged characters with heart and soul. I wanted to get to know them and I wanted them to succeed. Groot only has a three word vocabulary, but he had more personality in one hefty trunk leg than the entire well spoken body of Superman, and to be fair, much more than Thor or Steve Rogers.Tyler Bates' score works well with out heroes. A good job, given that some of it was composed before the film began production. Rarely does a director film to the score, but it works and fits in well with the soundtrack.For me, 3D has always been a gimmick. Nothing more than a fruitless attempt to squeeze paying customers out of a little more cash. Guardians on the other hand fully embraces the third dimension, keeping the audience immersed in space. James Gunn said that he was much more involved in the 3D conversion and it shows. Having to shift your gaze to focus on a piece of space rock before your eyes is an amazing experience. To add, in conjunction with IMAX, the entire mise en scene feels real and you can observe a varying depth of field. Movies like Guardians is why IMAX and 3D was created.When Marvel announced that Cap 3 would compete against Man of Steel's sequel, I was rather disappointed. It felt that they were getting too big for their boots. A large degree of Marvel movies, for me, are typically average, but with this release I hope that Marvel is finally creating great movies, rather than simple fillers. It also further proves that DC needs to lighten up and quit being so dark and depressing. Cinema is an escape, a 2 hour chance to connect and enjoy. Guardians of the Galaxy is testament to this. It gives pure entertainment, but balances with interesting characters, all the while supporting the over arcing themes of the comics. A great Marvel product, an even better movie and I can't wait for Phase 3 to get started.Action: 5 Score: 4 Soundtrack: 5 Direction: 4 Acting: 4 Story: 4 Screenplay: 4 Watch Again? Definite Blu Ray buy.
평점: 10	리뷰: Guardians of the Galaxy is nothing short of an amazing movie. If there's anything I can say, it's that it is the best superhero movie I have seen. Not only does it have the impressive set pieces and enough action to last you a lifetime, it has an emotional core and you actually get to care about each and every single character. Overall this movie is filled with all the required thrills and spills and is a first class action movie. It also has a great mixture of comedic value and a deal of seriousness. The film's unlikely hero is Quill (Chris Pratt), an eccentric gunfighter in the Han Solo mould who we meet stealing a metal orb coveted by the evil warlord Ronan. When he dispatches his top assassin, the green- skinned Gamora (Zoe Saldana), to recover the artifact, the pair find themselves locked up, along with the galaxy's most unlikely bounty hunters – a gun-toting raccoon (Bradley Cooper) and his sidekick (Vin Diesel) who just happens to be a walking tree. All the actors do a great job at portraying there characters, they feel real beings. You get to know about them and their struggles and you become attached to them. Every character in the movie got their time to shine, especially Rocket Raccoon who is voiced perfectly by Bradley Cooper. Everyone is pitch perfect in their roles even Batista! For those that want specifics: effects were top notch, acting was excellent, story lines were compelling, the comedy was perfect 99.5% of the time and surprise there were a lot of one line typical superhero zingers that worked really well. What really can't be stressed enough is just how insanely fun and entertaining Guardians of the Galaxy is for literally its entire two-hour-plus run-time. I still have a hard time wrestling with who was my favorite actor in this. all in all, the film is brilliantly well done, action scenes are engrossing and genuinely done, you genuinely worry about certain characters and I for one was thrilled with it. Go see this.
평점: 9	리뷰: One of the most entertaining and crowd-pleasing movies ever made. I just got out of an advance screening with my friend and we both can agree that it is brilliant. The humor is there, the action, the story, the acting, the freaking cinematography! This film is a joy to look at. And don't even get me started on the soundtrack! It's magnificent, and fits the tone of the movie perfectly. I was upset at the end, however, because it ended. I just couldn't get enough, I needed to see more! Unfortunately, the screening I was at didn't include the after-credits scene, that would've most likely have tied-in to "Avengers: Age of Ultron." It doesn't really matter, though, because I will definitely attend the Thursday night premiere of it, and pay $18.50 to see it again, but this time in IMAX 3D! My friend and I can both agree that this is an incredible piece of entertainment, and has made itself in our list of favorite movies of all time. When it comes out, do not hesitate to see it, just go. You will NOT be disappointed. 10/10
평점: 9	리뷰: You might expect a movie studio at the top of its game to play it safe rather than strike out in new, bizarre directions. Certainly, it's hard to imagine any other studio giving the greenlight to Guardians Of The Galaxy - a huge blockbuster movie based on a title unfamiliar to anyone who isn't a comics aficionado, starring a relatively unknown actor playing a character most people have never heard of. And yet, Marvel scores once again with its willingness to head off the beaten track. GUARDIANS is a fun, fizzy delight, even as it mines some surprising depths of emotion from its ragtag group of anti-heroes.Peter Quill (Pratt) - a human abducted from Earth as a child - has grown up into an intergalactic thief who has no idea what he's getting into when he takes possession of a mysterious Orb. Little does he know that Ronan (Pace) - a genocidal Kree radical - will do just about anything to get his hands on said Orb, including sending alien assassin Gamora (Saldana) after it. Gamora, as it turns out, has an agenda of her own. Trapped in an intergalactic prison (long story), Peter and Gamora are forced into an uneasy alliance with three other misfits: a brainy, sarcastic raccoon-like creature named Rocket (voiced by Cooper), a giant tree by the name of Groot (Diesel), and the vengeance-minded Drax The Destroyer (Bautista).The truth is that there's almost too much going on in GUARDIANS. Not only do we meet a host of characters we've never met before, on a raft of new planets teeming with brightly coloured life and detail, we're also introduced to several plot lines all stuffed somewhat awkwardly into the film. We have Ronan's planet-destroying aspirations, which are somehow bound up with the evil plans of Thanos - that creepy purple- skinned dude who popped up at the end of The Avengers. Peter's kidnappers turned surrogate 'family' are also on the trail of the Orb, turning up at moments both enormously convenient and inconvenient to the plot. It all makes sense in the end, but until it all clicks into place, it can make for a rushed, unsettling experience.But, despite its occasionally unwieldy script, GUARDIANS triumphs because of the gang of scruffy losers (a term that will take on a different, more heartfelt meaning during the film) at its heart. Director James Gunn, who co-wrote the script, clearly feels a strong affinity for each one of these outcasts, all of whom are easily outlaws in some (if not all) parts of the solar system, each one battling - at least initially - to save his or her own skin rather than to save the world. It's fascinating to watch the five members of this unlikely group slowly banter, bicker and batter their way into becoming a team.Most joyfully of all, Gunn never loses sight of the prickly, selfish side of his characters. He gives them plenty of rich, emotional moments - whether it's Peter and Gamora bonding over the loss of their parents, or Rocket's ability to read a whole range of meaning into Groot's extremely limited vocabulary ('I am Groot') - but never allows the film to descend into dangerously sentimental territory.In fact, Gunn pumps up proceedings with a healthy, hearty dose of humour. Films in the Marvel Cinematic Universe (MCU) have always been more tongue-in-cheek than the likes of the considerably more dour Dark Knight franchise, but GUARDIANS is a heady trip of a different order. It practically delights in bursts of odd, subversive comedy, and actually dares to punctuate its most epic face-off with a sly homage to, of all things, Footloose.Pratt - so winning in TV's Parks And Recreation - holds the emotional core of the film together. He exudes an easy, rakish charm that makes Peter both dashingly arrogant and achingly vulnerable. He's matched very well by Saldana, who is clearly delighting in the opportunity to play the world-weary, no-nonsense Gamora - bred into a killer, born a fighter. The rest of the cast does justice, too, to the film's cheerful swing from drama to comedy and back again: Bautista brings unexpected pathos to Drax's occasionally comical determination to avenge his family against Ronan, while Cooper sounds completely unlike himself - in a very good way - as a creature who hides a world of hurt beneath his mouthy exterior. Even Diesel manages to find a great deal of depth in a CGI character who only communicates via the same languid burst of three words.If anything, GUARDIANS is let down by a trio of not particularly threatening villains. Pace snarls and spits in heavy make-up, but can't quite rustle up much in the way of nuance or genuine menace. Ronan is a one-note madman, with so little in the way of backstory that he automatically becomes less interesting. Thanos, too, now voiced and performed in motion-capture by Brolin, doesn't get much to do beyond lounge on his space throne. Only Gillan's cyborg Nebula manages a smidgen of complexity; even then, she struggles to be half as fascinating as her conflicted "sister", Gamora.Before the film was even released in cinemas, Marvel announced that a sequel would be coming in 2017. It's a no-brainer as to why. The film is smart, funny and quite wonderful on its own merits. But, even more crucially, GUARDIANS is a gamble that pays off handsomely for Marvel. It opens up the MCU in, quite literally, all directions. Don't be surprised if you see our more earth-bound heroes heading into space sooner rather than later. The film also adds a new cast of lovable rogues to the MCU's roster of characters: a gang who, one might say, are actually all the more heroic for being people who would ordinarily be running in the opposite direction from any galaxy-guarding duties. Frankly, we can't wait to see what they get up to next.
평점: 8	리뷰: Guardians of the Galaxy plays out like Star Wars on crack, its fast, ferocious and a badass entertaining thrill ride throughout. Following a rag tag group of intergalactic criminals, Guardians has the plot line of a Star Wars film, the characters of a Dirty Harry film and the action of every Marvel movie combined. What makes this film stand out from the rest of the Marvel films is that it engages you knowing that you have absolutely no idea who or what the hell this is. It does a great job filling you in with information from the comic and it makes for an enjoyable watch. Unlike the fans of the comic, I had no knowledge of Guardians of the Galaxy and walking out of it, it really educates you on anything you may have missed out on all while giving proper character growth and development without heavily relying on the comic books as "common knowledge". Chris Pratt is awesome in this film, he reminds me a lot of Indiana Jones in space. He's a wise cracking, ass kicking criminal that can beat with his words or his fists (more times than not, its his fists). Dave Batista, Zoe Saldana, Michael Rooker, Vin Diesel, and Bradley Cooper along with Pratt gives Guardians of the Galaxy a better cast than Avengers. The film comes at you like a bullet train thats about to derail, you're always engaged with these characters despite most of them being an alien, a talking tree or a talking raccoon. The film is really amazing in that you look at these characters and the ridiculousness of the situation and still don't even question it. Now there are some plot holes that will more than likely be cleared up the Marvel way, meaning down the line something will happen to patch up a couple holes here and there. While that may prove to be lazy writing, I think Marvel films have now earned the right to do whatever the hell they want. Guardians of the Galaxy is a great comic book film and this is coming from someone who was so apprehensive about seeing this film that I almost didn't go. This is a surprising, entertaining, gut busting thrill ride that is impossible to disappoint especially to fans of the Marvel universe and franchises. But even if a superhero movie isn't your thing, I'm confident enough to say that you'll have a great time seeing this movie. It is that good.
평점: 7	리뷰: It's predictable, cliché and often times cartoonish...yet, Guardians of the Galaxy is still one of the most entertaining blockbusters you'll see this summer. Boasting beautiful special effects and constant humor, Guardians of the Galaxy may not be a groundbreaking entry into its genre, but it certainly is a welcome addition.The finest thing about this movie is the comedy that goes with it. Writer James Gunn really does a fine job of using the archetypal characters (tough female, dumb big guy, sassy little guy) and gives them attributes that add to their farce. Really, the comedy is the film's saving grace, as its predictability sucks away any suspense. Remember, with a film such as this, it's not where the path ends that matters, it's how much fun you have along the way. I give my utmost respect to Bradley Cooper for his sensational, and hilarious voice-over work. Between his prerecorded deliveries and the wonderful editing of Fred Raskin, Hughes Winborne and Craig Wood, the character of Rocket becomes an instant fan favorite. I also enjoyed his lovable sidekick, Groot who tells you his name a ton of times in the film in comedic fashion. If you're a film and acting nerd like me, I think you might find more excitement in seeing Glenn Close and Benicio Del Toro in their fine supporting roles. They don't do much but their presence alone is enough.I find it interesting that Groot, who has the least amount of lines, is the best-written character in the whole film. Groot says so much without saying anything and is easily the most lovable and the most human character in the film. Despite the fine characterization and portrayals of the "good guys" in the film, the villains are terrible. They are probably the worst thing about the movie. They are overly cartoonish and come off as B-movie caricatures. From the overly dramatic, yet beautiful, score accompanying the villains, to their hammy portrayals, they are just hard to watch. It's funny how films of this nature (action, comic book based) spell out everything, as if you wouldn't get it on your own.While I thoroughly enjoyed this film I also found it to be a bit frustrating. Like Nolan's Dark Knight trilogy, The Guardians of the Galaxy actually has a deep and darker meaning. Beneath the explosions and punch-lines, the film is about the loss of loved ones. I'm not going to give the movie away for you but be aware that the film is about losing family and friends and how that affects your motivations and loves. If the film wasn't quite so formulaic, it would be one of the greatest films of its genre. Easily. The characters are deep enough and their motivations and loves are justified enough through rational traumas, that this film could have been Marvel's Dark Night. Unfortunately, for me, it's too predictable to hit that mark. I rate this film 3.5 out of 5 stars, and recommend it for ages 13 to 18. You can see this film in 3-D or 2-D at your local theater. Guardians of the Galaxy is a fun, entertaining romp that offers a lot of laughs, has a great soundtrack and is a guaranteed good time.Reviewed by Willie J, KIDS FIRST! Film CriticThe sweet sounds of 80's music, amazing stunts, hilarious one liners, a talking raccoon and a loving, giving tree named Groot are some of the highlights I like most about this film. Marvel has created a 3D futuristic adventure-comedy that explores the true meaning friendship. Chris Pratt plays Star-Lord who is a really good at making enemies and finds himself in trouble when Gamora, Rocket and Groot are after him for stealing the most powerful orb in the galaxy. One of my favorite scenes is when Star-Lord distracts Ronan from destroying the universe by singing Sweet Child and dancing. Everyone asks him what is he doing and he explains that this is what people do on Earth and he challenges Ronan to a dance off. A memorable moment is when Ronan comes charging toward the guardians and he says "Star-Lord." Star- Lord replies finally because everyone is always calling him by his real name, Peter Quill and he wants a cool superhero. It is funny that he is excited by people calling him his alias when he should be worried about getting blown to pieces.Alexandra Byrne, (known for designing costumes for Thor, The Avengers and Finding Neverland) has changed the look of costumes for Sci-Fi and adventure movies. Every costume has more depth for each character especially that of Star-Lord. In the opening scene, you see Star-Lord with a dark maroon cape and metal mask and then, when the aliens try to kill him he escapes by flying via his built-in rocket shoes. The cinematographer, Ben Davis, creates a galaxy never seen before. Throughout the movie I felt as if I was sucked into another galaxy filled with unique aliens and different landscapes.The moral of this film is that friendship is more important than anything. James Gunn shows how desperate all of the characters are to get 4 billion units and then get rid of each other. But, they are meant to do something greater together and that is to protect the galaxy and learn how to love others. I recommend this film for kids 12 to 18 and I give this five stars out of five stars.Reviewed by Shelby R. KIDS FIRST! Film Critic. For more film reviews by youth, go to kidsfirst dot org
평점: 7	리뷰: James Gunn's Guardians of the Galaxy is the best Marvel movie yet. I challenge anyone who would place Iron Man or The Avengers over this action-packed and thoroughly entertaining picture that is the definitive summer blockbuster. It's just f**king awesome! (pardon my French)Hilarious, innovative, and just super fun. I can't recall enjoying a movie this much, right along with a crowd, in quite some time. The less you know about the film and these characters, the better. I'm from a world of movie-watching but not so much on the comic book reading front. My knowledge of superheroes comes from watching Saturday morning cartoons. Like many movie lovers, probably one of the few that will actually admit it, I never heard of the "Guardians of the Galaxy." I had no idea who they were and what they did. This may have made the experience even more enjoyable. There a bunch of funny characters. I'll just say that.There's a moment that overcomes me in the middle of Guardians. Chris Pratt is walking across the screen, after just delivering about a dozen hardcore laughs that literally had me in tears; he's just about gained a theater full of new loyal fans, and Gunn decides to give him a money shot for all the ladies. He walks across the screen in his underwear, sweaty and doused in yellow paint, and heavily panting. I couldn't believe this is the same guy from NBC's "Park and Recreation," Bride Wars, and Her. He's come into his own, and has fully become a movie star, with talent to boot. His work as "Peter Quell" trumps anything done by Robert Downey, Jr. in the Iron Man films. I'd go as far to say that he should heavily be considered a candidate for a Golden Globe nomination for Best Actor (Comedy or Musical). Pratt is the new boy toy for every action figure having kid, and every horny Mom that pretends they hate "these kinds of movies."Coming into another big franchise following Star Trek and Avatar, Zoe Saldana moves quietly throughout the film as an unstoppable force as "Gamora." Kick-ass fight sequences, and an interesting enough story that should feel satisfying for even the most hardened movie snobs. Dave Bautista wrecks through the film as "Drax" and even develops his own character ticks and beats that help him stand out considerably.As the voice of "Rocket," Bradley Cooper infuses a dynamic and comical performance that stands as one of the actor's best outings. All I could think of during the film was this is one of the many reasons the Academy needs a Digital and Voice Acting category. Something as lively and priceless as Cooper's voice work deserves some type of recognition. The same can go for Vin Diesel as Groot, though he lacks the speaking volumes to warrant consideration. I thoroughly enjoyed their relationship and dynamic and it's something that plays out completely well on-screen.Obviously, the film has faults. It's very heavy-handed on the whole "we are one, we are friends" message. It actually starts to beat us over the head with it at times. The film also defies all the logic of physics. There are times that even for a superhero film, you have to raise your eyebrow. There's also not really any importance placed on the villain, and I'm not entirely sure I could recite his ultimate plan. This is no fault of Lee Pace as "Ronan" - just an uninteresting story arc.Guardians of the Galaxy is the ultimate summer flick. Something that's just plain stupid fun for you and the whole family. Geeks will bow, audiences will cheer, and the film will secure itself as a new and enlightened franchise for years to come. Gunn's admiration for films like Independence Day, Star Wars, and Top Gun are on full display. There are even instances where I thought of Boogie Nights and Running with Scissors. It's a blend of every clever nuance and thing you love about the movies rolled into one spectacular experience. It's delicious in nearly every way.Dear younger generation, you have been given your "Star Wars." Go see it!
평점: 9	리뷰: Notwithstanding the heart-tugging prologue which sees a young Peter Quill saying his tearful goodbye to his dying mother in a hospital room, it is manifestly clear from the opening strains of that 1970s Redbone classic 'Come and Get Your Love' that Marvel's latest cinematic addition 'Guardians of the Galaxy' just wants to have some fun. Yes, immediately after that prologue, we catch up with our anti-hero - a thieving Ravager, a self-styled Starlord, and a general intergalactic do-no- gooder - skipping along to that song while venturing his way into a cave on an abandoned planet to retrieve a much-sought after silver orb.In case it isn't already apparent from the trailer, that is the first of many 1970s pop classics that form about half of the soundtrack of the movie, and which Peter carries around in a mix-tape with his trusty Walkman. That artistic choice isn't self-evident; although these characters were already known as a team of misfit heroes from their introduction into the Marvel universe back in 1969, it did not come with the same cheeky comic tone which James Gunn has taken to the material. Indeed, the galaxy may be at stake, but the fact that its fate lies in the hands of a talking raccoon named Rocket (voiced by Bradley Cooper), a tall talking tree named Groot (voiced by Vin Diesel), a massively muscled angry guy named Drax (pro wrestler Dave Bautista), a green- skinned female assassin named Gamora (Zoe Saldana) and Peter (Chris Pratt) means that it is a good thing this Marvel picture doesn't try to sell it straight.In fact, it easily stands out from the rest of the more recognisable Marvel properties by simply being more playful than any of the rest. Peter is a sweet rogue played by Pratt with wily mischief. Drax is delightfully hypermuscled and hyperliteral - his rejoinder when being accused by Rocket that metaphors "fly over his head" is an absolute hoot. Gamora is kick-ass cool. Groot is lovably monosyllabic. And the one who often steals the show is the irascible foul-mouthed raccoon whom Groot provides the muscle for, Rocket, who is also streetwise, smart and suffers from an existential crisis. They aren't exactly first-choice to save the Earth-like planet Xandar from the warmongering baddie Ronan (Lee Pace), who wants the orb for his patron Thanos on the deal that the latter would help destroy Xandar - and both Xandar's Nova Corps officer (John C. Reilly) and head honcho Nova Prime (Glenn Close) pretty much make that clear.But it is precisely their misfit nature that makes it all the more enjoyable. Whether escaping from Xandar's space prison known as the Kiln or from the cheekily-titled planet of Nowhere on which Benicio del Toro's The Collector resides, the ragtag gang always have a witty quip to spare, and the cast's delivery of Gunn's cleverly-scripted repartee is spot-on. There is also plenty of situational and physical humour in the numerous action scenes that follow our heroes along their space adventure - and fanboys will have a field day picking out Gunn's homage to classic sci-fi fare like 'Star Wars' in addition to thoroughly lapping up the pop-culture irony.Gunn's casting here is flawless. None of the actors in the ensemble call attention to their own individual characters; instead, they play off each other with offbeat chemistry and perfect timing. In particular, Cooper is almost unrecognisable as the voice of Rocket, capturing perfectly his character's blend of brashness, intelligence and angst in a delivery brimming with panache. They easily overshadow the other villainous sorts who pop up every now and then to wreck destruction - including Ronan's lieutenant Korath (Djimon Hounsou) and Thanos' disillusioned daughter Nebula (Karen Gillan) - who unfortunately turn out just as nondescript as the villains in the Marvel movies so far.That fault is not so much the actors as that of Gunn and his co-writer Nicole Perlman. If something had to give in order to make way for that self-aware smart-assery, it turned out to be both plot and character. Put aside the visual dazzle, and there's no doubt the narrative is about as straightforward as it gets. There is no treachery, no double- crossing, just plain good and bad defined right from the point that the characters make their entrance. Same goes for the characters, which aren't afforded much time for any backstory (save for that prologue we mentioned at the start) in between dodging bullets and blowing up stuff. As far as origin movies are concerned, this hardly makes the impression the way 'Captain America: The First Avenger' and 'Iron Man' did for their respective characters.Those unfamiliar with Marvel lore will also find themselves grasping to understand how the entire universe comes together - for starters, you may wish to take note that the orb is so prized because it belongs in the same league as the Tesseract in 'The Avengers' movie. But if you find yourself lost amidst the mythology, you'll probably still find yourself lost in a giddy spirit of amusement. It's zany fun to say the least, with a perfectly pitched bunch of memorable characters, irreverent humour and some truly eye-popping CGI wizardry. Gunn relentlessly guns at everything that is fun and pleasing, no matter that they may seem absurd - and you know what, 'Guardians' is all the better for it
평점: 8	리뷰: I remember sitting in Hall H at Comic-Con two years ago, when Marvel first announced Guardians of the Galaxy. This came on the heels of the title reveals for Captain America: The Winter Soldier and Thor: The Dark World, and my initial reaction was one of utter confusion. What the hell was Guardians of the Galaxy? I was completely unfamiliar with the source material, and upon learning that the team featured a gun-wielding raccoon and a fighting tree creature whose could only speak a single phrase, I was even more puzzled.Fast forward to Comic-Con 2013, when James Gunn appeared onstage in Hall H to showcase the first trailer for the film. It was so unlike anything Marvel had ever done before, so far outside the box that I immediately fell in love with it and couldn't wait to see more. Although that first trailer was well-received by the Comic-Con audience, the general public seemed to be scratching their heads in much the same way that I had when the film was first announced. Marvel fans would love this, no doubt, but could this bizarre little sci-fi romp with a cast of unknown characters actually work?The answer is a resounding "yes," as Guardians of the Galaxy is not only an exceptionally well-made comic-book film, but an exceptionally well- made film, period. It's a sprawling space opera with a host of memorable characters, a joyous sci-fi romp through beautifully realized worlds, wildly inventive action sequences, and an almost nonstop barrage of humor and fun. The protagonists are a bizarre assembly of losers and misfits, with the CG-created Rocket and Groot providing some of the most emotional and human moments of the film, and it's all brilliant. Marvel should be applauded for allowing Gunn the opportunity to realize his vision, because rest assured, this film wouldn't have been nearly as good with someone else at the helm.Guardians of the Galaxy has a distinct personality that sets it apart from other Marvel offerings, yet there are enough recognizable elements to remind audiences that it exists in the same world. Clocking in at just under two hours, the film maintains an impressively well-balanced pace, avoiding the problem of over-inflation that many superhero films fall victim to. I can't think of a single moment when I wasn't completely enthralled with everything that happens on screen, and as soon as the credits began to roll I was ready to watch it all over again.
평점: 9	리뷰: From James Gunn, director of Slither and Super comes a whole new epic action galaxy hero universe, Guardians of the Galaxy. While the plot of this film may feel too overstuffed at times, but the film is surely one hell of a ride!! GOTG is visually dazzling with breathtaking action sequences and is one of the best a scifi/action film could offer. The characters here are also very likable and very engaging to watch with their humors and hearts. The film also has so many catchy soundtrack moment that it could almost become a musical film but anyway the songs are great and really live up to the mood/tone of the scenes. The 3D effects are quite better than expected (as seen from the trailer) and really makes the action scenes more enjoyable to watch. Overall, this may not be Marvel's best film but it's surely one of the most entertaining and action-packed ones! >>B+<<
평점: 10	리뷰: Before watching this film i had no previous knowledge about 'Guardians of the Galaxy' in comics and went into to with an open mind unlike other Marvel films were i have had a bit of knowledge on the characters and what their like. So i was looking forward to this ever since it was announced, It seemed like Marvel are really trying to expand their universe here and not worry about the Avengers or really involving Earth that much which i'm kinda glad, because i always wanted to see a Thor film not take place on earth but i was let down with that with Thor: The Dark World (I didn't dislike Thor, i was just hoping it would be more like this)but i think it was a brave direction to take in the franchise and helps open more doors to introduce new characters into the universe. I liked fact it can be viewed as a stand alone film and doesn't rely on any of the other marvel cinematic universe films. So if you haven't seen Iron Man, Cap America, Thor or Avengers its not really a problem. This film has its own solid story and doesn't rely on any previous knowledge from the other films in the universe.I really enjoyed all the characters, A ragtag group of criminals with their own personal missions and back stories all fighting for their own individual causes but all remain a group to combat a bigger threat. Chris Pratt was perfect for Peter Quill, he had the perfect balance of humour and seriousness for the right moments and helps carry the film keeping it entertaining. Zoe Saldana pulls off a sexy assassin type character again similar to her character in 'Colombiana'. Bautista surprised me, as being a wrestler i assumed his acting would be pretty plain and he would pretty much be utilised for some fight scenes, his fight scenes are pretty cool, but he surprisingly pulls it off with a solid emotional back story to carry his rage throughout the film and some of his humorous lines help bring out his character. Vin Diesel and Bradley Cooper as Groot and Rocket nearly steal the film for their own, the 2 of them were perfect, Rockets dialogue is great and his character has some pretty cool moments and Groot is always near by either showing off his brute strength or bringing some humour to the screen. Then there's Lee Pace! who is one of the better villains iv seen in the MCU in a long time! by far the best villains to be seen in phase 2 so far.I really liked the settings and props, its visually stunning and uses an amazing colour palet. I loved the amount of detail in this film from the look of the prison near the beginning to the final fight at the end. one of my personal favourites was the Collectors room were he had different species in cages (Chitauri from Avengers, Dark Elves from Thor and a cameo of another character that marvel fans should recognise after the credits)and other interesting thing that will make you want to pause when you buy the DVD/Blu-Ray to see what you can spot out. The cool Sci-Fi guns and gadgets used in the film, from Peter Quills mask to all the gizmo's and gadgets used by all the characters throughout the film. Loads of them are pretty cool and imaginative weaponry which helps make this one of the better Sci-Fi films of the year. Overall its one of the better Marvel films coming close to Cap America: Winter Soldier and one of the better stories from phrase 2. cant say much was wrong with it and feel this film will be great for Chris Pratt taking him out of supporting roles and hopefully into more lead roles in future films, same goes towards Dave Batista. So yeah i would highly recommend this film to anyone who's a fan of Super Hero films or Sci-Fi lovers.
평점: 9	리뷰: I don't know who is making the final script decisions at Marvel these days, but I'm found the last two films (Captain America: Winter Soldier, and now Guardians of the Galaxy) to be exceptionally entertaining.To be honest, after the disappointment of the most recent Iron Man and Thor films, I was beginning to feel as if the Marvel superhero flicks may have run their course, i.e. that they were beginning to fall into that lacklustre phase where the creative team is just going through the motions to collect on an easy payday.I also hate when movies rely far too much on special effects and big budgets, instead of those increasingly rare qualities of good characters, solid plots, and great writing.That's where Guardians of the Galaxy really shines. Yes, I like the big screen sci-fi settings and slick gadgets or impressive superpowers just as much as the next guy. But I'll take emotional engagement over that any day of the week. Make me care enough about the characters to tense up in my seat when they're in danger, to genuinely like them for their unique characteristics, to want to be there in that theatre with them and feeling a bit of a letdown when the movie ends - that's what I love about great movies. Anything short of that, no matter how glitzy, just isn't worth it.I also love good humour in between all that tense action, and this is an area where I think Marvel really shines. I laughed as much as I tensed throughout this movie. To be honest, that's what made me like the main characters as a team so much - their banter was hilarious.True, the plot of this movie is not particularly unique. At its core, its a good guys vs bad guys superhero flick. It's hard to find a truly new story in that dynamic. But as with Jame Cameron films like Avatar, what I like is when the plot is solid enough - when it has no glaring holes - that it doesn't distract you from all the good stuff.All in all, I have to say this: if you're average movie-goer like myself, go see this film. It's one of those rare times you'll feel like you actually got your money's worth.
평점: 9	리뷰: My Thoughts: I don't think I need to say it but I will I look forward to any Marvel movie that comes out. Have they all been great no but they haven't sucked like some of the DC movies that have come out.Marvel took a big chance with a movie like Guardians of the Galaxy. Its not the typical Marvel movie that we have seen in the previous years. We see Earth for maybe a total of 5 minutes if even that and then everything is out in space.I have to say one of the funniest scenes in the whole movie is right after the opening credits and we are introduced to Peter Quill as an adult. If you are not laughing then there is something wrong with you.But just cause it is off Earth doesn't make it its only departure from the norm of previous Marvel movies. The Guardians aren't all heroic these guys are bounty hunters, criminals, killers even but they band together for a common purpose and save the Galaxy in doing so. You are not getting Captain America, Iron Man etc.The tone of this movie is different too. Yes you have the overarching Infinity Stone hanging over their heads which is really the only tie in we have to the rest of the MCU. But you are getting more comical as well. Yes we have always had the jokes in the previous movies but I think with this group of characters we get a slightly different type of joking and dare I say it is better.I do have to agree with my fellow podcaster Eric that out of all the Guardians Gamora (Zoe Saldana) was flat. Her character arc was not really strong and it was kind of forced it seemed at times to get her to be part of the Guardians and move along certain story lines. Nebula (Karen Gillan) was another one that I think was kind of one dimensional and we didn't really get to see any development from her but she was playing your typical baddie.I have to say for me both Rocket (Bradley Cooper) and Groot (Vin Diesel) really steal the show for me. Their performances are just great and so so funny. I do not know how people will come away not loving those two.Sadly this time around Marvel has decided to not show the Easter Eggs in the screeners so I know there are some in there but I cannot nor would I tell you what they are.My Recommendation:Who are we kidding this is a Marvel movie you know you are going to go see it in theaters and its going to make tons of money. But yes my recommendation go see the movie.
평점: 10	리뷰: I went with my sons at 12 and 14 to see this, with no expectations at all. I mean we'd been massively "hit" by commercials all month, but it wouldn't be the first time a funny and action packed trailer, proved to be a completely different experience in full movie. This wasn't the case here! Guardians of the galaxy delivers from its initial abduction scene to the final dancing plant/tree, and has a kind of feel good energy the you - in my opinion - experience far too seldom these days. It reminds me of a mixture between the later Riddick movies, Fifth Element and The Avengers. The cast is excellent (hard lines to learn Vin Diesel?) and Zoe Saldana makes you wanna go from blue to green. The best is however the promise of more to come. I recommend this movie for all who needs a good and happy day out, no matter age or sex.
평점: 8	리뷰: Oh boy! #GuardiansOfTheGalaxy is just simply an amazing movie. It's a feast in the eye. It's all colorful & flashy! It's all essentials combined to one, witty and comedic beats and lines, full-throttle action, amazing Sci-Fi take and it is full of jump- packed adventures!I so love each character from the film, #StarLord or #PeterQuill the leader of the gang, very clever, funny and this guy has the coolest music to play when he's out fighting aliens from outer space. #Gamora, the adopted daughter of #GreatThanos! Yes! Thanos is seen in this movie, we all know he will be the main villain in #Avengers3. Oh well, Gamora, the deathly assassin with a heart for our earth-guy. #Drax, the guy with very low IQ but serious anger management issues, but don't fret he is very funny as well. #Rocket, the very intelligent raccoon, also has anger management problem, but that's the least of it - he wants money, that's where all his intelligence are being invested. #Groot, who can only say, "I am Groot" which is very cute 'cause his friend Rocket is the only one who can understand Groot! Groot is quite powerful being a human-shaped tree.This movie is a serious yet fun that will not let you down. No boring moments at all! And the soundtrack, oh! I just love how the music are being played. Obviously, Peter's mom has good taste of music.Seriously, watch this movie in theaters! 10/10
평점: 9	리뷰: Guardians of the Galaxy (2014) is charming and witty. However, is it bizarre to say that this superhero film is endearing? It's like giving a delicious sweets to a child who has been fed nothing but weird-tasting medicines. I know I kind of fail at metaphors but I am sure you'd somehow get what I mean.Well, all these while I didn't get the Marvel (or any superhero) hype or fandom. I just can't help it, most boyish stuffs just don't appeal to me naturally, which is exactly the same as how Hello Kitty generally do not appeal to males *spare me* but now I am a fan of superhero films! ^__^All heroes start somewhere and all ladies start somewhere too, right? Now I want my own superhero merchandises and I also to watch all the previous films; Iron Man (2008), The Incredible Hulk (2008), Iron Man 2 (2010), Thor (2011), Captain America: The First Avenger (2011), Marvel's The Avengers (2012), Iron Man 3 (2013), Thor: The Dark World (2013), and Captain America: The Winter Soldier (2014)!! That's a lot, and someday I'll watch all of them!!Okay, straight to the most important point; yes, Guardian of the Galaxy (2014) is worth watching!I like how they portray the superheroes, the casts are amazing and they also have pretty awesome makeup artists to make this happen. It is also visually pleasing, they must have worked really hard to produce this entertaining, heroic film!As for the plot, it is indeed superhero comic-like *duh* where you follows their story and can tell that each of the heroes have their distinct backgrounds and personalities even if you are new to the Marvel Universe. It starts off sad but it is fun and witty from the start until the end!Guardians of the Galaxy (2014) will be out on theaters worldwide by tomorrow!
평점: 7	리뷰: Guardians of the Galaxy made me laugh almost non-stop from beginning to end. It's a welcome break from all the conventional superhero movie, with oddballs leading the way instead of "Super" heroes. Surprises galore. There are several tender moments and the stunt work is very good. Sound track is very fun. CGI is unobtrusive. Acting is excellent all round, except Glenn Close who is severely underused. Nice wholesome values, violence is not over-the-top. Recurring theme is one of redemption, honour, self-sacrifice, friendship, and not underestimating anyone's ability to do the right thing. Lots of fun and well worth my RM14. There is an ostrich's egg at the end.
평점: 5	리뷰: I'm quite a casual fan of Marvel comics and their movies, so I didn't know much about Guardians of the Galaxy going in nor was I expecting much.The blend of action and humour was great. The tone of the film, which I think is balanced very well, was perfectly set in the opening sequence. The comedy especially was actually funny. I think this is largely down to the fact that the characters were so thoroughly well established, with each character having decent screen time. None of them felt underdeveloped and you felt connected to all of the main cast.By and large the acting was very good, stand out being Chris Pratt. A very strong performance as well as delivering on the comedy. The movie is really hinged on him as a central protagonist, and he did a great job of leading the narrative as well as standing out as a character in his own right. Even former wrestler Dave Bautista did a good job. He didn't exactly have a huge range to deal with, but he delivered the serious parts and he was also pretty funny. The writers definitely played to his strengths which showed.The writing in general was very good. It is a well structured film, and is kept moving along at a reasonable pace. The dialogue is expertly written, with great gags and jokes delivered in great timing. The cinematography and visual fx were fantastic. It's a very good looking film, easy to watch and choreographed well. It had a great blend of sci-fi almost Spielberg-esque visuals, which I think gives the film a distinctive look from the other Marvel movies. The CGI was generally very good. Groot and Rocket especially looked fantastic. The only downside here was you can tell that the large portion of time was spent on the main characters CGI (and rightly so), but it means that tertiary CG characters tended to be a bit lacking and not look up to standard.Unfortunately I felt Lee Pace's performance as main villain 'Ronan' to be quite one dimensional and wooden. He shouted a lot, and put on a deep voice, but what presence was built up around his character I felt fell flat when he actually started speaking. Also, his character motive was basically him being a religious fanatic. While being topical, I felt that his core motivations was quite a simplified notion of "West vs East" as apparent in the two warring cultures of the Kree Empire vs the Xandarians, to the point where I felt it was exploitative of post 9/11 anxieties and leaning towards patronizing.Overall though, a very entertaining and most importantly funny movie. Quite different from any other modern Marvel movie, which is a good thing. Recently I've found that some of the post Avengers Marvel releases (with the exception of Days of Future Past) to be feeling quite stale. This film has definitely got a unique and distinct personality which I think sets it apart from the rest, in a good way.I have to say now though that it is probably in the top three Marvel movies alongside 'X-Men: Days of Future Past' and 'The Avengers'.
평점: 9	리뷰: From a hospital room where a child witnesses the death of his mother, an alien abduction follows and fast forward some 20 years to the present life of this man in deep trouble. A seemingly ordinary man gets hold of a very valuable object and as a result his life is in great danger as some very important individuals are prepared to go to great lengths to obtain it. In a nutshell, this is the main thrust of the film and it is not hard to observe how it astutely suffers from a very weak storyline.Who the main protagonists were and how this intergalactic link came to be, it remained largely unknown except the occasional insertion of information as the film developed. On this note, this movie developed largely out of action scenes which were pretty much a constant. This undoubtedly was its strongest point, plenty of action some of it impressive will keep one engaged despite the gaps in the story. A put off in this was the frequent attachment of the main character to a cassette player that often played romantic songs and to hear that in the middle of space battle as they tried to survive was very anti climactic.On the whole, this will undoubtedly impress the early teen audience and the die-hard fans of Marvel comics as well as sci-fi enthusiasts. Mindless constant action without a storyline will indubitably be a favourite amongst 13-18 year olds. As for the rest of us, well we'll just have to let ourselves be absorbed by the action and bypass the lack of substance.
평점: 10	리뷰: 'Guardians of the Galaxy' is not just another sci-fi movie, it's refreshing, enjoyable and giddy, and probably the best of its genre among summer blockbusters this year. The writers of this movie are witty enough to make sure that its cliché-sounding plot won't be as tiring as it rings the audience ears.The movie follows a band of misfits who are assembled to fight for the galaxy and save it from the hands of evil warlords aiming to take total control of the cosmos.While it follows a familiar and maybe tiring tale, a plethora of explosive elements made this movie a refreshing and enjoyable experience. Its biggest advantage lays on its comic tone, thanks to Chris Pratt's smashing take on Peter Quill, he's obviously one of the central elements of this movie. He is joined by equally interesting, and mostly funny, Groot (Vin Diesel), Gamora (Zaldana), Drax (Batista) and Rocket (Cooper) and some other stand out supports, in their thrilling adventure for universal domination. This one proves to provide endless humor, but it has heartwrenching tales to tell too, most of which relatable. There may be an over-stuffing of visuals and that tends to drown the humor and drama but overall, 'Guardians of the Galaxy', is undoubtedly one of the biggest movie event of the year, a pleasurable fun vaunting a stellar ensemble of casts, head-bopping and insanely good soundtracks and a surfeit of reminiscent anthems from the past decades. This might be the best Marvel hero movie to date.
평점: 10	리뷰: I walked out of the theater feeling the same way I did back in 2012 after seeing The Avengers. This movie is enough to bring out your inner 9 year old alter ego and Make You Cry Tears Of Joy. The film was very Action packed. It was a simple plot, but at the same time I felt overwhelmed with all these characters, action and effects.And yes It was still pretty easy to keep up with. And yes Marvel played very safe while launching into its cosmic universe and it seems to be worked out really well.Every member of the Guardians line-up got the right amount of screen time. if you think that Talking space raccoon and a Giant talking tree won't work on a big screen then you are going to feel so wrong after watching this movie as these two were really terrific throughout. Zoe Saldana as Gamora is pretty bad ass. Drax the destroyer is very true to its name. And Yes Peter Quill aka star lord is going to be our new tony stark as Chris Pratt is true show stealer.So, for those who have hang-ups about how you don't want to hear its better or more popular than this or that, don't get caught up in that nonsense. Who cares where people rank The GOTG or Iron Man or The Dark Knight or what have you? It doesn't matter. So, just do yourselves the favor of seeing this movie. It is just a boatload of fun.
평점: 10	리뷰: Great expectations before the film, definitely, and they really paid off. Guardians of the Galaxy is one of the best Marvel films to date, and a really good sci-fi at that too. The film is strong on so many levels, outstanding characters, great worlds, is emotional and humorous.Peter Quill, or Star Lord as he likes to call himself, is a quick-witted man of Earth thrown into the far reaches of galaxy, who has stolen an artifact that everyone seems to want. By accident he stumbles upon four other characters, Gamora the assassin, Drax the Destroyer, Rocket the enhanced raccoon and Groot the humanoid tree, and the five of them form an unlikely team. The characters are really well presented, their emotional core is strong and back stories engaging. In short, they're interesting and easy to like. All of them have great moments and keep us wanting for more and more. Rocket, in particular, steals the show with his anger management problems and bright one-liners. It was great to see a group of people each with their own agenda come together, this dynamic worked really well. Star-Lord carried a lot of this weight, and was very sympathetic.The film doesn't take itself very seriously, which was refreshing to see after also great yet darker themes of Thor and Captain America 2's. Guardians has a lot of laughs, witty dialogue, characters rub off on each other (and the audience), writing is perfect. The film is so entertaining, non-stop adventure but also knows when to balance with more dramatic themes. Scenery and worlds are spectacular, visual effects top notch. As a reader of the Guardians comics it was great to see some smaller motifs thrown in that may not be necessarily caught by regular viewers, but which the comic book readers will definitely be thankful for too.All in all, Guardians of the Galaxy was an awesome watch. Amazing characters, vivid cinematography, great dialogue, lots of humor, soundtrack was nice, story exciting. This wonderful adventure and its captivating characters will be in mind for a long time.
평점: 9	리뷰: Watched this today at the iMAX Manchester. I love watching movies at the cinema, and have felt slightly cheated on a few recent movies that disappointed and appeared to be more of a cash cow: Taken 2 springs to mind, but there are others. The premise to this film excited me, as did the cast involved: a Marvel movie with a raccoon, a tree-shaping humanoid and adorable bodyguard, the amazing Chris Pratt (watch it and be enchanted/amazed by his stellar performance), Vin Diesel as 'Groot' who you will *love* by the end (trust me) and the surprisingly excellent David Bautista, whose comic delivery is sublime. The action is well throttled and not OTT. The perfection lies between the tangible chemistry between the main players and the razor sharp comedic script - it just works, trust me. The icing on the cake is the soundtrack throughout, it was well judged and impeccable. We all left the cinema dabbing tears of laughter from one of the final 'Groot' scenes. Honestly, this movie ticked all the boxes and more - best movie ever.
평점: 10	리뷰: ... in the best possible way!'Guardians of the Galaxy' was highly praised by pretty much every critic. They were right. It's very, very good indeed.The cast are uniformly excellent. The visuals are stunning. The soundtrack is perfect. The plot is typically marvelesque in it's simplicity, strength and scope. No-one puts a foot wrong. No-one. But this is not the usual Marvel fare that we've come to know and love.The Point here, is that the film is largely being played for laughs. And it works. All the recent offerings from Marvel have had comedic elements and moments and they've been done very well. However, 'Guardians' sustains the laughs for the duration without losing the action/adventure flavour that Marvel films are all about.As expected, the Infinity Stones story is continued and some previously teased elements are confirmed. Noticeable exposition is kept to a minimum, but some back story for The Big Picture is provided and the direction of future films is hinted at. 'Guardians' may be different, but it's still part of the wider story in the MCU. The already announced sequel is going to be very eagerly anticipated indeed.To sum up, Marvel have hit gold. And it's a rich vein that can be mined for years to come. Don't miss it.
평점: 8	리뷰: They should really call themselves the best film of 2014, because that is what it is! Anyway as you can probably tell, this is my review for the new Marvel movie Guardians of the Galaxy. They're like the B-Rate Avengers and on a different planet. Xandar to be exact. Anywho's, the plot. The Plot: A human adventurer teams up with a band of alien misfits to save the galaxy.Now, first I wanna say this. The soundtrack was freaking awesome. You have songs from Hooked on a Feeling by Blue Swede, I Want You Back by The Jackson 5, and many awesome songs like that, these songs were on Peter Quill's mix tape. Next, the opening scene. Wow. One of the most emotional opening scenes in Marvel film history. Not gonna spoil it, but all I'm saying is that it has one of the most epic transitions from scene to film studio logo ever seen. I mean, the music is swelling, and then the Marvel Studios logo theme (thats a bit different) begins, and after it finishes, it starts up the awesomeness that is Guardians of the Galaxy.Now, onto the actors. First, Chris Pratt as Peter Quill a.k.a. Starlord. A big badass who has one of the best mixtapes I've ever heard and who is one of the most badass characters in the Marvel films. We also have Zoe Saldana playing a green woman named Gamora. And knowing Zoe Saldana, she's awesome in almost every role. And this one is no exception. She absolutely kills it as Gamora. Her fighting skills are awesome as always. Now, the next actor has to be one of the most muscled badasses in this film. His name is Dave Bautista a.k.a. Drax the Destroyer. He was a freaking badass fighter in this one! I know I keep saying badass, but there aren't anymore words to describe these characters. The final two characters I have to mention are also badass. First we have Groot. Voiced and sometimes played by Vin Diesel. He was really good as Groot, even though the only thing he could ever say was I Am Groot. And last but not least, I have to mention the badass that is Bradley Cooper as Rocket Racoon. Oh... my... god he was freaking awesome!! He had some witty one liners after every action. He was a very cocky character I must say. I'm serious, everything he says, he always has a witty remark to everything that goes on!The bad guy. Ronan the Accuser played by Lee Pace. People say that he wasn't as good as they hoped. But I gotta say, he was a massive menacing awesome villain. The backstory of Ronan includes him having a bit of a feud with Drax, because as heard in the trailer, Ronan killed Drax's family, and thus the feud was born. Drax, while focusing on being a Guardian of the Galaxy, has a major score to settle with Ronan. And for a fellow IMDBian smnam, I'm gonna talk about a certain character that goes by the name of The Collector. Played by Benicio Del Toro, he may only have about 1 or 2 scenes, but he is quite good in this. After his minor role in the end credits of THOR: The Dark World, in GotG, you see more of him and why he's called The Collector. He has a ton of stuff in his collection, including cosmonaut dog, and another item that is seen at the very end of the credits, I'm not gonna tell you. It's a surprise.Right, enough about the film before I give too much away, let's get onto the final score.The film was badass, director James Gunn did a fantastic job on bringing the B-Rate Avengers to life, the actors who played the Guardians were awesome, so I am giving this my biggest rating yet. Bigger than the rating I gave Dawn of the Planet of the Apes, Godzilla and How To Train Your Dragon 2 combined. I am giving the badass of awesomeness film, a 1000/10!!!Telling you now, this year has been a badass year of film. We've had awesome films like The LEGO Movie, Godzilla, Maleficent, X-Men: Days of Future Past, 22 Jump Street, Dawn of the Planet of the Apes, and now we have Guardians of the Galaxy. And it was awesome!!Hope you like my longest review I've ever written, I am Shane-O, and I approve this message.P.S. Stay for the end credits. You'll be in for the funniest and greatest end credit scenes in Marvel movie history. That's all I'm saying.
평점: 9	리뷰: I saw this film this evening and it's already become a new favourite from Marvel Studios . The story of a group of convicts/outcasts brought together as (rather reluctant) heroes is not a new one but it's given new life and brings a rougher edge to the occasionally sterile Marvel Universe. As a lifelong of Star Trek, my favourite series in that universe ended up being Deep Space Nine. Much as I loved Kirk, Spock, Picard and Data the characters and values on display could occasionally become a teeny bit patronising. Deep Space Nine allowed characters who operated in greyer areas to take a prominent role and, often, be proved the smartest in the room. In the Marvel Universe while Captain America and Thor have (just about) stayed on right side of pompous in their appearances to date, the sight of Peter Quill robbing (not rescuing) an ancient artefact while boogieing on through the opening credits is a clear example of the appeal of a character who doesn't always the follow the rules (and let's face it, RD jrs' Tony Stark is not as much of a rebel as he thinks he is).The background of Peter Quill (an excellent Chris Pratt) as a child of the 80s (it's not a spoiler if it features in the first five minutes) brings a delightful sensibility to the alien universe that the film otherwise occupies. Few of the characters have any frame of reference for his various allusions and the script mines this fact well, the legend of 'Footlose' is particular highlight. (Another happy by-product of this 80's nostalgia is the best soundtrack to ever a grace a Marvel Studios film.) The film is not without problems, like the Avengers the introductions to the various members of the ensemble mean that other aspects of the story are a left a little one-dimensional. As with the Avengers, it's the baddies who get the shortest shrift with Lee Pace and Karen Gillan left to do little but glare angrily at various characters. When weighed against the excellent main cast, Bradley Cooper is a riot and Vin Diesel is surprisingly touching as a motion capture tree, the unsentimental humour and some rather excellent fight scenes (including a prison break to remember) then the good definitely outweighs the not so good. As an end note, viewers should stay for the end of credits sequences (there are two). Thankfully Marvel seem to be moving away from teasers for films that don't even have scripts. The second sequence is particularly good with a genuinely surprising appearance that ties in rather nicely to 80's sensibility that's permeated the film.
평점: 9	리뷰: Expectations: surpassed - and they were pretty damn high to begin with.Excitement: met - after watching the teasers, the clips, and after Captain America the Winter soldier I was crossing my fingers Marvel were on a roll.Face: still trying to recover - you know when you go to the cinema to see a comedy ( a film designed to make you laugh ) and you feel like an idiot for paying for the ticket as you were forcing most of the laughter in the company of your friends? This is a film that it's genuinely easy to laugh about: The humour is so subtle because the characters are so subtle - they're not too animated, they're not too stereotypical and they are NOT what we've come to expect from traditional superheroes and THAT'S WHY THIS FILM WORKS SO WELL! Regardless if you're a Marvel fan or simply a fan of movies in general this is an experience you will welcome as it's new and refreshing to a sci-fi genre which really needed something new and refreshing and with great performances, stunning visuals and a barrel of laughs mixed with the right amount of action this was a real treat to watch.Thank you Marvel Studios.
평점: 10	리뷰: I went into this films with sky high expectations as both a fan of the DnA run on the comic and Gunns previous work as a director (Slither is awesome).The ting that baffles me most is that, as a fan of the comic, I should be pretty ticked off by the film as they have changed many things from the source material. Drax has a completely different back story and personality, Ronan is just a "bad" guy, Nova corpse can't fly etc etc.The thing is the film was just too much fun for me to care about those things. Everyone is saying its like "star wars" or "raiders" etc, in my humble opinion they're wrong. For me it reminds me much more like Ghostbusters than anything else. Not just because its more blatant in it's humor (although it is), it's because its about a group of dropouts and losers who are way out their depth saving the world/galaxy.The film truly rocks! From the great visuals, to the cool story, to the action set pieces, to the emotional scenes, to banter, right through this fully realized universe that Gunn has created.If I had one nit to pick I do think that Ronan is slightly under served due to the film having so much to do as a first outing like introduce an entire galaxy as well as a whole team of heroes. It would have been nice to have more of the history of the Xandar/Kree war to add more weight to Ronans actions but the rest of the film is that good its easy to ignore that small fault. Hopefully now they have already done most of the set up work they can flesh the other aspects out more in future Guardians films However the biggest and most pleasant surprise of all for me was Drax. Like I said earlier, he is the character that has been altered the most, he is also played by a professional wrestler (who haven't had the best track record for producing acting talent) and in the heaviest make up out the bunch. I thought he was going to either suck or be the weakest link by a long shot but no, he flat out gets some of the biggest laughs in the film and some of the most touching scenes too, no spoilers but there's a bit with him and rocket towards the end that made my "hay fever" play up.Going to see it again on Wednesday and cant wait for July 2017 so we can do this all over again!
평점: 10	리뷰: I entitle my review A New Hope as I walk out of the cinema feeling like I have just watched the Star Wars of our generation!As a huge Marvel fan (both comics and film) I was delighted to hear this film was getting made with the perfect choice of Guardians and what a perfect cast to play them. The biggest surprise for me was Dave Bautista who I thought was only cast for his size but his delivery was spot on for Drax. Chris Pratt was hilarious whilst still excellent at delivering some of the films most emotional scenes.CGI in this film was super, there's nothing I hate more than too much CGI in a film but it was so good in Guardians that I was completely lost in it. Never have a seen space look so good, the battles were incredible and Groot and Rocket never looked out of place (aside from being a tree and raccoon).Gunn is the perfect director for this, his tone, his balance of comedy, action and emotion blended perfectly and directing GOTG would have been no easy job. DC are still trying hard to get Justice League going, Marvel just made a film with a talking tree and Raccoon and it was AWESOME!!!Not a bad performance all round and comic fans will be happy with certain nods and winks scattered throughout. Probably my top Marvel film yet, it has the fresh new feeling the first Iron Man had with all the action and humour of The Avengers. 10 stars from me, even if your not a comic book or sci-fi fan, this movie has something for everyone.
평점: 10	리뷰: I know, I know. This will incontrovertibly attract a lot of hate from die-hard Dark Knight fans, but guess what? I'm one of those who thinks Nolan is the epitome of how to make a perfect superhero spectacle. Or at least, I was until tonight. This film will blow your mind. Quite literally, it is jam-packed with edge-of-your-seat action thrills and pure comedic gold. Don't be expecting a moody companion piece like that of Nolan's trilogy, or Man of Steel. It keeps more in touch with Avengers, although it's a lot funnier and really builds upon the upcoming Infinity Gauntlet arc. The actors are incredible, matching the character developments, the dialogue and action sequences are spectacular and the visual effects should surely earn a nod come Oscar time, as I'd personally put them on par with those seen in the recent Dawn of the Planet of the Apes. The run length compliments the well-scripted pacing of the movie itself, whilst plenty of interesting secondary characters litter Guardians with an ensemble cast that has exceeded anything yet seen in the Marvel/DC movie worlds. I don't pertain to the DC versus Marvel argument, but this masterpiece alone has certainly put Marvel on the front foot in terms of cinema outings, far surpassing the very enjoyable Man of Steel and, I believe, edging out Nolan's trilogy and then some. I thoroughly recommend this for any with a borderline sci-fi/superhero love, and advise you to remain for the tantalising post-credits scene, although many of the non-comic fans might not get the references. Easily a perfect ten out of ten for me.
평점: 8	리뷰: No story spoilers, just a quick message to you that you must watch this movie.I watched the trailers so many times i have lost count. Really had high expectations and they really delivered, Guardians of the Galaxy is the best Marvel film yet. If you liked Avengers, you will like this even more. So happy this movie came.3D is not usually my choice of spending money, but this was totally worth it. This movie is just made for Imax, with 3D as a desert. The acting is superb from the main characters, soundtrack, editing and cinematography are also excellent. This is the type of movie that makes you beg for the sequel. I am probably going to watch it 2 or 3 more times. I wont say anything about story or the characters, just go and be surprised how the movie sucks you in its awesome world.
평점: 9	리뷰: It's no surprise that when Marvel's latest movie was released many, many people (the non comics reading kind, mainly) said "Who?" The comic itself has never been what you call top tier, with various incarnations having been around for decades, although the film is based on the team created by Dan Abnett and Andy Lanning in 2008, now being serviced by top writer Brian Bendis.Marvel certainly have made sure the Guardians have plenty of publicity, turning a bunch of also rans into a must see event and even having the confidence to proclaim "The Guardians Of The Galaxy Will Return" at the end of the movie. This is a company with the utmost confidence in their product, and after seeing it it's very easy to understand why.First and foremost, Guardians... is fun. After a truly heartbreaking beginning everything goes a bit daft, mixing swashbuckling sci fi action with larger than life characters, and whilst at first you may be a little puzzled, it all streamlines into a simple plot soon enough. Basically, Guardians leader Peter Quill (known mainly to only himself as Star Lord) has a plot device, and other people also want the plot device. He forms an alliance with a very disparate bunch of people who each have their own reason for helping him. To go into more detail really isn't that necessary, as all it will involve is laying out a roster of names and personal grievances, and you'll get all that when you watch the film, because if you're reading this review I will lay odds you're going to see it.The movie looks beautiful throughout, probably thanks to the thousand or so "Digital Artists" who take up a large part of the end credits. Ship design is fantastic, with many looking like they were pulled direct from a Chris Foss art book, and if you know Foss you'll know this is a high compliment. Yeah, the bad guys have dull, dark vessels with inadequate lighting (surely evil needs to see as well?) but the good guys have some sexy vessels indeed. Sound wise, it may seem odd that a 2014 state of the art sci fi movie will have a 1970's chart soundtrack, but the inclusion of The Runaways, Rupert Holmes and, of course, Blue Swede's "Hooked On A Feeling" is completely explained and rather poignant. It would be nice, too, if kids start downloading some of this awesome old stuff and finally start listening to real music (so speaks an old fart).So in a nutshell this is a very good movie. It's packed with fun and enjoyable characters, but also has it's fair share of down beats and dead beats. Top honours are fought out for between Chris Pratt, excellent and ridiculously likable as Peter Quill, and the brilliant Rocket Raccoon, a purely CGI character stuffed with attitude and some great one liners. The other main characters all do well, however, with even big bag Ronan (no, not the Boyzone one, mores the pity) being well served and very well played with menace aforethought by Lee Pace.One thing people want to know about Marvel films is what's the after credits scene like? Well, without being spoilery, I'll say two things: one, it's NOT a big reveal or anything like that, but two, it's really funny if you have a knowledge of a certain old Marvel character. Oh yeah, and you get to play everyone's favourite game in the movie - 'Spot Stan Lee'. It just wouldn't be the same without him mugging it up somewhere.In closing, "Guardians Of The Galaxy" is right up there with the rest of Marvel's cinematic output, making a clear mark by being totally different to anything else we've so far seen. It's Fun with a capital 'F', and engaging throughout. Some of the violence may be a bit much for smaller kids, and there's a bit of moderately fruity language (is 'dick' fruity still? I fall behind sometimes). That said, kids who don't mind a walking tree impaling people or a raccoon murderising people with a kick ass gun will have a blast. Big, beautiful and bad ass, "Guardians Of The Galaxy" is definitely the feel good fantasy of 2014, as evidenced by the grin still stuck to my face. All together now... "I'm hooked on a feeling..."
평점: 10	리뷰: I am going to claim their is a "spoiler alert" in this review, although the spoiler is revealed right at the start of the movie. I don't really like these type of movies, but I liked this one. It does have a bit of a "Starwarish" type appeal (I liked the Star Wars series), and there is some funny humour. The character's are unusual and they each have their own personality. The only thing that I would be critical of, is the tendency of writer's to insert "2014" slang in a movie that would not have any connection to Earth in 2014. For example, the main character uses the term "bro". And this is the "spoiler". Since he was abducted by aliens in the 1980's as a young boy, it is doubtful that he would use that term, no matter where in the galaxy he might be at the time. I know, I know...this is a small criticism, but it irks me that the writers and directors pander to the youth audience and for me it feels out of place. Beyond that, I would recommend this movie. I for one would like to see it again.
평점: 9	리뷰: Excellent movie. This is by far, the best Marvel Superhero film. The casting choices are perfect! Can't think of any actors who could play the characters on the movie. Even if you're not a comic book fan, I'm sure you'll enjoy the movie.The mixture of comedy and action is perfect! All of their jokes are funny and witty! kudos to the writers! I would like to praise the make up team of GOTG. Awesome job there.To the special effects team who made Groot and Rocket come to life. Really great job!GOTG is highly entertaining. Best watched with family and friends! To be honest, I nearly cried after watching the movie.Hats off to you sir James Gunn.
평점: 10	리뷰: OK, just got back from opening night. Let me first say that I was hugely disappointed at the audience turnout. I wasn't sure if I was even in the right theater. I did have to wait in a line outside the door before the movie doors opened, but let's talk about this line: 10-15 people. NO! That is no typo. And this wasn't 1 hr+ before the movie started. It was like 15 minutes before. It was mostly nerds and dorks but still, what's the deal? Anyways, let's forget about those that decided to stay at home and miss out on this blockbuster! I will first say that I am a HUGE Zoe Saldana fan. In fact, I would marry her even if she punched me in the face. I can't really tell if I like her as Gamora or Neytiri. Hard to pick! Anyways, this movie will satisfy any Marvel or Sci-Fi fan. The action is definitely there. The visuals are second-to-none (which is saying something given it is 2014 and many movies these days are just CGI by default.The story is simple but it keeps you interested from beginning to end. The casting was excellent. In fact, Batista may have broken the curse of WWE stars being busts in the movie business (cough Cena cough Rock...) There is an after-credit scene but it is nowhere near as epic as X-Men Days of Future Past.Overall, this is definitely the movie to go see this summer if you were going to pick just 1.While I gave X-Men Days of Future Past a 10/10, I'm giving this a 9/10.Solid overall and I predict it will make plenty of money to warrant a solid sequel.
평점: 10	리뷰: I'll admit, when I first heard that Marvel was doing a Guardians of the Galaxy movie, the only thing I could think was "Really?" in a rather disappointed tone as if Marvel had lost their mind. After Iron Man, Iron Man 2, Thor, Captain America, The Avengers, (yes) Iron Man 3, Thor: The Dark World, and Captain America: Winter Soldier, they green lighted a GotG movie? What were they thinking?Then I saw the first trailer, and it caught my interest, but I still just couldn't picture it. Not along side the greatness of the previous Marvel movies. It just didn't seem like it would be a good movie to me. I couldn't conceive of what possible plot they could have come up with for a move with a raccoon and a tree.Then I saw the fourth trailer on iTunes and got rather excited. From the fourth trailer, I started to have hope. But the big problem with having hope in a movie you know nothing about is that you can get that hope dashed...quickly.But I bought my ticket anyway, giving Marvel the benefit of the doubt. After all, perfect track record so far. If anything, it wasn't going to completely suck. That much I knew.First part of the movie before the Marvel logo actually tugged at my heart. Then the part after the credits had me laughing so hard I instantly knew this was going to be a perfect movie. And not a single moment of the movie disappointed me. I laughed and I laughed, and I was excited, and I grew more excited, and I laughed some more. It was the best time I've had at the movies in years. It has been forever since I left a theater that excited to see a movie again. And I plan to see it many more times. Thank you, Marvel, for giving me a new favorite movie.
평점: 10	리뷰: When I first saw pictures and the announcement of Guardians of the Galaxy, I was like "Wow Marvel Studios is going to have their first dud"... then I saw the trailer and my mind changed. After seeing some amazing trailers and hearing that the critics are all gung-ho about the film, I purchased my tickets in advance to see it a day before release - in 3D (which I rarely do).The movie works so well that it reminded me of the first time I saw Star Wars when I was a kid... more like Empire Strikes Back - since I remember that as a kid. There's a sense of wonder, you want to explore the world, and most of all you want to go along side Star Lord and these quirky rag tag misfits, which one is a tree and another is a smart-ass raccoon (who might be the best part of the film).This film is a block buster that's done really well and highly entertaining. This film also serves as a tie-in with the other Marvel films and if you look carefully enough you will see a bunch of references throughout.Overall it's a fun, quirky sci-fi film that works great on so many levels and the 3D also adds to it. Hopefully it does well as the theater I was in was 10% full. Go see this, it's up there as one of the best films of the summer.
평점: 7	리뷰: If you're like me you were surprised by the great reviews for this movie...for about a second. Sure it was an unfamiliar Marvel property but then again, it's Marvel Studios. They haven't had a critical flop since their start in 2008. I knew I would enjoy this before seeing the movie. It felt like it was directed by Joss Whedon.First of all, there's nothing to worry about as far as action and special effects go, so let me get that out of the way. The CGI is fantastic. I didn't expect much going in, but given that 90% of the characters in this are either motion captured or CGI completely (i.e. Rocket Raccoon) there should've been obvious blemishes or shortcuts taken with the visuals. I didn't spot one. Groot looks completely lifelike and none of the CGI work obscures his facial expressions.Yes, it is sad in the beginning and towards the end. This is a comedy, sure, but there are plenty of laughs as well. I was in a full theater and the audience was laughing hysterically, even at some of the corny humor. I expected the Rocket Raccoon to be annoying as hell but even he cracked me up with his cruel, dark humor. He was such a guilty pleasure, the farthest thing from a Jar Jar Binks. The story gets told as adequately as it needs to when it needs to. Without spoiling anything, a group of space thugs just needs to get a hold of a certain object before a sea of galactic goons retrieve it for an evil sorcerer. That sorcerer, by the way is nearly immortal and far too powerful for the Avengers to handle. The Guardians have got this one. Stuff gets complicated, and plenty of battles and personal scores to settle ensue. This is another standard Marvel formula with the plenty of room for originality and imagination, which it takes full advantage of. There is plenty of character development, for each Guardian. This is done first and foremost and is established firsthand to the action, which there's already a plethora of. But the movie never skips a beat in its emotional resonance. There's always some personal stake going on for each character with every action sequence, and this happens for EACH character. It's impossible not to feel for them as they each deal with their epic fight or collective battle or bar brawl. For them it's always personal, and you always feel it.Anyway I like to keep these short, and I've already failed at that, so I'll end here. Basically, just go see this movie. If you've seen Avengers (I mean who hasn't) then you know exactly what to expect. James Gunn follows Joss Whedon's style at every turn, and if something were to somehow happen that prevents Whedon from directing The Avengers 3, Gunn would be the man for the job. Marvel has hit another home run.
평점: 9	리뷰: Guardians of the Galaxy 10/102 Straight hours of pure perfection! Guardians of the Galaxy was, how to put his...the Greatest Marvel Movie Yet! It's definitely my favorite Marvel movie for sure!Characters - The Characters in this movie are absolutely lovable and great. Chris Pratt as Star Lord. Chris I swear is the next big Hollywood star I guarantee it. He was in the LEGO movie and now this. He's also going to be in Jurassic World. Chris plays a thief and he is flawless in the movie. Gamora was a good character to. She's a Assassin and a fierce warrior. Drax's character was OK but I liked him. He played a really fearsome warrior. Rocket! Oh my god Rocket stole the show. Rocket is so awesome on screen all the time and also sometimes so adorable. You can not hate Rocket, he is just pure awesome. Groot was a very lovable character too, he was very heart-warming and powerful in this movie. The only character I do have a bone to pick with is Ronan. He honestly was kind of a lame looking villain, but he really didn't bother me during this movie.Plot - The plot worked out pretty well. The length of this movie was perfect and everything that happens in this movie entertains you. There is no break from pure fun in this movie throughout the movie you are going to smile.Comedy - My god this movie was hilarious. This movie has humor shot through the movie at perfect times. You will laugh a lot in his movie and that's a really good thing.Emotional Stuff? - This movie actually had a lot of heart and emotional scenes on it. Like a lot. I didn't except it but it happen. And it's good emotion it's emotion that makes you feel good. I haven't seen a Marvel movie with so much emotion. This is what makes this movie so much more unique than other Marvel movies.Action Sequences - the movies action scenes were just fun. Just fun. You will watch this movie having the time of your life with these awesome action scenes. The movies fight scenes are really interesting and some of the violence and destruction that happens in the movie looks super cool.Effects - The movie's space effects are so cool. There's a lot of really good cgi that actually made the film look beautiful. Every shot from the movie is a poster you could hang on your wall. Fantastic effects!Pros -Great Cast Hilarious Humor Plotted Out Well Beautiful Effects Great Action Sequences The Good Tyoe of Emotional SequencesCons -None! Heck yah!Overall - so overall...go watch Guardians. N I'm serious get off of your laptop or whatever your using to read is review and just go buy tickets to see Guardians of the Galaxy, because Guardians of the Galaxy deserves a 10/10 from me and a (A+) Guardians of the Galaxy is the summer movie you'll be loving the most!
평점: 10	리뷰: What a surprise! A movie that lives up to it's own hype. So many movies look good on previews and then you find out the previews were better than the movie. This movie wins, hands down.Now, it's not an intellectual film, so don't expect anything deep. It never pretended to that type of film, though. It promised action, and followed that up with a sly sense of humor, and then more action, and it delivered on those promises. That in itself sets it apart from most films out there today.In this film, a young boy is whisked into space, and becomes a mix of Hans Solo/Indiana Jones (the fact that they are both played by the same character seems odd in comparison). He is scavenging worlds for valuables on a bounty system. He gets into more than he can handle with his last assignment, and ends up with just about everyone hot on his trail.There is a green assassin who wants his treasure, and then a talking raccoon and his tree buddy that are turning him over to other outlaws for a bounty. Last addition is a muscle bound psychopath who only wants to kill. This motley crew will form the Guardians of Galaxy, and take on the responsibility of saving billions of lives. It's quite a ride...and there are laughs and some tears thrown in for the mix. A great mix.The only reason I don't go to "10 out of 10" is that there wasn't enough difference between the characters. You have a thief (Starlord), and then you have a person who specializes in killing people, the green skinned assassin Zamora....no...wait, the specialist in killing people is Rocket the Raccoon...oops...no, wait, it's Groot....oh...maybe it is Drax the Destroyer....hmmm....seems to be the biggest occupation in the group. So, a thief and four really tough guys who murder people form the group. It's still a great group, though....just a little more diversity would have been nice.Worth the price of the ticket...but sneak in your own popcorn!.
평점: 9	리뷰: So I watched this movie because it's Marvel, but I don't know a single thing about the backstory. And also for the good-looking Karen Gillan and Lee Pace (who definitely do not look good here but more like unrecognizable). At first, it is really confusing. Not until halfway through the movie did things start to fall into place. Here are the few reasons why you should watch this movie. 1. Groot. He is really cute but also good at fighting. I reckon he will be as popular as Minions soon. 2. Rocket. He is also cute and really funny with all his puns. 3. Drax. At first you find him irritating. I think he looks like Jeremy Renner (hawkeye). He deadpans a lot. But then he became funnier when he's interacting with Groot. 4. The visuals. I think the city of Zandar look great and all their gadgets is like "Men in Black". 5. Karen Gillan. She sounds really smooth and she looks so eerie. Somehow I think Peter's mother look like her. 6. The violence. Although this movie is supposed to be lighter and not so serious, the violence is more than other Marvel movies. Want to see a "pen" stabbing in and out of people? How about impalements? You can see them here. 7. Anti-heroes. If that's your thing, you can have your fill of them. Only Groot and Peter seems the most heroic. 8. The plot is simple. Just break out of prison and run from the bad guys and get the orb. No multi-layers of intricate plot. Things I did not really like: 1. The alien makeup kind of restricts the emotions of the face? You can't tell from looking at them. 2. Zoe Saldana always plays the stoic action girl like Colombiana etc so it gets really boring. And no idea when did Peter fall in "love" with her. I'm like in Avengers there is no obvious "love". To conclude, if you like simple, funny movies, just watch this. This is the best kind of simple, funny movies. I like these kinds of movies too so I'm quite satisfied with it.
평점: 10	리뷰: Just got home after watching this in the theater.I can easily say this is the best blockbuster of 2014 so far and in the Marvel Universe, this is movie that finally matches and surpasses The Avengers. Avengers 2 just found real challenge.Marvel is going to be remembered in the movie history, years from now, as the company that attempted something very difficult: a series of movies that are all woven together, in an epic scale.The one thing that I noticed the most: I couldn't take out the big smile from my face for the entirety of the movie. This is not a comedy, the screen writing, the direction, the acting, they all worked like a very refined piece of delicate machinery to deliver an action packed story that is not overdone in Michael Bay or Rolland Emmerich style and still portrays a galactic story of epic proportions while not taking itself too seriously. The combination couldn't be better.The characters all work extremely well together. This is the classic story of the group of underdogs that come together to form a team. Something like The Avengers but without a big organisation like SHIELD to bring them together.Chris Pratt was delightful as the leader character. He is the Luke Skywalker of the new generation. Witty, practical, jack of all trades. Zoe Saldana is the Leia of this generation, not a princess in distress but a woman of the 21st century, strong, smart, focused. Rocket and Groot are the new Han Solo and Chewbacca, while the Milano is the new Millennium Falcon. Drax complements the team with muscle and confidence. A fantastic team.Lee Pace must be in everybody's radar. I didn't hear much about him, but after Thranduil in The Hobbit, then Joe MacMillan from Halt and Catch Fire, and now as a very competent Ronan, the Accuser, he scores well. Ronan is not in itself a very compelling villain, knowing that he is just one step behind to get to Thanos (and by the way, Josh Brolin as Thanos was superb), but it works rather well. We're getting closer and closer to the Infinity Gauntlet. Can't wait to - I don't know - 2020 to see the end of this epic Thanos saga.it's been 37 years since Star Wars. We didn't have anything close to it. Guardians is the next best thing ever since. This is science fiction done right. Can't find enough adjectives to qualify it. Don't hold back and just go see it, you won't regret one bit and you will end up wanting some more.
평점: 8	리뷰: When guardians of the galaxy was announced many people didn't know who they were(me too).After this tho,I think everyone will know who they are.The story follows peter quill and how he mets the other guardians (groot,rocket,gamora,and drax)and their first mission together.The story was very good and fits great with the other marvel movies and what is coming.The humor plays very great even when there's drama.The acting was also great by everyone.Everyone fit there roles.The villain Ronan was okay,not as Great as Loki but he wasn't the worst.Every guardian was so interesting,you feel like if they had there own solo movie it would be very interesting.Of course the character that stand out the most was rocket(Bradley cooper). Every joke by him was always on point and very funny.Another plus was the soundtrack.Every song was just so good.It fit the story. I think everyone can enjoy this movie.it says it's pg-13 but do be careful if you bring your children because there is a lot of bad language.There is a post-credit scence so stay for that.
평점: 9	리뷰: Guardians of the Galaxy (GOTG) is an enjoyable, nostalgic Space Opera Comedy from Marvel Studios based on the comic of the same name.Peter Quill,the hero of the story, comes across as sort of a more vulnerable man-child hybrid of Han Solo and Indiana Jones. The film is full of epic space dogfights, brawls and chase scenes and the pacing of the film never "lets up". When the movie does slow down the comic relief is sharp and entertaining. Not jaw-achingly hilarious- but definitely chuckle-worthy and light.My expectations going into the theater were high with this flick, as they always are with any Marvel Studios property, so I have to admit that I was hoping for a little more from GOTG.That's why I gave it a score of 8/10. Very enjoyable, good soundtrack, plenty of laughs but just missing that 'x' factor to take it to 9/10 and above my 2 favourite films of the year so far : "The Grand Budapest Hotel" and "The Edge of Tomorrow".
평점: 9	리뷰: People of planet earth, the guardians of the galaxy are here and ready for action! Now now children and middle aged adults who are probably hooooooked on the comics. Be jumping and joyful because you are in for a treat! No more imagining them in a book! Welcome to world of Marvel and what it has become of Hollywood! Grab a bucket of popcorn and a drink, you are in for a ride. CGI in this film surpasses it's predecessors with flying colors. LITERALLY. The music soundtrack will take you back to the 80s pop and soul if you like that sort of thing.... Ahaha. And the mix match of all the characters was brilliantly put together. Very few plot holes and goooooood character development. -And oh did I mention you get to meet the great and powerful T.....- Well you'll see. Feast your eyes of many galaxies and great outerspace action and sorta love sorta awkward moments as the hours pass by! From right off the get go we get it started. Now it's your turn, go see it fellow nerdians. Fellow comiconians. Fellow Marvelians. You will not be saddened one bit, OK maybe a little. Nahhhhh who am I kidding. GO SEE IT
평점: 8	리뷰: This is flat out the funniest Marvel movie to date, and the most daring property they have brought to grace the silver screen. It takes the Marvel universe from strictly earth heroes to thugs, thieves, and assassins that are forced into becoming heroes. Upon announcing the film would go into production last year, I was very worried that it drastically shift the current tone of the universe and in return not bring enough audience into the theaters to see the film. Well I was wrong on both fronts. The trailers sold it as a space epic that doesn't take itself too seriously. Which is exactly what it turned out to be. Films that are self aware are smartest. Plus when a film has a talking raccoon who shoots rockets how serious can it be? The cast was absolutely perfect. Chris Pratt is a star who has some of the best comedic timing in the business. Zoe Saldana is as BA as Scarlett Johansson is as Black Widow. Dave Bautista was a pleasant surprise as Drax for a wrestler turned actor. And how can I forget Bradley Cooper and Vin Diesel as Rocket and Groot respectively, who by the way steal the entire film. I was pretty surprised at how little some of the supporting characters were in the film though. Glenn Close, Djimon Hounsou, John C, Reilly, and Benicio Del Toro were basically cameo roles. I did think Ronan was pretty one note and a typical superhero villain. Much like Malekith in Thor, Ronan lacked relatable characteristics and wasn't nearly as charismatic or intimidating for that matter as I would have liked.The whole film looks beautiful but I will say I would have liked to see more of Xandar and it's people. The people in this galaxy never look like the next person, which does throw you off a little bit. Like I said, this is one of the strangest superhero movies, and movies in general that I have seen. Id like to think I know a lot about Marvel characters but there are so many characters in this film that I had no clue who they were. So for the general audience, it may seem a bit too distant from other superhero movies for their liking.For as great as each of the guardians were and how many great one liners there were between the 5, I don't think there's one big action scene that I will remember from this movie. The film itself is most definitely memorable but with these big superhero movies you always think of the action scenes. With Avengers it's the assemble scene fighting the chitari. With The Dark Knight it's the truck flip. With X-Men it's Magneto hovering with sentinels. And with Man of Steel it's the Smallville fight and the neck snap. Guardians will be remembered more for it's great laughs which is fine, but it's something to improve upon for round 2.So overall I really enjoyed this summer blockbuster and it's quite the movie-going experience. I think it can be enjoyed by virtually anyone and the great thing is you don't have to have seen any previous Marvel movie to understand the plot. I brought my girlfriend, who hadn't seen a single Marvel film to date and she had a blast with it. I am sure I will be seeing it at least one more time. By the way, I was stunned they went the route they did with the after credits scene.+Funniest superhero movie to date +Brings Marvel to the cosmos! +Groot and Rocket are incredibly charming and lead a perfect cast +Self aware+Everything looks beautiful +Memorable soundtrack -No defining action sequence -Ronan was bleh 8.7/10SECOND VIEWING 9.0/10
평점: 9	리뷰: The Marvel enterprise has been practically saved by Disney as it's become more structured, more organized, more successful, and less prone to ill decisions since the buyout from the House of Mouse. Love or hate them, Disney knows how to draw up profits from any smaller company----just ask Pixar. And Guardians of the Galaxy is pretty much the assertion that the Marvel universe and comic book movies are here to stay as they took even one of the more obscure and pulp cult hit comics and transformed it into a big budget hearty fest of entertainment.Guardians of the Galaxy is a film that works but should not work because of the content and the heavy tongue-in-cheek humor, as well as containing a cast that hardly has the appeal of an Iron Man or a Captain America. For crying out loud, we have a regular joe, a tree, a raccoon, and a condensed version of the Hulk amongst the main characters. The comic book it's based on is meant to be a Scott Pilgrim type of cult hit that engages with a specific niche audience, but I assure you that it stands perfectly on par with the other Marvel films without overkilling itself.What mainly allows for newcomers and veterans to the franchise to warm up to the characters and the premise is the major focus on character development, fresh script, and also providing a beautiful blend of sci-fi action and rambunctious humor that dances along the PG-13/R line. Although the diehards were probably hoping for Disney to truly let this movie get unleashed, they should be satisfied with the fact that this movie is definitely the dirtiest, rowdiest, and most gutterball of the Marvel bunch. James Gunn holds very little back as we see plenty of dark humor sprinkled on nearly every scene.The outstanding cast also allows for the movie to flourish. Chris Pratt (Peter), Bradley Cooper (perfectly voicing Rocket), Zoe Saldana (Rising up the sci-fi queen ranks), Dave Bautista, and even Michael Rooker (small role, but steals the show as one of the antagonists) portray their characters perfectly without missing a beat and intertwine themselves with the heavy amount of special effects without any issues. The production value here is top-notch as we've come an extremely long way from 70s Superman.If there is something that Man of Steel (ugh.....) has proved, it's that special effects should not be the main hull but the icing of the cake. James Gunn does a fantastic job by giving everyone their moment to shine and allowing the audience to root for them. Unfortunately, Marvel still hasn't really given us a great villain outside the lines of Loki within the past decade, as we have several throwaway villains here that don't have much screen time or much personality either. Luckily the heroes and anti-heroes are far too much fun to watch to make up for the dullness coming from the evil side.Disney/Marvel has quietly revolutionized the film industry by providing us a yearly dosage of films that are connected heavily amongst each other by putting them in the same timeline. It almost makes for a required viewing of each Marvel film in order to be caught up and anticipate the next major blockbuster. So in other words as long as Marvel plans on using the dozens of heroes within its repertoire and maintain it in the same universe, they will not run out of movie ideas for at least a couple decades.Guardians of the Galaxy may have been a cult classic comic book with a quiet history. But thanks to a great script, great cast, and great direction and production value, this new franchise will fit and blend perfectly with Iron Man, Thor, Captain America, and whatever else Marvel decides (and is legally allowed) to throw in between Avengers movies.
평점: 9	리뷰: Just to start, I went into this movie with above average expectations, this movie completely exceeded my expectations!!! First off, casting for this movie was pretty much perfect. Chris Pratt was perfect for Peter Quill, Zoe Saldana was great as Gamora, Vin Diesel only said three words and he was one of the best characters, Bautista was probably the weakest character as in personality but he was still great, Rocket Raccoon played by Bradley Cooper stole every scene he was in. Everyone coming out of that movie will be a Rocket Raccoon fan. As the movie it was the best Marvel film by far, Avengers doesn't compare to the greatness of this movie!!! The story of how they all got together in the first place was probably my favorite part of the whole movie, hearing their back stories and seeing how they became the Guardians Of The Galaxy was amazing!!! Also, not spoiling the after credits scene, it was funny and had a cameo that some people might not get. Overall I haven't walked out of the theater the way I did in a long time. I will probably see it again, and I will definitely buy it on blu-ray the second I can. I recommend this movie to any and all human beings that like enjoyment.
평점: 10	리뷰: With Marvel Studios latest movie, they have gone to the bench to highlight some of the lesser known corners of their comic book universe. In many ways, you could almost say that Guardians of the Galaxy is Marvel Studios throwing down the gauntlet, proving that when it comes to their movies at least, their distinguished competition is completely in the dust. Guardians of the Galaxy is not so much a superhero movie, but is more a space opera/sci-fi western in the vein of Star Wars, or more accurately, Firefly. The story follows Earth born Peter Quill, who was abducted by aliens as a child, and has spent his life since, traversing alien worlds as the outlaw Star-Lord. Following an opening sequence a little reminiscent of a sci-fi Raiders of the Lost Ark, Quill discovers a mysterious orb that just about everyone in the galaxy seems to be after, but why? The answer to that question leads Quill to team up with a ragtag group of quirky misfit outlaws, including a gun-toting raccoon, named Rocket, and a talking tree man, who all work together to save the galaxy from the villainous warlord, Ronan the Accuser.If the above description does not tickle your interests, then don't go to see this movie, but if it does, then you'll enjoy just about everything that this movie has to offer. Without traipsing into too much spoiler-filled territory, this is a fun movie from start to finish. You will be laughing almost non-stop. This is quite possibly the funniest Marvel movie to date, and perhaps the funniest movie of the year, period. Rocket Raccoon is almost certain to become one of the new favorite Marvel heroes, because let's face it, when you have a talking raccoon voiced by Bradley Cooper, who also happens to have short man syndrome, magic happens.There is just a lot that is charming about Guardians of the Galaxy. There is a nice dose of action, a ton of laughs, and a little dash of emotion there to tie everything together. Of course, the main thing people always want to know is if this is the best Marvel movie ever? I don't know if I would go that far, partly because this movie doesn't have the added benefit that The Avengers had, having had five movies prior to set up all of the characters, rather than having to set them up and then bring them together in the course of two hours, but when Guardians works, it soars. Plus, I have a feeling that when we finally reach The Avengers 3, this particular chapter in the Marvel saga will be one of the most crucial in understanding what's at stake in that particular adventure for Earth's Mightiest Heroes.I give Guardians of the Galaxy a 9 out of 10!
평점: 10	리뷰: I remember being one of the select few of being a bit overly excited hearing that Guardians was about to get their big screen debut. Yes, I knew it was a huge gamble. Honestly, it was a win-win situation for them. (If it was good, then MCU could bring ANY character to life. If it was bad, it was a lesson learned; pair them up with The Avengers, like in the comics, and continue on). A lot of people weren't thrilled about this, but I kept my hopes high.Last night, I was able to catch the movie on the night of July 31st. HOLY CRAP THIS MOVIE DELIVERED!! I loved everything about this film! It had everything. It was hard for me to dislike any one on the team (though Rocket and Groot were the stars of these "losers"), Star-Lord, Gamora, and Drax...hell even Yondu was nice. One thing I REALLY liked that had a bit of an advantage over The Avengers was that they all sacrificed for each other. They grew into a family the more and more the film developed. The ONLY gripe I had about the movie was I wish Thanos was just a TAD bit more in here. Ronan was cool, but just didn't hit a home run (maybe got to 3rd base, but nothing past that). What more can I say about this? Easily the first 10 giving out from me in a LONG time. You will laugh, you will cry/have that tear in your eye (never thought I would say that for a Marvel film, but...), you will even find yourself dancing! Stay for the end credits (duh), sit back and enjoy the nostalgia!! I wish I could have given this higher than a 10....
평점: 10	리뷰: Let me just start by saying I'm a huge fan of the Marvel Universe and all of the previous films and I always get excited for the prospect of a new marvel universe film being released. However this one was different, having seen the trailer a few times it just wasn't ticking any of the right boxes for me and I felt like for the first time I could be disappointed by a Marvel Film.However this was not the case, this film will leave you mesmerised. I don't even know where to begin first off the sound track is immense and the acting is first class, the film itself is jam-packed with action from end to finish and it's also filled with pure comedy gold. The last time I went to a cinema screening and heard so much laughter must have been The Hangover which is an amazing testament to this film which isn't even billed as a Comedy on the IMDb genre listings.The film's main character is Quill, an unconventional hero to say the least who we get introduced to when he attempts to steal a special orb that is wanted by the evil Ronan. When he ships an assassin, the green skinned Gamora, to recover the orb, the pair find themselves in the Kiln (Prison), along with the most suspect bounty hunter a loud mouthed raccoon and his muscle which is none other than a walking limited talking tree. You manage to learn a lot about the characters throughout the film and develop feelings for them and understand their struggles and want to see them succeed.My one piece of advice for any movie fan would be to go out of your way to see this film! It really is a serious contender for film of the year and I can give a 100% guarantee that it will break into the IMDb top 250 by the end of the month.
평점: 8	리뷰: After watching every marvel feature film as of recent times, including all captain America, iron man, Thor and avenger movies, I must say that guardians of the galaxy is a breath of fresh air!It is the perfect combination of drama, action, comedy and coolness! Each character lends perfectly to the team, rather than trying to dominate it (as you see in a way with avengers) and also gets to tell a bit of a story with their background and allows you to relate and connect with them to understand how they got to be who they are at the time of the movie. While I haven't seen the actual comics for these characters, from a movie point of view, I felt each character had enough depth and would be well received by different demographics in the audience - i could hear the laugher from the rest of the crowd.The other thing that was great if you are a fan of the marvel movies is the links to its other films and other random things. While I can tell you how amazing the action and graphics were - which of course they were since its a marvel film..! It was at the subtle little hints that gets thrown around regarding other characters and story arcs in the marvel universe! Featuring a decent case - and Bautista can actually act! I've got to say that this is definitely up there with one of the best marvel films to date!!
평점: 10	리뷰: If you like action, humor, cheesy jokes that will leave you breathless. If you enjoy watching people excel into who they are meant to be in a way never before expressed on screen, or at least presented in a manner that will keep you at the edge of your seat. If you love quirky events that move slowly that no person can accomplish without the art of digital enhancement. If you enjoy seeing people get confused by metaphors, and out of this world puns. Guardians of the Galaxy is the movie for you.I just watched this film, and it blew my mind away. Was it the best movie I have seen so far? I honestly don't know, judging movies that way is not my style. I can tell you one thing though, I have never witnessed a phenomena of movies brought together. A successful transition from comic, to movie. Not just one movie, or one comic series, but a whole universe brought together simply because someone had a vision of greatness. Not to mention Stan Lee's cameo was great in this film.I had the pleasure of watching this movie in an X-Motion seat, also known as D-Box. D-Box is a chair that will move during the duration of the film, at least during the action scenes. I've seen a few movies in this seat ranging from Man of Steel, Journey 2, Transformers, Lucy, and Star Trek: Into Darkness. None of those movies were worth the price to watch in those seats. But Guardians of the Galaxy, this movie people, is worth every cent just to watch it in those seats. This movie is worth checking out. I can't promise you will like it, or love it. But you will never know.Go, immerse yourself into the mystery promised by the cut scene shown at the end of The Avengers. I don't make movie reviews that often, but just go see it. And Slap your face at the out of this world puns you will find within.Mr. Flare out.
평점: 9	리뷰: Peter(Pratt, playing it like a mix between Han Solo and Marty McFly, likable from the get-go) steals a coveted orb, and intends to nab the reward, until he eventually realizes that it's too powerful, and has to be kept out of the hands of religious fanatic Ronan(Pace, terrifying, psychotic, driven), or he will commit genocide.Our unlikely and reluctant hero meets others like him(they fight at their first encounter), and these scoundrels(there weren't enough of those in the franchise) form an uneasy alliance, gradually connecting with each other and becoming selfless and heroic. Bounty hunters Rocket(Cooper, angry, bitter, smart), a cyborg raccoon(!) and Groot(Vincent eh, or: Diesel, putting a lot of emotion into three words, naïve, enthusiastic, a big lug with a huge heart), a giant, sentient tree(did I mention this came out of the Silver Age? It's a Saturday Morning Cartoon every step of the way, and gloriously so). Assassin Gamora(Saldana, sultry, deadly, moral) trying to break away from adoptive father Thanos(Brolin, with all the gravitas that requires with only a short appearance, he's not the main villain see above he makes a real impression), and "sister" Nebula(Gillan, sadistic because of her intense jealousy borne from their sibling rivalry), who hunts her down. And Drax(Bautista, who does remarkably well for little experience everyone, character and actor, is solid), essentially Conan(the barbarian, not the O'Brien) of space, who wants revenge on the bad guy for his murdered family... or possibly aforementioned, since she worked with himThere are too many elements in this(groups, people, allegiances, motivations), and the scope and abilities of some of them is a little difficult to get a proper grasp on, but once you let it sit, probably after the end credits(which you must stay through!), it does all come together. Somehow it splits the focus and time fairly equally between them, if it only hints at, and doesn't explore. This is amazing from start to finish. Everyone has something to bring to it, in action, drama, humor, etc. This is a stand-alone that takes place in the same universe as the Avengers films, and you can go into this with no knowledge of those, or the comics it emulates and is based on. This takes inspiration from Star Wars and Indiana Jones, and lives up to the standards set by those classics.There is some violence(it doesn't push the PG-13 as much as other recent entries in the genre) and a little strong language in this. I recommend this to anyone who enjoys big, fun Summer blockbusters. 10/10
평점: 10	리뷰: Having read the comics I am proud to say the movie did it some justice. A few minor flaws here and there, but overall a respectful nod to a relatively unknown comic. Chris Pratt as Peter Quill a.k.a.(Star Lord) stole the show. This character is bound to blow up in popularity. Rocket Racoon was also an amazing sight throughout the film. Congrats to Bradley Cooper for bringing the character to life. I know I know Hollywood must make likable characters, but having Drax and Gamora be so friendly was an obvious let down. As well as Drax the destroyer getting his butt kicked by everyone! Ronan the Accuser was also annoying to me for some reason. I don't know if it was Lee Paces facial expressions throughout the movie, but it ended up being adequate due to the film being about the group development rather than the Villains. Another flaw, which was also minor was the unidentifiable character Korath, which looked nothing like the comics.In summary the film is full of excellent humor and action unlike the crap called Iron Man 3; and Easter Eggs for all the comic book fans. It did not take on a serious tone like in the Winter Soldier, but it was better for it. The film helped you learn who the characters were, as well as,left you wanting more. Star Lord! Star Lord!
평점: 8	리뷰: I went to watch this in the Liverpool IMAX, which I have to say is the only way to watch this film and it turned out to be one of the best films I have ever seen. It has everything, one of Marvels best films. When I first heard about this film I did not know what to expect,I have read the comics but I didn't expect them to produce it so well. In IMAX it will literally blow your mind, I was captured from the beginning of the film and it was just none stop action, it has funny bits in it as well which had be laughing out loud. The effects in the film were outstanding, the story line was well written and the acting brilliant. The one liners in the film had me in tears, totally made the film for me. Each character was picked perfectly from the handsome,sarcastic and incredible cheeky Peter Quill (Chris Pratt) who happens to find a band of unlikely friends to take on Ronan. There is the all out sassy and master assassin Gamora (Zoe Saldana)a rather small but incredibly angry raccoon by the name of Rocket (Bradley Cooper) and his rather large and all round nice guy and bodyguard Groot (Vin Diesel) who is indeed a walking & semi talking tree man and how could I forget Drax (Dave Bautista) the tough guy with massive vendetta. I would defiantly watch this film as soon as possible and you will not regret it, a brilliant film and again one of the best if not the best film I have ever seen! I am going to watch it again soon!
평점: 8	리뷰: This movie is pure popcorn entertainment. I loved this film, it's probably my second favorite film, behind Captain America: The Winter Soldier in the Phase 2 of the MCU. Chris Pratt leads the film with great comedic timing and snappy one-liners in the role of Peter Quill/Star-Lord. He's a very likable jerk/noble/con-man. He is the leader of these unusual bunch, and does a commendable job of bringing this group together and united to fight for whats right. Zoe Saldana is great portraying Gamora, showcasing she's somewhat conflicted, also she's not as cold and heartless like her sister Nebula, greatly portrayed by Karen Gillian. Dave Bautista brings out the best of Drax, full of honor and also full of ego. Now the two stars in this film are Rocket Raccoon and Groot, respectively voiced by Bradley Cooper and Vin Diesel. I guarantee that everyone(mostly everyone) will fall in love with these characters. They are basically Han Solo and Chewbacca. They're very lovable and have the most memorable moments. Both actors bring such life within their vocal talents. Action sequences dazzle and are pure eye candy, as well as the visual effects. The film is paced very well and very fast, but at times it can get overwhelming, and a couple of action sequences can be dragged out a little. I absolutely ate up Lee Pace's performance as Ronan. It was over the top, corny, and deliciously evil. He held nothing back, he was aggressive and he knew what he wanted. The only problem is that I wish he was just a little more fleshed out. I wanted more of Ronan, he is by far one of my favorite villains so far in the MCU. I was disappointed to see him "die," but I have hope that someday he'll make his return. Djimon Hounsou has a relatively small role as Korath. I would have also liked to see more of him as well. He was kind of a throw away character. Glenn Close, John C. Reilly, and Benicio Del Toro both have a small supporting role, but their roles do serve a purpose for the plot, where as Hounsou does not, especially if he plays a supporting character along the lead villain Ronan and Nebula's side. What James Gunn does very well is managing humor and providing real moments for all the characters. The core five are fleshed out more than I expected and are not two dimensional, therefore as an audience member you're able to go on a personal journey with them. It's not overdone, but there is just enough for you to care about all these characters. Again, I just wish there could have been more Ronan. This is Marvel's Star Wars. That may be an overstatement, but it truly is. It's filled with fun humor, fun action, and dazzling visuals. Also with some nice tender character moments. Can I also mention the awesome appearance of Thanos voiced by Josh Brolin. It was worth the wait and I can't wait to see more of him in the future. What Kevin Feige and the rest of the amazing crew at Marvel are doing are so impressive. They took a property like Guardians of the Galaxy, cream of the crop C or D-Listers, and speared them into an A or B-List territory. Props to them, these guys care for the source material(except Iron Man 3 lol) and really know what they're doing. I attended San Diego Comic-Con for the seventh straight year and their presentation at Comic-Con as always is great, Avengers: Age of Ultron and Ant-Man footage both looked incredible. I truly believe, for anyone who is a Marvel fan, we have been spoiled by them. Anyways go see this film. IMAX 3D is also very good, if it's not the fake IMAX like in some AMC theaters. As always stay after the credits, there's a humorous scene involving a certain duck. 8/10
평점: 4	리뷰: What would you think if you saw a raccoon, a walking tree, a scarred wrestler, a green skinned woman, and a lazy intergalactic thief? To the general public, you would probably think this was the stupidest and most ridiculous idea to be put into your head. However, to those that are fans of comic book lore, it sets you on a path to excitement as Marvel's latest creation is released into the theaters. Yet this late in the summer does the superhero flick still have the same spark, or have we been served a lackluster filler until the next Avengers film releases next year? Read on to find out. Let us start this review with saying that Guardians of the Galaxy will not disappoint. The incredibly fictional team of anthropomorphic aliens brings a lot of diverse aspects to a series that has been rather consistent over the last few years. Stepping away from the heroic images of rock hard abs and blaring percussion music, the protagonists in this film are your run of the mill vagabonds of the galaxy. This fresh hero image is hilarious, and sets the stage for the humor that fills this movie. That's right you heard me, Guardians is filled to the brim with laughs of all kinds using the ridiculous character designs as a foundation to make you scream out in delight. In particular is the raccoon Rocket (Bradley Cooper), whose wild, enigmatic edge comes out in full force. Rocket is a feisty little cyborg animal, whose pent up rage leaves him with a short fuse that leads to explosions of cursing and well timed insults that are so amusing coming out of a little animal. Cooper does a great job with his voice acting, using the right balance of emotions to give us laughs and yet not overdo it to get annoying. This may also be because of the character design, but the casting made the right call getting the talented man the role of the raccoon. Yet the furry little rodent isn't the only source of humor in this movie, but the rest of the cast provides some other quips and treats. Chris Pratt is the same egotistical idiot he plays so well, though this time trades his mindless, dribbling shouting for some well-written dialog. Zoe Saldana is the femme fatale, whose gorgeous looks guide the group along the adventure. While not the funniest of the bunch, Saldana's acting is spot on, and her character plays off the others to provide some awkward relationships and a few zings that had me chuckle. The large and in charge assassin Drax (Dave Bautista) is surprisingly funny, mostly due to his literal take on every single thing the rest of the crew say. Combine that with well timed execution of his lines and you have a good mixture of fun, though his action scenes are surprisingly lacking and simple. Even Vin Diesel's animated avatar Groot has some laughs, despite saying five words the entire movie. Like an infant, Groot tends to put himself in situations that are harmful, often relying on others to bail him out and apologize with his catch phrase "I am Groot" that while simple, is again delivered at just the right times. Yet as the adventure continues, the lovable tree alien does many other things that will have you laughing, many of which I don't wish to reveal to avoid ruining the movie. My preceding paragraphs state that this movie has a lot of humor, but what about the action. In truth, Guardians of the Galaxy is not as much hard hitting, fist slamming, mystic weapon slinging that we've seen in the past. No Guardians instead puts a bit less slashing and more laser blasting explosions into the mix, allowing for an adventure that feels like part Marvel, part Star Wars, and part Independence Day. Many movie fans will be picking up references from Star Wars over the course of the movie, with tweaks to the scenes here and there to avoid copyright infringement. While this may lack some originality, the creation team did a nice job balancing the action with the comedy, giving us just enough fighting to quench our thirst before an exciting conclusion. Well exciting for the most part anyway, the ship-to- ship battles were my particular favorite, and the infiltration scene was rather good. Unfortunately some of the epic build up fails and becomes anticlimactic fighting that was merely an attempt to get their money's worth. In particular, the villain Ronan (Lee Pace) was not that threatening, but more so a pompous windbag who merely spoke loud and carried a big stick. Sure he had a menacing glare, but he spoke more than he acted and had little skills in the art of fighting, especially when you compare the size of him to Drax. Maybe that was the point; maybe the lack of edge was to go with the comedic theme of this film. Yet it was still a little disappointing to me, though the ending did make up for it. Despite the lack of seriously threatening villains, Guardians of the Galaxy was well worth the wait. The blend of comedy with action is incredibly entertaining, and the cast of characters bounces their styles off one another to keep you laughing with a well-written dialog. Add in the nostalgia of geeky science fiction and retro movies and you have a fun adventure to fill the superhero gap from this summer. Of course there is some dark and mature themes in this movie, especially with some of the cursing, but this movie should be okay for kids as well. So go have some laughs, enjoy the special effects and make sure to stay after the credits for another classic scene. My scores for this flick are:Action/Adventure/Sci-Fi: 8.0 Movie Overall: 8.5
평점: 9	리뷰: The best actor was a tree being with a three word vocabulary. The lead actor's character is basically playing Stifler in Space to the extent that he even looks like Seann William Scott. Why not cast Scott instead of someone who is obviously still learning how to act? The dialog was weak and often inconsistently assigned to characters. Although the beginning was decent, I quickly lost interest when a hooded bad guy spoke and sounded exactly like Star Wars' Darth Sidious. Then a huge bad guy showed up with a face that looked exactly like Hell Boy. I read several reviews that said this movie was hilarious. Seriously? The second half of the movie must have been a real hoot, because in the first hour (before several of us in the audience left), I chuckled once. I cannot understand why there are so many positive reviews for a movie that, although contained decent special effects, was riddled with horrible acting and worse writing. If I had $170 million dollar budget, I could have made this much more entertaining, and I'm not good at nothing. They got my $8. Hopefully, they won't get yours too.
평점: 9	리뷰: This was a most unexpected difference type of movie. The story telling aspect was pretty good. I was a bit worried that the comical parts of this movie would water it down. This was not the case here. Oh yea I found music type to be interesting. It had that old school feeling to it. I like stuff like this. Of course these elements show up in other parts of the film. As from what i can see they fit nicely into the surroundings. It brings some thing familiar to me.It held its own very well with the cast and the way the characters played out their roles. It kind of had that Avengers Type feel but with less restriction. I like wildcards cause you never know what they will do. It was moving,interesting,very funny and exciting over all.
평점: 10	리뷰: "Guardians of the Galaxy" must be the perfect summer blockbuster film! Coming from Marvel, home of the angry and angst-ridden superheroes, "Guardians" breaks tradition and was a breath of fresh air with its super-entertaining fun all-out comedy. Peter Quill (Chris Pratt) was abducted by a spaceship led by the blue- skinned gang lord Yondu (Michael Rooker) when he was a small boy. 26 years later he is an inter-galactic outlaw self-dubbed as "Starlord". When he steals a mysterious metallic orb, he attracts the attention of an evil lord named Ronin (Lee Pace). Quill gets together with fellow inmates a smart-ass raccoon named Rocket (voiced by Bradley Cooper), a tree creature with a 3-word vocabulary named Groot (voiced by Vin Diesel), a musclebound simpleton Drax (Dave Bautista) and a sexy green-skinned warrior Gamora (Zoe Saldana) to protect the orb, which contains a powerful destructive material called the Infinity Stone and turn it over to Nova Prime (Glenn Close). I have not seen Chris Pratt act before but he is very good in both his comedy and action scenes. I thought he was able to pull off being the lead of this song. It is interesting to note that he Pratt also voice the lead character Emmet of "The Lego Movie" one of the best movies this year so far.Save for the dramatic opening scene, the rest of this film is riotously funny. I really enjoyed the infectious soundtrack with huge and catchy 1970s hits like from "Come and Get My Love" and "Hooked on a Feeling" to "Ooh Child" and "I Want You Back." This was so much fun. Worthy to watch again, even in IMax.
평점: 10	리뷰: I was very pleased with how whelmed I was when I saw this movie. I had very high expectations for it, and it delivered on all fronts. I honestly did not expect there to be so much comedy involved throughout the whole thing, but they went that route and it definitely paid off. Although, I will admit there was a bit of clumsy dialogue when it came to introducing the characters. As I expected, the movie picked up and we got to the real meat of the film. Out of all of them, of course, the one who stood out was Rocket Raccoon. He was meant to be the cool character that everyone loved, and he played the part very well. Even Batista, a wrestler in his first major motion picture, played off a very good Drax. I say that not knowing how Drax was depicted in the comics, but I could just tell, he did very well.Then there came our dancing hero, Chris Pratt, who is very quickly becoming a household name. I love Parks and Recreation, and I love the Lego movie, and I am proud to say that I would trade both of those for his part in this. This has to be the best we have seen him yet (especially since he so obviously bulked up for the role.) As the movie so eloquently hinted at, we will be seeing a sequel, so I say bring it on! If it was made with the intent of a sequel, I can't see a reason it would fail so have at it! I'll just sit here and wait.
평점: 10	리뷰: This was the first Marvel comedy movie I'd heard of, and I didn't know how they'd manage to pull it off. I went for the premiere on Thursday night, and I have to say that it was awesome. The movie is about an American man named Peter Quill, or Star-Lord, who finds an orb on an unknown planet. This orb is worth money which is what Quill wants. He doesn't realize that the orb contains a precious and rare gem and there are only 6 that exist. Quill gets involved with the hunt for the gem and meets many odd characters that eventually team up with him. The comedy was perfectly tied with the action in the film. Star-Lord's lines were amazingly witty and hilarious. Each character in the movie has their own unique personality which has its own type of humor. The thing that really amazed me the most was how the movie managed to put a little bit of each genre. Comedy, action, romance, adventure, and many more genres were included. This is definitely my all-time favorite movie.
평점: 9	리뷰: (No spoilers Yet)Marvels Cinematic Universe over the past 6 years has given us plenty of great quality films. However, none can compare to the brilliance of James Gunn's 'Guardians of the Galaxy'.Where do I start. The cast is amazing. Chris Pratt plays the 'legendary' Star-Lord/Peter Quill to perfection. His performance coupled with that of Zoe Saldana's role of Gamora, give on-screen chemistry like no other action adventure film. The characters of Rocket (raccoon), Drax and Groot (played by Bradley Cooper, Dave Bautista and Vin Diesel respectively) are played/voiced flawlessly, showing all elements of the comic book heroes. The villains are just as great, Lee Pace brings Ronan the Accuser to life brilliantly.(Spoilers from here down... potentially)The film isn't just fantastic actors/actresses, the story and script is perfect. If your unfamiliar with the basic idea, well a group of good guys are the only thing standing between a bad guy and the destruction of the universe.The whole film is filled with hilarious jokes and plenty of arguments which result in the team making fun of each other. The cinema was filled with laughter throughout the film, especially with Groot's signature line (only line) 'I am Groot'.(No more potential spoilers from here)Another major aspect of the film is the unique soundtrack, utilizing songs from the 70s and 80s (from the time Quill left earth) these songs add to the films comedic value and just makes the film so much fun. Thanks to Guardians of the Galaxy, i am loving the songs 'Cherry Bomb' and 'Hooked on a feeling'.In Summary, Amazing film, amazing directing and script. Story line and humor is perfect. Soundtrack is the best. Best film in the Marvel Cinematic Universe to date. Guardians of the Galaxy is a must watch.
평점: 10	리뷰: Well, sort of. Although it is very humorous, "Guardians of the Galaxy" is still, in fact, a superhero film. Thus, no matter how funny it may be, fans are going to expect certain elements out of it. Said elements include a decent story, a certain degree of action, character development, and, perhaps most important of all, a special post credits scene to show how the latest film fits into the expanded universe. This film, thankfully, meets most of these requirements and puts a unique spin on some of them.This movie does have a decent story, and it develops its characters surprisingly well. It also uses an extraordinary amount of CGI. I actually found it a little overwhelming at first, but once a person settles into the film, it makes much more sense. And while this CGI universe does better befit the movie's atmosphere, I personally wished that there had been a few more "normal" settings. I attest this to the fact that, subconsciously, I was still half hoping for a normal superhero film. Because of this, I will say that if one goes into this movie expecting something more akin to "Star Wars," the movie will feel less odd. After the first half hour, I completely bought the film. As this is a comedy, the re-watch ability of this movie rides heavily on how effective its humor is. Thankfully, the comedy works and it does not overshadow the action. In fact, it actually helps the action at some points, giving a fresh look on the superhero genre. But like all comedies, I would not recommend watching this film over and over again, or else the laughs will become ineffective. I'm not saying this film cannot be watched multiple times, but I am saying that watching this film in moderation will certainly allow it to remain fun throughout the years.While this movie can be downright funny and has interesting characters, I will admit that the villain came across as verythrowaway. Once again, MARVEL manages to concoct a great cast of heroes and even manages to flesh out the side characters well, but for some reason they just cannot seem to make their villains come across as threatening or unique in this post "Avengers" universe. This is a problem that could be VERY easily remedied, but for some reason MARVEL cannot figure it out. I cannot really give my opinion on how to fix the villain without spoiling anything, so I will simply say this. When someone goes to see this movie and compares "Ronan the Accuser" to most of the villains in the MARVEL Cinematic Universe, one will understand what I am talking about. For example, the villain needs more reason for his or her dastardly plot. These MARVEL villains just do not feel believable AS villains anymore; they do not have enough depth and eventually all come across as the same character. Ultimately, I see the "Guardians of the Galaxy" like this: it is worth going to see in theaters and it is probably worth seeing out of theaters a handful of times. But after that, I don't see this movie having as long of a lasting appeal as, say, the original Iron-Man. "Guardians of the Galaxy" is very funny, and can certainly be enjoyed by mass audiences, but the fact remains that this is a superhero film that may be a little too out there for some people. I can understand why some people will find this film disappointing, but I personally enjoyed the film, despite expecting it to be bad.Here are my ratings for this film. Comedy: 9/10. Action: 9/10. Story: 7/10. Unique take on the Superhero genre: 10/10. Overall Rating: 8.75/10.
평점: 8	리뷰: When you're making a film set in an enormous, ever-growing series, like the Marvel Cinematic Universe (MCU), there are high expectations for the movie to be just as good if not better than the last, as well as expectations of how the movie will be structured. In Guardians of the Galaxy (GotG), Marvel's first true attempt at bringing their lesser known characters to the MCU, the expectations are most definitely met if not exceeded and the final product is one of the most entertaining superhero movies of recent time.As a new property in the juggernaut MCU, GotG had to carve out its own identity and boy did it ever. Unlike the films before it, 'Guardians' drops almost all of the seriousness that superhero fans have come to expect in favor of a much quirkier and humor-filled take. Expecting long, epic and emotional speeches? Well, there are, but they get interrupted by hilarious dialogue over and over again. There is, without a doubt, a large catalog of thrilling action sequences, but it's the way that the humor and wit mix into the action that sets Guardians apart from their predecessors. There is an immediate contrast to the Guardians and The Avengers. The Avengers are like the New York Yankees; the seasoned, proved winners while the Guardians are the scrappy, loser team that comes out of nowhere to surprise everyone. And in reality, the addition of the hilarity and ruggedness that the Guardians bring is a much welcomed style for the MCU, and it shows that Marvel is willing to change the game in order to keep the game going for a long time.While the super entertaining humor is a new step in the MCU, the action feels right at home. It's intense, it's varied and it's a whole lot of fun to watch. The dynamics and different traits of each character adds a unique flavor to the action and it's a blast to watch. The weapons are cool, aerial combat is awesome and the visuals are absolutely gorgeous, with each new planet and area that is shown off more beautiful than the last. Not to mention the phenomenal CGI characters of Rocket and Groot, who feel just as real as the live action characters. The immediate story isn't anything too special, but it's the incredible sci-fi setting, amazing characters and the connected MCU story that keep your eyes glued to the screen for the entire 2 hour run time.It doesn't take a genius to figure out that the likes of Star-Lord, Gamora, Drax the Destroyer, Rocket Racoon and Groot don't come close to the mega-stardom surrounding Iron Man, Captain America and co. when it comes to sheer popularity. However, I have a wonderful feeling that this new set of heroes are going to make their names known across the superhero world. The extensive and expanding well of acting talent continues to pile up for Marvel. Chris Pratt, Zoe Saldana, Dave Bautista, Bradley Cooper and Vin Diesel join the Marvel family and play their respective roles to near perfection. Star-Lord is cocky, daring and skilled and his constant humor blends with his awesome combat skills to make into a Tony Stark-like character. Gamora is a lethal assassin with a heart of gold, while Drax is a ruthless killing machine with little tolerance for anyone who gets in his way. Then there is the fantastic duo of Rocket and Groot; both animated characters, but brought to life with outstanding CGI and tremendous voice acting. Rocket is easily the most talkative of the group, with a high temper, hilarious sense of humor and expert tactical and mechanical skills. Bradley Cooper's voice is like a match made in heaven for Rocket and all of the dialogue he has proves that. On the other side of the mic, you have Groot, who may just go down as being the most underrated and lovable character in the entire MCU. His vocabulary may be limited to "I and am and Groot, exclusively in that order" but his actions more than make up for his lack of words. Groot is the soft-hearted one, and his character, voiced by Vin Diesel himself, easily reminds me of another animated character Diesel voiced, in the Iron Giant. He's selfless, more than friendly and will risk his life for others. But when he has to be, is a deadly warrior. There is a Han Solo/Chewbacca feeling to this duo and while they may be a talking raccoon and tree, their presence will undoubtedly be felt throughout the MCU.On the villainous side of things, main bad guy Ronan the Accuser is a vicious, if at times underwhelming character. His power is far superior than any one Guardian, but this power is quite limited during the film. Other than the nerd-gastic reveal of Josh Brolin as the overlord Thanos, the evil side of the movie is largely untapped potential, yet still entertaining. There was a small lack of character development and back story for most of the characters, but with an ensemble cast of new characters, there's only so much room to dive into back story.When all is said and done, Guardians of the Galaxy can be summed up into one word; fun. Walking out of the theater I wasn't over-thinking the overall MCU plot, I wasn't thinking about small details that could've been better, I was thinking about how much fun I had, and having fun while watching a movie is something that doesn't come along too often. Guardians of the Galaxy has proved to me that Marvel can do anything they want and succeed, and that even applies to the surprising after- credits scene. It's been 6 years since the launch of the MCU, and even with something as fun, wacky and new as this, Marvel still reigns as king of superhero movies.9.5/10
평점: 10	리뷰: I have a soft spot for movies that take themselves with tons of levity and still do it properly. That is, while not regarding themselves with undue seriousness, still make the movie with the required amount of professional approach. Guardians of the Galaxy are topping the list on these accounts. The pace is relentless, the characters are "out of this world" (and you can take it as literally as you want). Acting is first class the plot is not as important (hence the 8 rating) but just like it worked in the R.E.D. movies, it works here. Nobody cares how much sense there's to the development of the narrative when watching it is so much fun. And as a native of the previous century - the inter movie jokes are super - written and delivered perfectly. This one may be an 8 rated movie but it feels like a 10. After watching a few great movies last month that for all intents and purposes felt like a medicine against feeling too happy, I sure liked the change.
평점: 10	리뷰: The characters were great, the action scenes were pretty much non stop and the CGI was mind blowing! The post credits scene with Howard The Duck was totally unexpected and has left me wondering how it will tie in with the next movie... Does Howard join the Guardians? Or maybe the Avengers in Avengers Age Of Ultron? That said, this movie was worth ALL the hype! Action, a bit of romance, some sad scenes and plenty of stuff being blown up! Such a twist at the end to find out that Star Lord was in fact part alien himself, his father being an ancient powerful being... wonder who that might be.. All in all, it is worth every dollar spent and every minute in the theater!
평점: 9	리뷰: Star Wars for today's generation. And maybe even a little better than that because it is just packed with such fun that I haven't experienced in cinema for a long time. Marvel has outdone themselves once again. Marvel and Disney have been worried that this film will be a financial failure but I haven't been in such a crowded theater since the start of the year.This origin story of this band of misfits starts out with an emotional scene, then the tone changes into this Indiana Jones in Space adventure, then it deliberately makes fun of itself and at last all these tones merge into one and the film keeps this tone for the whole length of the film. When it needs to be emotional it is, when it needs an action scene peppered with humor you get and action scene you haven't seen before. Everzthing in this film works except maybe the main villain. He isn't very menacing but you have so much fun in all the other aspects of the film so you are happy to overlook these details. Plus Ronan The Accuser serves just as build-up for a much greater threat.Every character steals every scene they are in. There is no way you will be able to pick your favorite character because in every scene suddenly all of them become your favorite. Chris Pratt has turned over a night into a household name all thanks to Marvel and his charm and likability. Before he served as a professional goof ball but I don't think that will be the case anymore. He shows such a wide range -switching from comedy into action/adventure or a quick-witted scoundrel. Zoe Saldana has established herself a long time as the go-to-action actress and once she shows why she has earned that. She can be sexy, funny and kick ass all in one moment. Dave Bautista is a real surprise here as the warrior taking thins way too literal and therefore his actions and dialogue end up as some of the funniest in the entire film. Bradley Cooper has tried to make his voice unrecognisable as the Rocket Racoon and he has created not another CG animated character but a character from flesh, blood and fur. His cynical, gun-toting maniacal raccoon will surely end up as the fans favorite but as I have stated before all the characters get the same time to shine. Groot, a sentient tree with a limited vocabulary is the most innocent of all of the members of the team.James Gunn had to abandon his dark humor and frankly a little weird for the mainstream audience but what is more than obvious is the enthusiasm that this film was made with. In every shot you can see the filmmaker who finally got the budget to realize all his dreams and ideas and so he stuffs into this film, all those shots and camera angles of his dreams are all here. The film is therefore such an amazing ride which sucks you in for 2 hours and then spits you out and you will want to go and see it immediately. It's that kind of a movie.This is the film that all the teenagers are going to be talking about when they are 30 years old in the same way the Star Wars generation talks about that experience today. The whole Marvel Cinematic Universe is a history in the making which I am sure will be talking about for a long time. The choice is yours if you want to go and see heavy intense drama disguised as a summer blockbuster go see the Dawn of the Planet of the Apes . But if you want a self-referential light-hearted fun go see the Guardians of the Galaxy. It is one of the best films you will be able to see this year.
평점: 7	리뷰: "So here we are: a thief, two thugs, an assassin and a maniac. But we're not going to stand by as evil wipes out the galaxy."Before I actually get into the review of this film I want to get me emotions out of the way first. All the wait and the hype for Guardians of the Galaxy was finally over and I was not disappointed for one second. This was exactly what I was looking forward to and what all Summer blockbusters should feel like. It was a fantastic experience with great action sequences, interesting characters, and hilarious dialogues with plenty of pop cultural references. I actually enjoyed the comedy more than the fantastic action scenes and found this to be the funniest film of the year. It kind of builds on what Whedon did with The Avengers, but I think James Gunn took it to another level and delivered a rare superhero film that I actually wouldn't mind revisiting over and over again. Although more than a superhero film this seemed like it belonged to the Star Wars franchise, and I felt like a geek all over again. I was blown away by this despite some minor issues and I would rank this as the best Marvel film to date. It was fresh, witty, cool, and despite having many characters they all get sufficient screen time and a distinct personality of their own. Seven months into 2014 I can say this is my favorite film of the year so far just ahead of X-Men Days of Future Past. This was purely entertaining and had some wonderful performances as well.Before this film I had no prior knowledge of this comic so you can imagine how pleased I was with the way each character was introduced and how easy the story was to follow. The film has a lot of heart as well and each one of the characters have flaws which give them a more humane aspect. Chris Pratt has always been an actor that stands out in his secondary roles, but here he is given a lead role which he absolutely nails. Just like Robert Downey Jr. personified Tony Stark with incredible charisma, Pratt does the same with Peter Quill (aka Star Lord). He is irreverent and full of energy. The supporting cast is also strong. Vin Diesel and Bradley Cooper do fantastic voice work with their CGI created characters, Rocket and Groot. Vin Diesel really didn't have to say much, but the way he delivers the same line over and over again made for some funny moments. Dave Bautista really impressed me as Drax because I thought he would basically be the muscle of the film and focus on the action scenes, but his character is funny mostly because he takes things literally all the time. He was great. Zoe Saldana as Gamora was also a stand out as she had some great action scenes and wasn't just in the film to be the girl that needs saving all the time. The way these characters came together was part of the unique experience this film provided. The villains may have been weak, but I didn't really care much because my attention was on the interaction between the heroes and seeing them come together. I also want to give a shut out to John C. Reilly and Michael Rooker who provided for even more funny scenes. I wasn't really a fan of director, James Gunn's previous superhero film, Super, but I did appreciate his unique sense of humor and how different that film felt from other superhero films. Guardians of the Galaxy is a huge step forward and he really delivered the entertainment here. The soundtrack was amazing and I enjoyed how he combined that music from the 70's with this modern action film because it's not something you usually see in a movie like this. It was just such a fun experience all together and can't wait to revisit it again. It had the type of humor I enjoy and each one of the characters delivered perfect notes. The two hours fly by thanks to an excellent paced film and a well written script. It was charming and if you haven't seen it than please do!
평점: 9	리뷰: The newest addition to Marvel's movie universe, Guardians of the Galaxy is about unlikely group of space ruffians with questionable motives brought together to be the protectors the galaxy.Peter Quill (Chris Pratt) a ravager who steals an orb for an unknown buyer when the market calls. The evil Ronan seeks the orb for an unknown menacing purpose and sends his assassin Gamora to retrieve it. Zoe Saldana, who plays Gamora, is once again no longer flesh toned, but lucky for her she makes green look great too! Bounty hunters Rocket and Groot, brain and brawn respectively, who attempt to capture Quill for his bounty and get entangled in the orb's fate. Lastly there is Drax, a nippleless massive brute of a man donned in red tattoos and apparently allergic to shirts, along for the ride while seeking revenge and retribution. Dave Bautista, of WWE stardom, is a gem of a casting as Drax and the source of many a laugh and my favorite of the guardians.At first, the film works feverishly but clumsily to lay the foundation for the plot and rest of the movie. Perhaps with more care, and a few more edits in the script, the introductions would have been a bit more nuanced and maximized the effectiveness of each scene. The beginning was a bit slow moving, the action scenes were expected and, at this point in the game, cliché. Once the five guardians and hooligans team up though, it's just pure entertainment with solid action scenes. There were definitely some plateaus and lulls during the rest of the Guardians of the Galaxy (GotG) but in the end it was just plain fun, funny and ultimately very enjoyable with good unique jokes and interesting characters.Special effects guys earn their paycheck once again - in space there is a lot of body paint and prostheses, even on extras. It is weird to think how far we've come with CGI, I was never distracted and it seems like the FX team didn't spare any minutiae. But with two main characters, Rocket and Groot voiced by Bradley Cooper and Vin Diesel, being completely computer generated, every mouth movement, every hair follicle, every detail was on point and my figurative hat goes off to the entire team who worked on GotG.Guardians of the Galaxy seemed poised to lay the groundwork for an even better plot in the future - like it was a part one of a series. Don't get me wrong, it was great, entertaining and everything you want from a movie-theater-movie-experience, but I kept feeling like it could be excellent with a bit more time invested to soften the hard edges of the script.
평점: 8	리뷰: I've said it before SPACE is made for 3D. This film was a good time. I read the PARENTAL ADVISORY before taking my 6 year old who has seen her fair share of films. And documentaries. And she loved it. She said it was better then another Disney film which songs were way over played. That says a lot. This might be her best film ever. My wife also liked it a lot. I heard her laugh several times. And that says a lot.Everything about this film was so entertaining to watch. I plan on seeing it again. I think it's been decades since I wanted to stay, or get back in line to watch the film again.The fun I had just listening to the dialogue of this film alone is worth the ticket. But add action, the best special effects around, amazing sound, 3D at its best. Well it's the summer blockbuster I've waited for at least the past 10 years. Maybe more.
평점: 6	리뷰: Guardians of the Galaxy is a weird idea from its inception. When you describe even the main characters people will ask questions. It isn't easily understandable why they can't do something because the material asks much more than they can completely contain in a 2 hour film. Guardians of the Galaxy is just a fun romp.We begin our story with Peter Quill/Star Lord. We start with his mothers death and then we get to go to his space adventures. His trying to collect this sphere which many people want for different reasons that include our main villains Ronan and Thanos. We also got to see this group of crazy criminals to connect into the Guardians of the Galaxy.I find that each character is very well cast. Chris Pratt is incredible as Star Lord because he can play the silly kind of character that gets thrust into leadership and becomes the perfect leader to this rag tag group. Bradley Cooper's voice is perfect because he is really cocky and you sometimes don't even recognize him in the role. He is absolutely hilarious and you can tell that he put some real effort into the role.My favorite character is hands down Groot. Groot is something so weird and out there that I didn't know if I would like it. I thought that maybe hiss repeated line of I am Groot would get old, but I didn't get that feeling at all. He is just so well done and Vin Diesel is such a perfect voice that I can't hear anyone else in the role.If there any weak links in our hear characters, it would be Drax and Gamora. I never thought that Zoe Saldana was a bad casting, but at the beginning she didn't feel like an immediate fit, but I found that as her character developed in the film she got much better. Dave Bautista isn't a horrible casting choice, but I thought his character was really just misused until the last thirty minutes where he finally gets flushed out really well. But both of their characters still deliver some hilarious lines that you can't not laugh at him not understanding the culture of Earth.Through the source material, there is a lot to explain and I felt that sometimes they were just explaining the back story to the audience and no of this was included in the hilarious prison line up scene. I found that sometimes the story just deliberately explain what was going.Marvel again spares no expense on the special effects. This movie is beautiful and has some of the best effects in a Marvel film. It is incredible how well our two CGI characters blend with our three tangible characters without feeling like they are talking to a green screen.James Gunn really had some great direction in this film and his crazy style fits very well to this story and material. I find that the pop culture references are really fun. Sometimes I think they over stay their welcome at some points losing some of this films own identity, but they didn't get on my nerves that much.The really disappointing thing about this film is that the villains aren't really fleshed out at all. Karen Gillan has some character development and has somewhere to go, but needs some more time to get a true feel of what she is about. The main villain Ronan has no character at all and gets only like 5 minutes of screen time and only seems to do what he does because the script says he does.I find that some of the minor characters like Glenn Close and John C. Reilly don't hit the mark as well as I wanted it to, but Yondu played by Michael Rooker is a surprise treat that has a lot more to do than I thought he was going in.This story spreads thin in some spots as well as having some weak characters and mainly villains, but I laughed at a good 90 to 95 percent of the film and just had the most fun watching any Marvel film. The 5 Guardians are great and the writing defies a lot more convention than you might think as well as hiding some really cool tidbits for fans of not only the Marvel Cinematic Universe, but the Guardians of the Galaxy comic as well. An enjoyable film that deserves a 3.25 out of 4 stars.Now I want to hear from you. Have you seen Guardians of the Galaxy? Are you going to check it out? Comment below and let me know. Thanks and remember that I love nerd movies and I am an addict.
평점: 10	리뷰: Marvel's blockbuster formula has time and time again proved to generate massive mounds of money, so why change it? This is my primary problem with Guardians of the Galaxy. It follows the same formula of others in the Marvel cinematic universe but it fails to add it's own distinctive personality to the trade. While a lot of elements in 'Guardians' feel very polished; from the well-crafted action sequences to the witty dialog it cannot shake the overwhelming stale feeling left by the films the proceeded it. 'Guardians' just doesn't feel original.The story of Peter Quill and the formation of the other Guardians is predictable and full of typical blockbuster cliché's but this is not to say that it isn't fun. At times, the tale can be thrilling, and almost engrossing, but it all amounts to feel like I've seen this before. Many of the scenes feel directly ripped out of other films it resembles, and this results in the overwhelming feeling of deja vu.With all this said, Guardians of the Galaxy can be a lot of fun, just don't go in expecting something spectacularly original.
평점: 8	리뷰: Special effects, CGI, Humor, Excitement, Sadness, Friendship, Action, Freshness, Pacing, Lovable Characters, Thrilling! This movie had it all! Rocket and Groot will go down in history like Han and Chewy! My favorite scene was the prison escape. I don't want to give too much away, but if you didn't like this film you better check your pulse! Might see it again! Don't pass this one up! There is something for everyone! FYI the movie is violent and the characters are sometimes crude. Very small kids might be frighten by the villains. It was a packed house and everyone was laughing and cheering at the screen. haven't seen a reaction like this since they blew up the Death Star! Simply Amazing movie!
평점: 8	리뷰: With James Gunn at the helm i was expecting something different, quirky and smart. What i wasn't prepared for was a movie with such heart-felt emotion. You really wind up loving these characters, and rooting for them. They are truly the underdog group that really has no business being at the Marvel party table, but gosh-darnit they are just impertinent enough to crash the party and take it over with style.The 3D in this was stellar. A lot of movies aren't worth the extra price of a 3D ticket, but this one is definitely worth your time. The 3D is very well-done. Finally I have to give kudos to the one-liners. There are some great, great one-liners here that are setup well and hit home with authority. This could very well be the best movie of the Summer. Who would've guessed it?
평점: 9	리뷰: Here an unusual group of heroes get together to save the Galaxy. Good performances all around. If you liked Zoe Saldana when she was blue you'll like her green. Bradley Cooper as Rocket likes to steal things and his performance steals every scene.The movie contains a "Star Wars" Death Star type plot and assorted bad and worse guys. There is plenty of who's fighting who sci-fi action but the movie works best when it isn't taking itself too seriously. The satire provides many light moments.Don't worry if you can't keep track of what's happening as there is plenty of dialogue exposition to tell you why, where and what the heroes have to do next.The movie should be enjoyed on the big screen with big sound. If you stay through the lengthy credits you'll get to see a cameo by a little remembered character from a flop movie from 1986. A big box office assures we will see more of these Gaurdians of the Galaxy.
평점: 8	리뷰: What a great surprise. I'm a huge comic/Marvel fan and I have to say this one was one of my favourites. I really wasn't sure what to expect with this movie but instantly it takes you on an exciting, funny, space joyride. The characters were well built, the special effects and 3D couldn't be better and the story left you wanting more. Rocket Raccoon (Bradley Cooper) was obviously my favourite, but Star Lord (Chris Pratt)was a great choice to lead a great team, he had the perfect balance of humour and awesomeness! If your looking for a great movie experience Guardians of the Galaxy is a must see for all. Congratulations Marvel you've done it again!
평점: 10	리뷰: Short Version: Peter Quill AKA Star Lord, played by Chris Pratt, recovers an engraved metal orb from a barren planet. Said orb contains an infinity stone and Ronan, a renegade Kree, is after it so that he can wreak havoc on the galaxy. Quill hooks up with Gamora, Rocket and Groot, and Drax while they are in prison after a scuffle for the orb. The patchwork team works at first to sell the stone, but then later they try to keep Ronan from destroying the planet Xandar using the stone's power.The film has great visuals and plenty of action, but the acting and dialog flag in the first half. That's not to say the movie is awful, but there are some cringe-inducing lines sprinkled about. Zoe Saldana and Dave Bautista are the major culprits with acting that gets pretty bad in spots, but they pick it up in the second half of the show.On a more positive note, the film plot is solid and there are snappy scenes with dialog that is spot on. Bautista's acting and lines are awful in some bits(see above), but in other scenes he gets Drax's literal interpretation of language and the comedy that results just right. Rocket and Groot are another source of laughs, with Rocket's sourpuss snarkiness holding up well as he translates Groot's three word vocabulary. Chris Pratt delivers a good performance with dialog that edges on cheese, but the joke is that the character knows it and lays it on thick.The film also contains comic book action, so extra suspension of disbelief is needed in some scenes. Pratt goes outside in space in a couple shots and only suffers a minor chill. Saldana is blown up in a spacecraft and floats in open space as well with no ill consequences. Science purists will likely grouse, but the film is about superheroes doing super deeds in a fantastic universe.Verdict: The writing is intelligent with just a few rough acting patches, and the action is great. And there are high quality gems in the dialog between the characters. Although Bautista's Drax has some of the poorer line deliveries in spots, he drops genius dialog in other scenes. Overall, the film is well worth buying a ticket to see.
평점: 10	리뷰: Marvel has done it.Year by year, movie by movie, they've built up a universe with their main Avenger characters so engaging and entertaining that every new film crushes box office numbers and critic reviews alike. But this time, they've push their limits even further.They took The Guardians of the Galaxy – a collection of characters nowhere near their top tier roster – and not only made a movie worthy of the Marvel universethey may have made THE BEST MOVIE in the Marvel universe.Let's go a step further – Guardians of the Galaxy might be the best movie you'll see this year. Period.It's a bit difficult to pin down Guardians of the Galaxy as just sci-fi, because it blends so many other elements. This movie is WAY FUNNIER than you thought it would be, and at the time same, way more emotionally gripping than you were ready for. The casting is damn near perfect. Chris Pratt, Zoe Saldana, and Bradley Cooper are all home runs. Dave Bautista does surprisingly well. Vin Diesel repeats the same 3 words for the whole movie, and still steals your heart away. Karen Gillan is terrific. Michael Rooker is an absolute joy to watch, in a role that I thought would have been a terrible fit for him. The only short fall you might find is Lee Pace as Ronan, this movie's main villain. That's not to say that he does a bad job, but it's very possible that Rooker and Gillan's also-villainous roles just steal some of the spotlight from Pace. Let's talk about the soundtrack. Outside of the orchestrated pieces, Guardians is purposely heavy on 80's cheesy-pop music. The music – specifically, the songs on Peter Quill's "Awesome Mix-Tape" – are Peter's only remaining link to earth, and serve a dual function. Not only does the music serve as an emotional tether to Peter's past, but it gives the audience a very grounding effect on the grand scope of space. You'll be flying from planet to planet, viewing spectacular backdrops, but the music will make you feel as if it's all normal, the way Quill has become comfortable in space. The soundtrack is truly an unsung hero of this movie.Quick notes: - The action isn't the best you'll get out of a Marvel flick, but the space fights are terrific. (You might even say a bit Star Wars-esque.) - The movie looks good graphics-wise, but 3-D isn't entirely necessary. - The ending is fantastic. - Of course, stay through the credits. But be warned – the final post- credit scene probably has nothing to do with any future Marvel movies. It is, however, a huge nod to the comic-savvy fans out there.Guardians of the Galaxy is one of the reasons we still love movies. Marvel wins the summeragain. 5 out of 5 on the BDBOS. GO SEE IT!(Hey guys, thanks for checking out my review! If you enjoyed it, perhaps you'll enjoy my humble little page over at facebook.com/TheBDBOS. Movie news and reviews, screening giveaways, cake, and more! (The cake is while supplies last.) And we're in the midst of expanding - like and follow the page now! Then you can be one of the cool kids and say "yeah, I was up on BDBOS before it sold-out and went all mainstream on us..." Stop by and say wussup! And thanks again for the read!)
평점: 9	리뷰: Don't be fooled by my review.Guardians of the Galaxy won't help you achieve enlightenment, fall in love or lose weight.Especially if you're the chick who sits beside me, crushing a popcorn tub singlehanded.But if you're looking for a great movie this weekend, you won't find anything better on the big screen. Guardians delivers what it promises, and more.That being said.As is always the case with Marvel Studios productions, some won't enjoy it. Guardians isn't part of the superhero genre, however.It's science fiction. None of the characters are 'superheroes.'Technically thus comprises the ragtag band: one human, two aliens (one genetically enhanced), one anthropomorphic raccoon and one humanoid plant.It belongs in the intergalactic genre; the same barrel as Star Wars and Star Trek.If that sounds displeasing, you may be in the same boat as the douchey dude two seats down from me.The opening scene's a tearjerker, and I'm 'swept up,' so to speak.It takes place on Earth and involves nothing extraterrestrial. At the emotional climax he speaks."Is this when the raccoon shows up?" Douchey Dude asks the Popcorn Vacuum.Not only is it unfunny and in bad taste, it's illustrative of his mindset. He's completely unwilling to buy in.His wrap-up comment post-viewing is, "It was all corny."If he's so above it, why go in the first place?I try to avoid personal yarns but am endlessly astounded by the behavior of other adults. If you can't let yourself enjoy the movie, then don't go see it.James Gunn, the writer/director is just a great guy. He's been on the Adam Carolla Show twice recently. He's enthusiastic, intelligent and wants to do the sequel if the first is received with public favor.In his latest appearance on Carolla's podcast, Gunn claims they cast Chris Pratt as the lead when the actor was out of shape. But it's clear Pratt got physically fit by the time shooting rolled around.Zoe Saldana is the queen of science fiction. She plays a major role in both of the more recent Star Treks and wears similar makeup in Avatar. Saldana's phenomenal as Gamora, and you can tell she does a lot of her own stunts.Plus she's enchanting. It's odd how lovable she can be with all that makeup on.Bradley Cooper is almost unrecognizable as the voice of Rocket, the raccoon everybody's been talking about. As per the usual, Cooper's great.This is Vin Diesel's second voice-over role as a humanoid being. Not only is he the voice of Groot in Guardians, he's also the robot in The Iron Giant (1999).Karen Gillan's performance is particularly noteworthy. She's a Scottish actress who's quite prevalent in Doctor Who, and played a role in last year's Oculus.Gillan's terrifically menacing as the bionic woman. She's creepy and evil and fits the tone of the movie perfectly. Hopefully we see more of her in the future.It's overall a balanced, vastly diverse cast of characters. The sum total of which makes for a well- acted movie.Guardians does a lot of things right. The writing constantly defies convention and satirizes common sci-fi themes.For example, when the heroic outlaws ask for help from the authorities, it's a relief to see their call's considered, rather than immediately dismissed.Much like the humorous discussions of plan creation, Guardians masterfully navigates clichés.Location and contextual details are presented in a cool and efficient fashion. Digital readouts accompany interstellar approach shots of planetary environments as the perspective transitions between settings.The shooting, editing, cinematography, music and score are all impressive. I think it's time we retire "Ain't No Mountain High Enough," from all future soundtracks, though. That song belongs to Remember the Titans.Despite some overcompensating laughter in the theater, the humor is strong and consistent.Although the end credits leave much to be desired, the opening credits are informative and wildly entertaining.There is a lot of action, both hand-to-hand and aerial combat. It's well choreographed and thrilling.I wonder what percentage of the on-screen material is CGI. It must be upwards of fifty percent; but it all looks realistic.My only criticism regards the scene after the credits.It's a major disappointment if you don't understand the reference. I'm almost twenty-five and although I've heard of it, I'm still outside the joke.If the reference is slated toward an audience older than me, why can't this movie be rated R?I know all the answers to my question; they're just infinitely dissatisfying.And I was hoping for something that gets us looking forward to the sequel.Regardless. It's a tiny failure in an otherwise remarkable film.Guardians of the Galaxy is cute, thrilling and fun.It's everything we can ask from PG-13.
평점: 10	리뷰: Guardians of the Galaxy don't take itself too seriously, and that's good. It imitates pitilessly 80's B scifi movies avoiding to mock them too much. Big production budget guarantee, that the movie looks great and there is visual for at least for two movies. 70's and 80's soundtrack brings suitably nostalgic. Guardians of the Galaxy is fresh breeze against all current comic filming. There is enough of good humor and stunning visuality. 3D works well, but as so many times before it won't use enough. Guardians of the Galaxy is eye candy to all who enjoys space action movies. At the end of the movie there is a promise of the sequel. I hope they honor this movie and avoid too cliché humor, good script is needed. Guardians of the Galaxy is entertaining, visually stunning and truly funny comic adaption, which won't let you down.
평점: 9	리뷰: This movie is unpredictable...if you avoid the many movie clips that is. It is heartwarming. Yes. It has action. Yes. They also mixed in a lot of comedy and adventure. It has a little romance...very little. It is well written with great special effects and so it is really easy to recommend to the PG-13 movie crowd.I intend to buy it the second it comes out.Marvel and Disney are going to make a ton of money on this excellent film. It is the best of all the Marvel films they have done. I state that not owning one comic book or reading anything at all about this characters.I hope they start working on the sequel as soon as possible...and that they keep the same writers and the same director.
평점: 10	리뷰: I think that I am going to start this review by saying that I cannot believe that the writer/director of a stinker film like Movie 43 actually also had a hand in writing and directed this film. James Gunn has completely redeemed himself, because Movie 43 was one of the worse films I have ever seen. Guardians of the Galaxy had a great story line and the acting was comical with non-stop action. Peter Quill (Chris Pratt) is a galaxy scavenger (thief) who goes around collecting stuff that other people have commissioned him to acquire. That being said, he acquires an orb that apparently is very valuable to a lot of people. This sets up the film and the adventure begins. Rocket (Bradley Cooper) and his sidekick Groot (Vin Diesel) are some sort of bounty hunters and soon discovers that someone will pay a lot of money to bring in Peter (and his orb). During the film, the only words that Groot knows how to say are "I am Groot", but somehow Rocket has learned to understand him by his inflection rather than his words. This makes for a very endearing relationship. Gamora (Zoe Saldana) volunteers to get the orb from Peter and the evil Ronan (Lee Pace) agrees to let her go. The initial scene when all of these characters finally encounter one another was very funny and you kind of get to see what all of them are capable of (as far as fighting ability goes). Drax (Dave Bautista) joins the group shortly after the initial meeting. At first Drax is very self-absorbed and really has his own agenda (pretty much like everyone else), but soon comes to realize that the more the merrier (or whatever). The making of the sequel is already scheduled for 2017. I imagine that we will find out who Peter's father was because that is really the only cliff hanger in this film. Stan Lee made his usual cameo appearance as an elderly playboy (really?). Hell, I guess when you own so many characters you have the right to be whoever the heck you want to be. I recently downloaded an app called "Run Pee" which tells you when the best time to go to the restroom is during a movie. The app said there is no good time for this film. Maybe while they are running the credits, but come back because we all know how marvel does it. Great film!!!
평점: 10	리뷰: Wow, just wow! Marvel Studios keeps churning these films that keep making superhero movies to be among my favorite types of films. Marvel has now added to that again here with one that I had a blast watching, Guardians of the Galaxy.In 1988, young Peter Quill is living on Earth and his mother passes away. He runs off but is abducted and then raised by Yondu (Michael Rooker) and his Ravagers. 26 years later, Peter (Chris Pratt) is now traveling around the galaxy, stealing things, living life, and prefers to be called Star Lord, until he steals an artifact and is stopped by Korath (Djimon Hounsou). Although he escapes, Korath calls on Gamora (Zoe Saldana) to retrieve the device. When Star Lord, tries to sell it, he is ambushed by Gamora and a fight ensues. This attract a pair of bounty hunters, Rocket Raccoon (voiced by Bradley Cooper) and a tree-like humanoid named Groot (voiced by Vin Diesel). However, they are all stopped and imprisoned together. While in prison, the four meet Drax (Dave Bautista), who first wants to kill Gamora for her association with Ronan (Lee Pace), who killed his family. Star Lord convinces Drax that is not the case as Gamora has betrayed Ronan. The five all team up as they are wanted for the orb they have.James Gunn direct and co-wrote this film and has done a spectacular job. Gunn has done a great job of telling us a story, showing us who these characters are, and keeping us interested in what is going to happen next. Gunn and his co-writer Nicole Perlman have done some great work at giving us this story of a group of heroes, but different from The Avengers.Chris Pratt hugely stands out in this film as Peter Quill/Star Lord. While I have highly enjoyed his roles from Parks and Recreation, The Five Year Engagement, and Delivery Man, he shows a completely new side to his acting with this role. Here, we are not seeing the hilarious slacker or best friend like those other roles. With this part, Pratt shows that he can carry a film and shows that he can have a dramatic side too. The next standout surprisingly to me was Dave Bautista as Drax, the big muscular prisoner who joins the Guardians to first avenge his family, but becomes a respected member. Zoe Saldana is great as Gamora, who antagonizes at first, but joins Peter's Side. Bradley Cooper is a riot in his part voicing Rocket Raccoon. I also enjoyed Michael Rooker as Yondu, who seems to want to murder Peter. I also enjoyed seeing Benicio Del Toro, John C. Reilly, and Glenn Close in each of their brief roles.On the technical side, there are so many spectacular things to praise. First to stand out is the visual effects in this film. Next is the production design as it shows a lot of creativity and many interesting set pieces. The makeup is very well done. I also enjoyed the cinematography by Ben Davis, and the music by Tyler Bates.I had a fun time watching this film, and would be happy to see it in theaters again. Marvel continues to show their excellence not just in superhero films, but films overall.
평점: 8	리뷰: "Guardians of the Galaxy" is easily the most exciting and pleasant surprise of the year. Personally, I was hooked the minute I saw the preview which gave us hints of the fun coming our way. Fighting over a walkman, mocking the superhero's name, and that irreverent raccoon. Of course, there's no way to dislike anything Zoe Saldana does, and there is much, much more to love here.This movie appears to be paying homage to a few science fiction classics, particularly the original freshness and humor that made "Star Wars" such a legendary title. Star Lord joins forces with some impulsive characters and try to stop the evil forces from grabbing this magical and powerful sphere that can alter the universe.It's hard to describe the film. It suffices to say that it's an exciting ride from beginning to end because it has action, some sensational special effects, killer funny lines, introduces terrific characters that come across as sensitive, human, and heroic. There are beautiful spaceships, and everyone is literally and figuratively having a blast.You will laugh, be moved, root for the various heroes, never get tired of the "one-line" tree man. The voice work by Bradley Cooper is as good as Robin Williams' deranged Genie in "Aladdin", and can anyone complain about having Glenn Close and John C. Reiley in the same movie? And to be top everything there is the terrific scene at the end of the credits.
평점: 8	리뷰: Maybe the impressions are too fresh since I've walked out of the cinema an hour ago, but I'd say this is the best Marvel movie, and I've watched them all. Guardians does not have the superstar team of The Avengers, but has an equal or bigger scale with lots of new territory to explore. I'd vote for watching a new guardians movie over the new Avengers. The movie is rich in special effects, is fun to watch and very entertaining. Every character is unique and memorable. The universe feels truthful and solid.If you haven't ever heard of Guardians or Marvell, still is worth watching if you like sci-fi, action or comedy movies.
평점: 10	리뷰: -Guardians of the Galaxy is Marvel's newest and boldest movie about a rad-tag group of galactic outlaws who end up teaming up to save the galaxy! If that sounds cool and you think it should look like a Marvel Star Trek/Star Wars crossover than you are right! Because it rocked.-It was funny, well written, and had its touching moments with some killer action. It was SUPER funny actually. There was a lot to like and little to dislike I think.-The plot sounds absurd and you just have to go with it! If you have fun action movies like the A-Team than you won't like it. It really is a super fun story though! (Also, unlike other Marvel films) you really don't need to know anything about the story/characters at all! (Although it is not a bad idea to be caught up on some Marvel films like Thor 2) -The film has a very cliché feel and is a pretty predictable film with its conveniences, but it is still loads of fun! -The cast did well. Chris Pratt (Star Lord) nailed it and was very entertaining. Zoe Saldana (Gamora) and Lee Pace (Ronan) did pretty well, but the show stealers were Dave Bautista (Drax), Vin Diesel (Groot), and Bradly Cooper (Rocket)! The three characters were fun and hilarious and perfect with the actors! -The music was good, but not that memorable.-The effects were good. Not exactly Apes good, but good.-The content was PG-13. No nudity and not too much violence. Action and some language. It is not a young kid movie, but it is not horrible.-So Guardians of the Galaxy is not a super complex artwork of cinema, but it didn't try to be and it doesn't need to be! It is a super fun time and totally worth seeing in theaters!
평점: 8	리뷰: I went into this film with high hopes.I was not disappointed! The cast was spot on, coming from an old reader of the comic series. They introduced the Kree to the Marvel Comics Universe (FINALLY!), and every single one of the actors cast as the Guardians was SPOT ON! I am a casual fan of professional wrestling, and I am not a fan of Dave Bautista. I understand that most professional wrestlers are excellent actors, but didn't expect much of Bautista as Drax the Destroyer. Instead, Bautista acted out his role to perfection, as did every one else in the film.I honestly wasn't expecting much from Rocket Raccoon (considering he's entirely CGI) or Groot. Instead, Rocket was voiced to perfection and amusing, and Groot stole the show.There was a great mixture of emotion, action, and campy humor to make this film an icon in the Marvel Cinematic repertoire. The cheesy 70s and 80s soundtrack made the film so much better, for which I commend director James Gunn.
평점: 1	리뷰: Although I'm not a big Marvel Comics fan, I have no problem admitting that they've found a successful formula for their cinematic universe and stuck by it justifiably. After testing the waters with the "Thor" movies and "Avengers," they've fully committed to the genre and jumped into science fiction territory with "Guardians of the Galaxy."Peter Quill (Chris Pratt) was abducted by intergalactic mercenaries moments after his mother died of cancer. He grew into manhood searching the universe for valuable items to sell to different collectors of all species. After finding a mysterious orb, it seems like everyone in the known galaxy is hunting him down to take possession of it... including the evil Thanos (Josh Brolin). Quill puts together a team of misfits to keep the object out of the villain's deadly clutches.Director / Writer James Gunn has captured the magic of "Star Wars" and mashed it together with the Marvel Universe to give audiences an exciting experience they won't soon forget. "Guardians of the Galaxy" is shameless sci-fi gusto with a healthy shot of humor along the way. I can't imagine how anyone wouldn't enjoy it. The CGI work for "Guardians of the Galaxy" takes the viewer to so many unusual worlds and leaves you believing you're really there. There were a few spots that took me out of the experience, but I was sucked back in almost immediately. Everyone interacted with the CGI characters and blended well with them on screen. Chris Pratt looked like he was having a little trouble talking to an "X" in early scenes in the film, but he comes around quick enough.The 3D for "Guardians of the Galaxy" is even well-done. There aren't random items constantly jumping out at you off the screen. It simply and successfully used to give the picture depth, which is very rare. Most movies really don't make good use of it or completely go overboard. Each actor in "Guardians of the Galaxy" fully embraces the character they are portraying. You can tell they love what they're doing on screen and are happy to be a part of the ever-growing Marvel Cinematic Universe. Bradley Cooper's voice is unrecognizable as Rocket Raccoon, but definitely shows a range many wouldn't imagine the actor tackling. Chris Pratt is as sarcastically charming as he always is as Peter Quill / Star-Lord.Guardians of the Galaxy is rated PG-13 for intense sequences of sci-fi violence and action, and for some language. I found it interesting that through most of the film, the good guys use shock guns that knock out their enemies like a more powerful Taser. Of course people die, but it seems like the movie is steered in a certain way to make it appropriate for all ages. There are some sexual innuendos, but nothing graphic. The scene in the trailer where Zoe Saldana is taking off her shirt with her green back to the camera isn't even in the film that I remember. There are so many Easter eggs within "Guardians of the Galaxy" for die- hard Marvel Comics fans to look out for. I don't want to spoil anything, but keep your eyes open for a few different treats. Chances are if you blink at any given moment, you'll miss one of them."Guardians of the Galaxy" is pure unadulterated sci-fi fun! Marvel has delivered their version of "Star Wars" for a new generation. It's going to make people want more from its characters and seek out the adventures found in the comic books. I would consider it to be one of the best entries yet on the ever-growing list of Marvel movies.
평점: 6	리뷰: The Marvel team has once again given us another bunch of junk. The ever growing 'Marvel Cinematic Universe' deserves to be destroyed, and I found myself rooting for the bad guys to put the rest of the sappy characters out of their misery. James Gunn takes the helm of the fairly unknown 'Guardians of the Galaxy', much to his detriment. Unlike Iron Man, Captain America and Thor join this film as partners in grime. An unmitigated disaster, total junk, a complete waste of time and utterly forgettable. Stay home and watch Friends reruns, they are more creative and still more relevant than this unimaginative, unoriginal mishmash of plagiarized elements from other films.Ugghhhh...
평점: 9	리뷰: Marvel delivers entertainment, special effects and usually a boatload of action. But with the relative success of Pacific Rim, (and as memory dims on John Carter) Marvel/Disney is probably wondering if it's property is sometimes a bit of a trap.I understand that in the franchise world, a one off film with new characters is a ridiculous risk, and this probably accounts for why the film is so very conservative in nature. The film trades the usual minor philosophical dilemma for fairly weak humour. It is a well trodden journey in familiar surroundings, at least told with panache and great visual effects. But I must say, there is something impressive about the rendition of a tree and a raccoon, and in fact all around the effects are pushing the bounds of what we've seen before.Very entertaining, but urgently forgettable.
평점: 6	리뷰: I have never read a comic about these guys, and the only character i recognized was Thanos, still im happy to say that this has become one of my favorite Marvel movies so far, it was a intense, funny, heartwarming, gutclinching roller-coaster with amazing attention to detail. I don't wanna spoil it for anyone so im just gonna say it was as close to a perfect score 9/10 a movie of this type can get, I don't even know what to compare it to, nothing i'v seen in the past comes close to what this was, it felt fresh new and innovative! I loved it! If im gonna give it some critique, I would have to say that there was one scene in the middle of the movie that didn't really make sense to me, something about a gravity controller making guns not work, oh and the clip after the end credits kinds got me worried, will we soon see ducks in space? ;) hehehe Howard? but whatever, it might be epic in its own right, Rocket sure was a gritty raccoon and "WE ARE GROOT!"!.THINGS WILL GET EASIER!

영화제목: Batman v Superman: Dawn of Justice
평점: 8	리뷰: Sadly, a step down from Man of Steel. First of all, I was a bit skeptical about this movie, and thought the runtime (about 2 and a half hours) was way too long (and I wasn't completely wrong though). The action scenes were better than what we saw in the trailer. Although the doomsday scenes had terrible CGI (you'll know it when you'll see it), but overall I was happy. The movie had a lot crazy-packed action (it was directed by Zack Snyder, what do ya expect?) but the plot didn't know where it was going. A lot of scenes were a treat for me to see and I got goosebumps watching them. There was more to Jesse Eisenberg than what I saw (and hated, like most people) in the trailer. I made a bet to my friend that he'll suck in the movie, guess I'll have to pay up. He really WAS good. But just like any other movie, it's not perfect and has flaws. You can see that Zack tried hard very hard to fit everything nicely into the movie, but over stuffing was bound to happen. Other than that, I think there are some fan-boys who'll be satisfied no matter how bad the movie is. Hope my review didn't give away any spoilers in any way whatsoever, and that you end up enjoying the movie as much as (or more than) I did.

영화제목: Maleficent
평점: 7	리뷰: So, I had the pleasure of attending the advanced screening of Maleficent and I must say that this movie wasn't too bad.Basic run down of the movie...a young fairy girl with beautiful wings, meets a young thief boy and together they form a loving bond with Maleficent experiencing her first kiss of true love. As Maleficent grows into a beautiful adult fairy, she awaits the return of her love. When they finally reunite it does not end well and thus the story of Maleficents rage and her reason for becoming the villain of this story, PLUS the story of the Sleeping Beauty story begins.Angelina Jolie did an amazing and stunning job of Maleficent...When she's on screen she is a joy to watch! But, for me that's all there was to the movie...Angelina made this movie...that and visually the film was stunning but there were a couple of holes in the story and some changes to a traditional story that I'm not so fond of.Unfortunately, I'm a bit of traditionalist...My all time favourite animated Disney film is: Sleeping Beauty. If you're a gigantic fan of the animated film and expect the live action rendition to be similar (like they've portrayed it through trailers) you might be a little bit disappointed.Firstly, I don't really get why the King has such a vengeful hate against Maleficent...if you watch the story at the start there was no reason for him to hate her and he basically caused and created what Maleficent shouldn't have been. In the end, there was so much violence and hate towards Maleficent I couldn't bear to watch it was really sad.Secondly, I'm not a huge fan of the actress that plays Aurora. She's a pretty girl but she just didn't bring anything special to the screen.Thirdly, there was no "love story" between Aurora and Prince Phillip...In fact, it felt like Prince Phillip was just in the story for the sake of being there because everyone knows there is a Prince Phillip that saves Aurora from her sleeping slumber...or does he?Finally, many people will disagree with this but I thought Maleficents powers could have been stronger. She does possess great power and uses it well but it's kind of flat. This is just me comparing the animated Maleficent to the live action one. I'm just being picky...It was a good attempt to modernise and recreate and invent a new way of telling a story about Sleeping Beauty and I absolutely loved Angelina Jolie as Maleficent...But, there are flaws and it's hard to ignore them.Don't bother watching this film in 3D either because there isn't much excitement or enough things in the film to make it pop out. Enjoy the visuals and story of the film without the need of the silly 3D glasses.7/10
평점: 9	리뷰: "Maleficent" is about the evil horned witch we see condemn Princess Aurora to a grim irrevocable curse on her 16th birthday in the Disney classic animated film "Sleeping Beauty." Like the recent "Snow White and the Huntsman", this re-imagined fairy tale goes beyond the beloved story we know. In this case, it tells us the reason behind Maleficent's malevolent hate for humanity that caused her to issue such a miserable curse.The popular trailer with all those quotable lines ("Well, well ..." or "Then you'll be afraid ...") does not spoil anything. There is still so much to see and be enthralled about as the story unfolds from Maleficent's childhood until that fateful day of Aurora's Christening. You will definitely understand what made Maleficent deliver such a deadly curse.But for me there was more ironic magic in what unfolds after that day, when Aurora was brought to live in the woods with the three small fairies, who were not how we know them as well. Even in the face of impending danger, the film manages to convey a sense of wonder and even awe. It does so without ever lapsing into over- sentimentality or being corny. For me, these scenes are a pure delight. That is, until we reach that part when the sleeping Aurora gets wakened from her eternal sleep by the kiss of true love. What was supposed to be THE climactic moment of the film turned out to be a most anti-climactic disappointment. This scene was just so familiar, very reminiscent of another climactic moment in another recent big Disney hit. Angelina Jolie looked like she was born for this role. Those exaggerated cheekbones actually suited her quite well. She captured the many layers of Maleficent's emotion and character in both big theatrical gestures, but more so in those small subtle facial or vocal inflections. I cannot imagine another actress other than Ms. Jolie in this role. That beautiful scene between Ms. Jolie and her real daughter Vivienne (as toddler Aurora) was divine beyond description.Elle Fanning was a very pretty Aurora, with her disarming smile radiating her character's good nature and blithe spirit. Sam Riley also stood out as the human form of Maleficent's trusted crow, Diaval. Sharlto Copley looked woefully miscast as King Stefan since he did not particularly look or act kingly at any point. Brenton Thwaites, the awkward young actor they chose to play Prince Philip, did not particularly look or act princely as well.The three actresses who played the three little "good" fairies led by Imelda Staunton were not bad. However for me, they were only occasionally funny as sometimes their comedy could get corny. That they did not stick to the dear Flora, Fauna and Merriweather we know is also rather disconcerting.The land of enchantment in the mysterious Moors, with its fairies and other fanciful creatures, was created as an unexpectedly delightful and happy dream world by the computer animation artists. The special visual effects which transformed Diaval into his various animal forms (including fire- breathing dragon) were also topnotch. This film is best viewed with a blank slate, no expectations at all. The magic of this film is witnessing firsthand those unexpected twists and turns in the relationship between Maleficent and the other characters in the well- known tale. Up to the point before Aurora goes back to the palace, I was very fascinated with the storytelling such that my rating was 9, or even 10. However the very weak and predictable climax significantly knocked a couple of stars off. But overall, it is still a film worth catching on the big screen. 7/10.
평점: 10	리뷰: I have waited a long time for this film and it did not disappoint!The film is very entertaining with stunning visuals and impressive action scenes. This is definitely Angelina's film and she is incredible as Maleficent.Supporting cast are also impressive and Elle was perfect casting for Aurora. The 3d was also good and really did enhance many scenes. The score by James Newton Howard really blew me away and adds magic to the film.My screening was all made up of adults which surprised me. The trailers for the film really give the film a dark tone, however the actual film has many light Disney moments. I highly recommend this film and the 3d is worth paying a bit extra!
평점: 9	리뷰: First thing i will say is i was stunned on just how beautifully made this film was, stunning visual effect & cinematography are outstanding to bring what is a phenomenal fantasy adventure film to life. This isn't the story every one know of sleeping beauty, its told in a different way & it works brilliantly to show a much more detail story of why Maleficent became evil in the first place. Angelina Jolie Stole this film with her presence & outstanding performance as Maleficent in every way possible, she was born to play this role, i love the transference of being a good fairy to become this evil witch like fairy the transaction was flawless you could just see how her demeanor changed over time with the way she performed this role just made the character shine even more better. Not only did she show us just how fantastic of actress she is she also show just how funny she can be as well phenomenal performance. Sharlto Copley done a brilliant job as playing the king Stefan although his character was a little flawed in places but that was down to his characters writing screen portrayal, Elle Fanning playing Auroradoes a pretty good job at playing the princess although she wasn't quiet the co main lead she should of been but that because the whole story is based on maleficent so they could get away with that. Fantasy cant come better than this with some of the most amazing C.G.I effect of lovable character from the fairy tales just amazingly done Special the three fair god mothers played by Lesley Manville, Imelda Staunton & Juno Temple as the best way i can describe them as... is the female version's of the three stooges which was so funny, special some of the scene with maleficent i laugh my head off, as this film does have its comical moments so it not all doom & gloom it has a good story to it. As for the Pg certification do i agree with that no not really has this film does have moment its push's above the PG certification special some of the battle scene & some character lets be honest he would give kids nightmares so in my opinion this should of been a 12A not a PG.In all honest this is a film i recommend watching phenomenal film that stretch the imagination & a whole new modern live action take on the story of sleeping beauty based on the villain of the film.Dislikes : As I've said the only flaw that doesn't make sense is the attitude of the character Stefan played by Sharlto Copley it just didn't make sense for him to be the way he was being because of what happen that the only flaw i saw really.
평점: 10	리뷰: IGNORE THE TRAILER: GO SEE IT!I saw this movie tonight with a friend and it was spectacular. Going in, I was excited as a life-long Disney fan but also expecting a somewhat cheesy good-vs-evil type of movie based on what I had seen in the trailer. I couldn't have been more wrong! Angelina Jolie delivers an amazing performance and makes a well-known, previously rather one- dimensional Disney villain relate-able and more sympathetic, while also managing to look like a convincing, gorgeous, magical creature.The CGI is a tad heavy and a little freaky at times (such as the three coloured pixies/Aunts) but was used, in combination with some amazing sets, to create a fantastic world and creatures which were reminiscent of the beautiful and imaginative work in movies such as "Hellboy 2" and "Pan's Labyrinth". The effort by the art team here really helps to draw you into Maleficent's world at the beginning of the movie and makes you wish you were a kid growing up with this movie as fodder for your imagination.Although Maleficent's character has been humanised in this re-telling, the story really emphasises that she isn't human at all, and explores the ins and outs of her life and how she relates to the humans she encounters.The plot for this movie really fits into the current trend of exploring the anti-hero (Breaking Bad, Hannibal...) and shows that Disney is trying to break with its past depiction of characters being black and white, good or evil, etc.I feel like I am gushing over this film, but as a Disney classic lover I have been truly impressed by what is sure to be a new favourite with kids and adults equally. I do expect some controversy over parts of the film but I won't discuss those here.
평점: 5	리뷰: Every true fan of the original Sleeping Beauty (1959) was skeptical about this and how much it had to deviate from the actual movie, and as more of the movie was revealed, it was only proving to be another female empowerment, victimized villain kind of a movie. But I'm glad I was wrong, for I'm sure only by watching the whole movie can we truly appreciate and understand the very convincing back story and development the character was subject to. Of course with very liberal changes to the original plot, the key elements that you'd look for are intact. Need I mention the perfect casting of Angelina Jolie, Maleficent truly comes to life in full form by Angelina's stunning skills and presence. A twist that's not cliché, sentiments that are deep, humor that's ever so natural and action that always keeps you at the edge of your seat! Maleficent in this movie is not exactly as we know of her from the few minutes we got to see her in the original movie, but let me tell you she's every bit deliciously evil. It was amusing to see Angelina play a role that requires a lot of nuances to pull of this character with a lot of depth as opposed to the one-dimensional character from the movie. Never letting off the grip, she carried the movie on her shoulders. Nothing to take away from the beauty of the rest of the movie which takes breath with excellent direction and visual effects that will truly transport you to another world, and the amazing work by all the 'supporting' actors. Yes, the other characters weren't as fleshed out as Maleficent, but I see that as good thing, given the title and theme. A spectacular balance. I'd also like to bring light on the enchanting score, thanks to James Newton Howard, this maestro is underrated.A comprehensive movie, there's a little something for audiences of all ages, truly a masterpiece.
평점: 9	리뷰: Maleficent is ought to tell the backstory of one of Disney's most formidable villains. Definitely, there might be a dark truth about an innocent outcast transformed into the monster the villain is now famously known for. There could be a possible inspirations from famous tragedies into the drama. Meanwhile, when you somehow realize the fact that the person behind this project is only known for special effects, indeed you'll get the best looking blockbuster you'll see this year. Unfortunately, that wasn't supposed to be the key merit of this story. Maleficent suffers for the lack of gumption of portraying true darkness and depth that this tale calls for, which results a disappointing origins of the classic villain.Telling a backstory of a villain doesn't always have to be tricky, one I could suggest is a Shakespeare inspired tragedy type of storytelling, because apparently that is what perfectly fits to their themes, but the film rather focuses on the aesthetics. The story itself is about sympathizing the villain, like pointing them as the real victim of the world's darkness because of the people's lack of tolerance in their strangeness. This idea is obvious for sure, but it all falls short by the script's lack of real depth. It doesn't really have any interest at developing much of its characters, especially when it comes to relationships. Princess Aurora's friendship with her supposedly enemy is nothing more than an exposition to their world and admiration to its beautiful creatures. There is no genuine emotional impact and it hurts a lot of elements. While betrayal and threat are the vital point of the story, the shallowness of the film refuses to make them feel like they're a big deal.So really, it could have focused a lot more on the characters and only let the narrator talk in the intro and the epilogue. The film surely has enough time to linger on the characters. Instead, it lingers more on how beautiful everything in this world looks. We shouldn't blame at the director's fascination with his own skill, in fact it is the only thing that brings it to life. The effects are indeed eye candy, the production and costumes are totally rich, and the cinematography could be perfectly use for something iconic. But again, this is not what the movie generally asks for. The visuals could have worked better in a superhero movie or any fantasy that is mainly about action, but a story like this should always be at the heart of the drama and not of the action or landscapes.The performance at least beats the contrivance. Angelina Jolie, as expected, shines as Maleficent. Though there's only one scene that will totally amaze the audience which also had already been seen in Sleeping Beauty. But overall she brings the soul of the character thus makes this Maleficent really effective. The other cast doesn't do much. Elle Fanning is undeniably charming as Princess Aurora. Too bad, manifesting her innocence is the only thing the script can make her do. Manville, Stauton, and Temple are mostly use for comic relief, and it becomes so broad, the fairies end up becoming like a female version of The Three Stooges.Maleficent has plenty of great technical achievements and solid acting, but the problem really is its lack of darkness. Aesthetically, it is dark, but thematically and emotionally, this is where it becomes underwhelming. It makes the 1959 Sleeping Beauty movie looks darker and will scare children more than this supposedly grim prequel. So the main message is basically Maleficent's evilness is actually just an illusion that is made up by the ones who have a problem of accepting people who are different. Well, that is just one of them. All of its messaging could have worked better if the characters and their interactions to each other are also well developed. Still, these things doesn't even justify on what makes this villain so compelling. Overall, it's neither bad nor good, it's just not the movie Maleficent deserves to be.
평점: 4	리뷰: Recently there's been an influx in fairytale Movies and television series, i.e. Snow White and the Huntsman and Once Upon a Time, and other fairytale-like Movies, i.e. Oz the Great and the Powerful and Charlie and the Chocolate Factory. Most of them have done really well, and much due to charm and people's fondness of traditional good versus evil.Plot: ambitious servant to the king sees his Chance to become king. Though successful, an evil curse is cast on his daughter...Maleficent is no different from the above mentioned in style, nor in story. It is less "grown-up" than Snow White and the Huntsman, but darker than Once upon a Time. What separates this Movie from the others is the fabulous acting from every single actor/-ress (well, the major parts anyway).I have never been a fan of Angelina Jolie nor Sam Riley (Control and Brighton Beach). The former mostly a bimbo with occasional parts in entertaining action Movies, the latter a stiff and boring actor in mostly flat Movies. But boy, do they deliver here!! Jolie's performance is outstanding and you could really see that she enjoyed her part which also is very far from what she has done Before. Riley has also outdone himself. Besides his performance in Control I'd say he's a mediocre actor, but here he has really found a perfect part to portray and manages to find the precise level of acting, meaning, neither over nor under acting.Elle Fanning is Young and will have a fantastic career, she is really good here and her smile is a killer and really captures the innocent girl/princess.Charlto Copley is a tricky actor. His style is weird and sometimes he is good and sometimes he is bad. Here he is somewhere in between and does not manage to convince, I feel he might be somewhat miscast.Now I have said a lot about the acting, and this not without a reason. Maleficent skyrockets much due to the acting. The story is much too common and much of the details have been borrowed from Once Upon a Time.The CGI work is really good and the details in the fairyland are top class.I can't give it 10 out of 10 because it lacks that last bit which make a Movie a masterpiece.If you like fairytale-like Movies like the ones I mentioned above you will enjoy Maleficent.I give it 9 out of 10. I hope Jolie gets more serious parts now, she deserves it after her performance here.
평점: 10	리뷰: Unfortunately this movie was a big disappointment for me and even worst than I had expected it to be. I wouldn't have minded additions and even changes to the story, but they went over the line with everything and killed the whole concept with clichés. The visuals of the movie seemed to be more important than the actual plot, which was very generic and boring. To my huge surprise even Angelina Jolie disappointed me in this movie. I think she's a great actor, but for me her performance was flat and I was not at impressed with her acting in this one.Before I saw the teasers I thought the new take on this classic story might be interesting and could have great potential. After seeing the full trailer, I wasn't expecting much, but somehow this movie was even worse than I had feared it to be. None of my friends liked it either, so it wasn't just me. I guess I had just pictured this movie going in a whole different direction than it ended up taking. I will give this movie 5/10 because it wasn't absolutely horrible, it was just boring and totally predictable. For me it was watchable, but honestly I wish I hadn't spend my money to go see it.
평점: 7	리뷰: I was not expecting much from this movie nor did I really know a lot about the story of sleeping beauty and Maleficent. However, this movie left me with a huge smile on my face, much thanks to the amazing performance of Angelina Jolie. She grows in every movie she's in but this has to be right there in the top of her performances. For those of u expecting a sleeping beauty story (true to its core) will be in for a surprise. The animations are spectacular and you will not be disappointed, neither with the animations or the actors. I'd recommend anyone to see this movie and I will surely buy it as soon as it's released, (I might even watch it at the movies again)
평점: 2	리뷰: (Contains spoilers) An effort to rant out my desperation for the film;Maleficent, you're everything I've never hoped for. :(((( Sadly after 3 years of waiting and enticing for it, since the film's announcement I'm not impressed (disappointed actually). The story line is crap, Maleficent is supposed to be the mistress of all evil, a menace and a villain whereas in the film, you can only see it for quite a short time and YET it wasn't cruel enough as portrayed in the trailers, the cartoon version of her is A LOT MORE villainous, good thing the execution on Angelina Jollie's look is PERFECT! From her clothers, acting and prosthetics she really looks like Maleficent from 1959 brought to llfe. She's actually the only real reason I enjoyed the film. You can only see her cruel and ferocious in the film for like less than 15 minutes. I swear! Then suddenly in one part she's addressed by Aurora as her fairy godmother?? Wtf. Her powers were portrayed without justice. The comedic approach shown through the dialogues were lame (its a fantasy/fictional story not some remake of Jumanji or Peter Pan, WHYYY??). Damn LAME.In the scene where she regains her wings, she was suddenly wearing a "CAT SUIT" an effin cat suit WITH HEELS, like the ones worn by superheroes in Marvel/DC universe. What were they thinking? She's an antagonist for a Disney princess. We're talking fairytale here people, not a comic book adaptation for Christ sake.The actress who played sleeping beauty disappears in the story. I mean, yeah sure the acting was great, she's pretty but there was nothing special to it.There was no love story between Prince Phillip and Aurora. You can only see him like 3 to 5 times in the film with shoooooort appearances. The story's supposed to revolve around their love for each other. That's the whole reason why there is a tale to tell, how sleeping beauty survived, the value of "TRUE LOVE'S KISS". We all know that by heart. But in the film it feels like there's a Prince Phillip character just for the sake of a Prince Phillip character to appear and be part of the film. He's supposed to rescue Aurora from her sleeping slumber.....or did he? Opps....The antagonist in the film is quite surprising (yes) buuuut I just don't get it, WHY?? Why is it that all of a sudden that antagonist is so mad of everyone else. WHAT HAPPENED? It's the one you'll least expect. It's not a treat and there's nothing special to it. AT ALL. Quite irritating actually. I'm not a hater to the franchise, but coming from someone who grew up watching the animated version of sleeping beauty over and over again, growing up to it and have it considered as his favorite fairytale EVER, this film is disappointing. Only Angelina Jollie served the treat. She's the only one to root for in the film and reason to watch it over and over again. Yes the visual effects were very good, VERY, VERY GOOD (you can take my word for it) but, it wasn't detailed out the way it was marketed. It lacks story and good acting (again, aside from Angelina Jollie). But hey, still, this film is worth a watch! Especially for those who are clueless about the tale of Sleeping Beauty it'll be a treat.
평점: 8	리뷰: Maleficent is the very first movie, in my long list of movies that I have seen, that I wanted to walk out of.Lets start with the positives. Angelina Jolie was incredible. She was beautiful, she was strong, and she executed Maleficent beautifully. Her relationship with Aurora was refreshing and.... Nice. The magical world was something that has been seen on movies like bridge to terabithia, but it was still beautiful and engaging.But all of this does not save the movie. I expected to walk in and see a movie similar to wicked, where we get a better understanding of the bad guy. Yes, us understanding the bad guy does not excuse what they have done, but we can see where they come from. In the musical Wicked (and even in the movie great and powerful Oz) we have sympathy for the character we previously viewed as the bad guy. We could see where she was coming from. In those adaptations nobody truly ended up becoming "the bad guy". Most were victims of circumstances. In Maleficent? It was ferngully/Avatar all over again. Magical people, good! Man, BAAAAAAD! Instead of giving depth to all the characters that previously were left rather flat and on the background on the original sleeping beauty, suddenly the king has been reduced to this one dimensional villain that created the evil Maleficent and later on becomes obsessed with killing her! He was given NO aspects that would make us have even the tiniest bit of sympathy, not the smallest bit of understanding. He was just a vile man that broke Maleficents heart, mutilated her, and cared only for power. Even when he tried to protect his daughter, it was made appear more like he was protecting his property rather than a person he loved. Yes, he graveled for her for a bit, begging Maleficent not to curse her, but that was it. The movie left all traces of the good of the humanity from it. OK, it had some of the good of humanity, but the only human that was portrayed as good was Aurora.The movie tried to portray the three fairies as the comic relief, but ended up just portraying them as idiots, incompetent selfish creatures. The fairies in the original Disney movie were clumsy and unused to taking care of a child, but they were like that because for the first time in their lives they could not rely on their magic to achieve things in life. If were as modern people were thrown in to the middle of the woods and had to do everything by hand, then yes, we would be as lost as they were. But they were given 16 years to evolve, to learn and to grow. But no. The fairies were not given even the smallest of story arc in this movie. They were creatures that switched sides when ever it benefited the movie.I mentioned before that I liked the relationship that Maleficent and Aurora had in the movie, but even that was shattered later on in the movie. The solution to the problem was not a surprise at all. It was taken straight out of Frozen. It was refreshing and incredible when Frozen did it, because it was the first time Disney did not use the age old solution of a man being the one delivering the kiss of "true love", but when the same solution, the same realization is done in a movie that came out within year of each other? It is boring and in no way exiting, it is in no way entertaining. We have learned NOTHING new. Is this Disney's new approach in relationship? Love between man and a woman is obsolete, but the love between girl (family kind of love, not lesbian, kids apparently can't handle that, and also, family excludes male family members at this moment as well, only women can feel true love!)is the strongest of all the loves in this world.In the end, the movie basically told the audience "yeah, the movie/story that has been told for decades is actually a propaganda, and I should know, because I am Queen Aurora, and I was there all along!" The original Sleeping Beauty was rather black and white, good VS.. Evil. When I walked in to the theatre I expected the lines to be blurred, to be thought "all stories have two sides, not all of our actions are blatantly good OR evil" but instead the writers and directors and what nots decided to make the line between good and evil even more visible. The good creatures are good no matter what they do, and the bad humans are bad and rotten all the way.In conclusion: The movie might have given some depth to a villain that previously had been left as a rather one dimensional character, but in exchange they created a new one dimensional villain, just switching the genders around. The worlds was beautiful and the lead actress was amazing, but even she could not save this rehash of a movie in the end.
평점: 10	리뷰: Well, well...let's tell an old story anew - that's what this film intends to do, as we learn via the rather intrusive constantly annoying voice-over (too much narration). Trailers for this film led me to believe it would be quite a dark retelling of the Sleeping Beauty story, and even when it began rather lightheartedly, bright and cheerful, I thought surely the darkness would eventually come. So it was somewhat disappointing that this interpretation never *did* actually get all that dark (although there are some dark moments). Angelina Jolie, without a doubt, MAKES this film. She's so good in it that you forget you're watching Angelina Jolie, rather you're just watching the character of Maleficent herself. This retelling of Sleeping Beauty twists events around to show things from *her* perspective. Jolie, as obvious as it may sound, is magnificent in the role. The evil smile (combined with the words "There is evil in this world, hatred and revenge..." followed by her fake pout and "...oh.") before letting out an evil laugh at the end of one of the first trailers released showed how perfect for the iconic role Angelina was. Her chilling laugh/eerie smile are really something to behold. She looks dangerous, beautiful and evil all at once with her horns, glowing eyes, raised cheekbones (which you just can't stop looking at), long black cloak, high collar and staff. We have Jolie to be thankful for that, as apparently she insisted on maintaining the scary/menacing look of the animated incarnation. We first meet young Maleficent, played by Isobelle Molloy, as a fairy who greets the many varied inhabitants in her forest of a morning cheerily whilst flying about. Molloy does a good job of playing the character before she changes. What brings about the personality shift is her encounter with young Stefan. They quickly become friends, but he eventually leaves and doesn't return until Maleficent is Angelina Jolie size, now an extremely powerful freedom fighter type who speaks/fights for the magical things of her world against man. It is here where she suffers a ruthless betrayal, as grown-up Stefan (Sharlto Copley, adopting a dubious Scottish accent) slips her a sleeping potion, under the guise of friendship, only to cut off/steal her beloved wings and take them back to the King who wanted her dead. While one could interpret Stefan's actions as him trying to save her life the only way he knew how, he clearly intended to kill her, but was just too weak-stomached to go through with it/chickened out at the last minute. Angelina is heartbreaking in the scene where Maleficent discovers a part of her has been taken. You can't help but feel for her from this point on. Here her character is fleshed out, we are given context to her 'evil' and she is presented as not so much a straight-up villain, but instead someone we can sympathise with. While this might upset some, the movie is its own unique spin on the tale, allowing for more depth. Jolie herself admitted her look scared kids on the set and that her daughter, Vivienne, was the only one NOT scared of her, so it makes sense she was chosen to play young Aurora. It definitely helps. The scene between her and her off-screen mother is certainly a memorable one. One of the best aspects of Angie's performance is her deadpan delivery of lines. Maleficent's attitude towards Aurora (whom she calls 'beastie') as an infant, and later as a child, makes for some darkly amusing comments from her - which is needed, given how bright/chipper Aurora's character is once she's grown up to be Elle Fanning. There's not a whole lot to her character, but she plays the part of the naive innocent princess well (there's a funny moment where she thinks Maleficent is her fairy godmother). Despite her cursing Aurora on her christening to prick her finger and fall into a death-like sleep, Maleficent finds herself softening towards her target as she gets to know her (going so far as attempting to revoke her curse). When she's not tugging Sleeping Beauty through the air like a balloon on an invisible string, she's getting into mud-slinging fights with her and other forest critters. Speaking of, the creatures designed for the movie are quite creative-looking and add to the sense of wonder. Maleficent's trusty crow sidekick, Diaval, who she changes into a man (as well as a wolf, horse and dragon) is an interesting character, as played by Sam Riley. They have a fun dynamic, and he serves as a sort of 'conscience' for her. He's even better at taking care of infant Aurora than the three exceedingly annoying fairies/pixies who are tasked with keeping her safe. The less said about them, the better.Aurora and Prince Phillip's 'love story' isn't really much of one. They share a single scene together, then their next encounter is him kissing her to wake her from her cursed sleep at the behest of the annoying trio. At least he voices some reservations about kissing a girl in her sleep he hardly knows, but once he does kiss her, it doesn't work anyway. No, it's Maleficent's maternal bond/friendship with Aurora that does it. Like the movie as a whole, things don't end how you might expect, though I was happy with how they did. The movie looks great, the score is suitably moody, and best of all, it's not drawn-out/overlong. Make sure to stay for Lana Del Rey's haunting new version of 'Once Upon a Dream'. Her voice suits this film perfectly. It's as if Jolie (as Maleficent) herself is singing the song. Like the movie, it feels as if it's from Maleficent's point of view, therefore reflecting her darker/sinister intentions. Again we have Jolie to thank, as she picked Del Rey herself to sing a version of the 1959 Sleeping Beauty's 'Once Upon a Dream' for the film. It'll give you chills/goosebumps for sure.
평점: 10	리뷰: Best film I have seen in a while! Was brilliant with added comedy! I love it and cannot wait to see it again, relates to the Disney telling of sleeping beauty wonderfully. I just love it, Angelina was amazing!I think no one else could have played the part as well as she did. She also looked fantastic and kept my attention through out the film. The graphics were amazing and the whole movie felt so magical! This film made me widen my eyes in amazement, giggle with laughter, smile with pleasure and has made me eager to see it again. I am not really a film person but I was excited to see this and was not disappointed in the slightest! I watched Disney's Sleeping Beauty before hand with friends and must say that the things we questioned in the Sleeping Beauty film, was answered in Maleficent. It was well executed and the actors/actresses did a fantastic job!
평점: 10	리뷰: Maleficent is magnificent. The story is sophisticated enough to delight adult audiences with a brilliant take on the beloved tale with a delightful twist including the meaning of true love. The characters are sympathetic and there is enough excitement.The art direction and cinematography are beautiful. The fairy land scenes resemble a pre Raphaelite painting. The castle was a bit generic CGI. The right blend of human faces with CGI so it didn't look too animated. The director Stromberg who did Oz the Great and Powerful did an even better job here.Angelina Jolie's expressive face is the perfect showcase for the character - it is the role of her lifetime. Like the way they did her cheekbones to make it like the Disney cartoon. Sam Riley as her sidekick morphs into many fairy tale creatures crow, dragon horse. The creatures are well done not awkward in movement and not overwhelming. Elle Fanning is sweet and picture perfect for the role of Aurora and Brenton Thwaites plays her prince. The fairies including Juno Temple and Imelda Staunton are cute too.Liked this more than the Snow White movies 'Mirror Mirror' and 'Snow White and the Hunstman'. The first was fun but a bit silly and the second was too grim. Maleficent is the perfect blend of excitement and fairy tale. Most enjoyable film of the year.
평점: 7	리뷰: wow i really loved this movie, i wasn't sure about Angelina as the lead, but boy she pulled it off amazingly you could see every emotion in her face, i must say tho (and i do feel bad for this sorry Ella) but Ella was not quite right for this, but everything else about the movie was perfect i will watch this over and over. loved all the mystic creatures, and loved that the story still kinda stayed the same with the usual live action Disney addition.loved the outfits, it was better than snow white and the huntsman. cant wait to add it to my collection. now I'm looking forward to all the rest of the Disney live action, beauty and the beast, little mermaid, Cinderella. etc
평점: 7	리뷰: I went to the Cinema last night with the Wife and the Kids on the UK opening night for this movie.I certainly enjoyed it and to quote my kids:The 8 year old: "It was great, it looked beautiful" The 13 year old: "Yeah it was good, predictable though"I think that sums it up, it's beautifully made, laden with good quality CGI, expansive outdoors views, highly imaginative fantasy terrain which makes the magical element believable and acting that is a cut above the norm throughout. The story ticks along at a good pace without dwelling long enough for you to get bored, but ultimately it is predictable.The story line is the only real problem with the film, which whilst a radically different take on the traditional "Sleeping Beauty" tale, is ultimately a safe steady affair with no real surprises or shocks. As a result this movie will never rise above mediocrity and therefore the tag of just being "enjoyable".So its worth spending your money to see in the cinema and to pay the extra for the 3D. It may even be worth buying the DVD for your 8 year old daughter. But although I enjoyed it and I am glad that I went, I doubt I will be watching it again for a while.
평점: 6	리뷰: We all know the story of Sleeping Beauty. The sweet and innocent infant Princess Aurora (Fanning) is cursed by the spiteful and vengeful fairy Maleficent (Jolie). Boooooooo Maleficent BOOOOOO. What kind of wicked creature curses an innocent child.And Maleficent is so evil that her skin is green so you know it's true. Wicked Disney women are always green . *coughs* But is there more to this tale? Why would a fairy curse an innocent child? Of course there is more ..As it turns out, Maleficent began life as a sweet natured fairy who roamed the hills of her native land doing fairy things and playing with goblins. Until one day she meets a human boy Stefan.But boys suck, right! They steal kisses and tell lies and break your heart.But our unexpected heroine, that would be Maleficent for those who cant keep up, does not get mad she gets even. And how! She stores up all that hatred and spite and curses the wee baby before Aurora's 16th birthday she will prick her finger and fall into eternal slumber, awakening only with true love's kiss. Yeah okay so that's not a cool thing to do but there ya go.So Aurora is whisked away to live with her 3 fairy godmothers Flittle (Manville), Thistletwit (Temple) and Knotgrass (Staunton) until the day after her 16th birthday.Maleficent watches the child silently and is ever-present as she grows. One day, Aurora ventures bravely into the fairy lands and meets Maleficent face to face. She is not afraid and it is here that the story takes an unexpected turn.And it is here that I will leave the telling to the movie :) The script was a bit cheesy in parts and I have to say, the uttering of the curse, one of folklore's most famous and devastating, was an absolute fizzer. Oh Jolie gave it her all but it was so lame I cringed.But then it got good. The movie that is. Maleficent was not a one-dimensional woman and Jolie's skill as an actress shone through as she presented us with a well-rounded and complex woman who, as I mentioned previously, is the true heroine of this story.This is, after all, a Disney movie about a Princess and we must keep this in mind. And it's for kids. It's rated PG so it's not for our littlest movie lovers but for those who proudly tote their pink Disney Princess lunch boxes to school in their pink Disney backpacks..well a dose of some kick arse women who are self-assured might be in order.I really liked this movie. I found it endearing and fun. Jolie is staggeringly stunning as Maleficent and her journey of self discovery is open and pure. Fanning plays the bright eyed Aurora with a sweetness that never once goes to far. In the hands of a lesser actress, the result may have been quite disastrous. She holds her own against Jolie quite nicely thank you very much. Bravo young lady! I recommend you leave your adult self in the cinema foyer and take your younger self in to watch. Take the self that still believes in fairys, still believes in true love and still believes that the world would be perfect if we all had wings *sighs* Love Flick xx (writehere.com.au)
평점: 7	리뷰: I have got to say at first that I watched "Maleficent" only because of Angelina Jolie even though I'm not a big fan of fantasies movies (To say the least). As a remake of a Disney film, the result is much better than Disney others remakes (״Alice in wonderland״, ״Oz the great and the powerful" that were awful). The plot of the movie is nice, the screenplay is a great mess, almost everything does not make scene ,the direction is quite not good, and... The Visual Effects were way too many than needed, way too many. Angelina Jolie as usual (and even more) was great (not as good as her performance in "Changeling", "Girl, Interrupted", but still, her acting is great, she's acting the character has written for her. Elle Fanning was very very bad, wired smile on her face in every single scene. In the start of the movie it seems to be a lame remake, but later it becomes to a great drama with a complex main character (maledicent) that make the movie more interesting.Bottom line, the film was good because of Angelina Jolie and a nice plot, (the idea of the plot is great but the screenplay itself is lame) and was not good because of too many Visual Effects for all the Action-Fantasies fans (Lord of the rings, The Hobbit) this film is good, for all the others this movie is nice.
평점: 10	리뷰: I went out to see this movie early this afternoon. I got to the ticketing office with a hell of a line for Maleficent. I never thought I would be as satisfied as I am right now, watching it in 3D, despite the fact that Angelina Jolie "is" Maleficent.Compared to this one, there had been quite differences from the Sleeping Beauty version. I missed the part where Aurora ended up dancing with the Prince, the fairies fighting for the perfect color of Aurora's dress, the musicality and other instances.However, thinking that the story is centered on Maleficent, I can say that the people behind this film is worth the praise. The plot is perfect! Despite from the "true love" ideology, it teaches the audience a few lessons that should be learned from it: it doesn't have to be a handsome Prince. This film pointed out "true love's kiss" as a kiss of forgiveness for the fact that it was Maleficent's kiss that broke the curse.I had suspected Maleficent dying in the end of the film as far as I can remember from The Sleeping Beauty. Another thing that I love about this film is that it didn't conclude with the audience mourning for the death of the protagonist. Maleficent and Aurora had each other's backs as the King had been on the move of killing Maleficent.Compared to Sleeping Beauty, Maleficent concluded with the two kingdoms, Maleficent's and Aurora's, uniting. This is truly a film with a good message. I'm truly gonna grab a copy of this film once it goes on sale. It is worth the collection. :)
평점: 10	리뷰: Needless to say I loved it. I totally bought Maleficent's journey and one scene where you feel her loss and pain I was a blubbering mess. The first twenty minutes of the film I could put on auto repeat and just watch over and over. Really beautiful. The twist on the tale made a lot of sense. Jolie is both beautiful and amazingly talented.Likewise Elle Fanning. Fanning reminds me a little of Leonardo DiCaprio in that DiCaprio always looks too young to bring the gravitas his roles demand and yet he never fails to disappoint. Elle will be over time one of the great actresses imo. I'm going to become addicted to this.
평점: 6	리뷰: I would like to say that Jolie was just indeed perfect for the role of Maleficent. I mean come on! She did it flawlessly and effortlessly, you can see that she really enjoyed portraying her character *no doubt about it.* For the uttering of the curse part, some people found it "trying hard", "she sounds bad", "I didn't like it", "Why?", blah blah blah. What do you expect? This movie is intended for the little ones, not for the adults who has very high-standards. If you're an adult and doesn't like cheesy movies then don't watch this, this ain't for you. You better watch something else like X-men or wait for upcoming movies such as Transformers, Avengers, Guardians of the Galaxy, etc.We didn't expect that she would be that soft because in the classic Sleeping Beauty she was really dark and gave us the impression over the years that she was indeed the mistress of all evil - Powerful sorceress that draws power from hell *that's why she became that 'ol mighty dragon* Of course, as expected, Disney would really alter the story. As you can see, they gave her character a justice that's why the film showed lots of her lighter side. I for one don't want to see a live-action movie that will really follow the classic, I mean come on! It would be a waste of time because it will not give us a new kind of excitement for it.They gave us the impression that the movie will be very dark *as shown in the trailers* but then the movie showed the lightest and most human part of "the mistress of all evil".I know that people have different opinions, I respect that but if you just bash the movie out just keep your mouth shut/don't waste your energy typing foul words about the movie. Don't disrespect the people who made this movie possible, it took them a very long time to wrap this movie whole. :) I repeat: This movie is intended for the little ones, not for the adults who has very high-standards. This is a child-friendly movie. If the movie went really evil for her character like in the classic, what would a child think if he/she saw the movie? They'd be terrified and may give them nightmares. Think again. That's why the story went soft 'till the new "cliche" true love's kiss part.They proved that strong love does not come from Prince-Princess type of stories where they meet and then live a happily ever after. Love is also powerful in the family/friends area. So strong that can be one of the means in breaking a curse. :) Have a great day everyone :)
평점: 7	리뷰: The folks at The House of Mouse have been known to make you feel good – even in the lousiest of days. On a good day, you'd be thankful for that (Watching Disney productions like Saving Mr Banks and Frozen have had extremely positive effect on depressed people), while on bad days, you wish things could turn a little wicked (Wasn't the mermaid in The Little Mermaid supposed to turn into a bubble and burst? Surely Quasimodo from The Hunchback of Notre Dame could be more hideous?)When we heard that Disney is going to produce a live action movie based on Maleficent, we were thrilled. We're talking about one of the evilest villains from the 1959 classic Sleeping Beauty. That sharply angled face, that irritating crow and need we mention those horns. The Mistress of All Evil, as we know her, wasn't too pleased when she found out that she wasn't invited to the royal christening of the kingdom's infant princess. Cue a terrible curse that would cause the princess to prick her finger and sleep forever, magic potions that look too venomous for comfort and lots of evil crackly laughter.Now, Disney wants to tell you the truth – one that will have you understanding why Maleficent's pure heart was turned to stone, a betrayal that involves a royal kingdom and a dastardly forest and of course, a beautiful princess that may be the key to peace in the land.Or so says the marketing copy.When the publicity trailers were first released online, we were impressed by leading lady Angelina Jolie's uncanny resemblance to the animated Maleficent. That cold glare, that menacing stare and that depraved cackle: Jolie has effortlessly managed to send quivers down our spine. Then came Lana Del Ray's cover of "Once Upon A Dream", the single that will serve as the title song for the movie. The American singer songwriter's haunting vocals was a perfect match for what seemed to be a sinister ride down our memory lane of this beloved fairy tale. While the 97 minute movie is a feast for the eyes (cinematography by Dean Semler boasts numerous fantastical scenes filled with fairies and forest creatures), and the action scenes are excitingly choreographed (the battle between man and nature, and the finale showdown between soldiers and a ferocious dragon are easily impressible pieces), you can't run away from the fact that this is a Disney production.Jolie is aptly dark and menacing in her outfits designed by Anna B Sheppard, and the Academy Award winning actress snarls and growls like a true villain, but as the story progresses, you get a nudging feeling that everything will turn out fine in the end. Without giving away too much, yes, it is a happy ending that is so family friendly, you'll wonder where that cynical realism was chucked after leaving the theatre.First time feature director Robert Stromberg (known for his visual effects work on movies like Life of Pi and The Hunger Games) is clearly a visually driven filmmaker. The movie is a joy to look at, and competent performances by a supporting cast of Sharlto Copley as King Stefan, Sam Riley as a raven shapeshifter and Imelda Staunton, JunoTempleand Lesley Manville as the pixie fairies don't hurt the movie either. Bonus points also come in the form of the likable Elle Fanning who takes on the role of Princess Aurora.We just wished that this potentially sinister tale could have been peppered with more ominous cynicism and menace.
평점: 1	리뷰: The re-imagining of Maleficient takes a time old classic and transforms into something better. Personally, I think the original movie lacks plot development. In this movie, we get to know the motives behind Maleficient's curse, revenge on Stefan. While the movie lacks in visuals unlike Alice and Oz, it made up through the unstoppable force known is Angelina Jolie. Angelina Jolie's portrayal of the good turned evil turned good fairy deserves much acclaim. She is able to portray every emotion perfectly. Elle Fanning is also able to portray an innocent Aurora wonderfully. As with the blockbuster hit Frozen, which descipt's true love between sisters, the concept of true love here is shown through a mother-daughter like relationship. While distancing itself from the conventional idea of true love into something more universal, I hope Disney does not completely forget about the classic true love. Taking into consideration this is Stromberg's directorial debut, he does an absolutely great job at telling the story of Maleficient..............
평점: 3	리뷰: At first I thought I was in a Horror movie or a lame Lord of the Rings type rip off but then this lame movie turned out to be a save the planet preachy flick. I give this three stars maimly because of my favorite actress is in it and as always does a great job, and that would be Imelda Staunton. Other than this, I would rate this movie but one star. I was looking forward to a fresh interpretation of the Bible story, instead was treated to this. I like well told stories but this should have been returned to the writer and put the money to better use. Sorry Mrs. Pitt it at least appeared the you were trying. Thanks, but I will not rent this one and waste more money. The producers spent a fortune on this and they will get their money back before its all over, but they should look at Disney classics and even movies that have been churned out after Disney's demise at a fraction of the cost and have been very successful, from "Toy Story" miniseries to the Lion King remake." There is a strong interest in genuine faith based movies. There was nothing genuine about this; just empty, meaningless Hollywood hype.
평점: 3	리뷰: I had really high expectations for the movie. But after just watching it, I don't think that 3 years were worth the wait. It was REALLY awful. What the heck was Disney thinking when they decided to portray Maleficent as a pure hearted young girl? How on earth can a girl with wings, horns and a name that LITERALLY means evil- Maleficent is an actual word- be pure and kind??? I have to admit though that the CGI in the fairy kingdom was magnificent. After the betrayal and the wing cutting, she turns evil. The only decent scene, imo. It was scary, the music was really great and the whole aesthetic was excellent. But. WHERE WAS HER CASTLE???????? The christening scene. Why? Why, why? It felt rushed. The whole movie felt rushed! The curse part was also not intense. It was just Angie screaming and then screaming even more, just to add the true love's kiss thing. And then... chaos. Maleficent finds Aurora, she goes by the window and tries to frighten her. Exactly as a 10 year old would do. The fairies were silly and completely useless, to the princess as well as to the movie itself. Nothing like the 3 animated ones. And from that point, the movie takes the downhill. I honestly couldn't BELIEVE what I was watching. Aurora and Maleficent together as friends? The supposedly mistress of all evil becoming an actual fairy Godmother and being maternal towards the baby she once cursed?????? Seriously Disney???? Laughing and playing with mud??? Making efforts to cancel her own curse? And then being the one who truly loves her and kisses her?! The final battle. Diaval turns into a dragon and that's it and Maleficent suddenly becomes Catwoman, wearing LEATHER PANTS(???!) and being extremely violently attacked with iron, as another Wicked Witch being vanquished with water. King Stefan dies without ever knowing that the curse has been broken and the truth in general. He just falls like Dumbledore and dies. The movie is a total disgrace towards the legend of Maleficent. It's just offending. Plus, it really took them 3 years to film it?? It was so short! The graphics were great but that's not enough. What's even worse, I wanted to rely on Angelina and feel relieved but even that didn't happen. She was OK. I couldn't be more disappointed. I am really sad. I've been waiting for so long to see my favourite villain come to life, and all I got was a childish, goofy approach that didn't even resemble to the original character, not in the slightest.
평점: 10	리뷰: Maleficent is a remake of the Disney classic "Sleeping Beauty." I assumed that I knew what it was going to be about but, it turned out to be a totally unpredictable and amazing movie. Maleficent is about a betrayed fairy (Angelina Jolie) that curses the king's infant daughter Aurora as revenge. She soon discovers that when Aurora grows up, she is the only one who can restore the peace and happiness that everyone needs to get them out of the depression caused by revenge and war. This movie takes "Sleeping Beauty" and turns it into a completely different movie. By far, this is the best Disney movie I've seen and one of the best movies I've seen in a while. Everything is just right. For example, the music sets the right mood in every scene. It is strong and loud when it needs to be and quite and shy at other times and, at certain points, it is playful and happy. It really pulls the whole movie together. Along with the jaw-dropping music, this movie has amazing actors starting with Angelina Jolie and Elle Fanning (Auora). They fit each role perfectly almost as if they were born for these roles.This movie is very interesting to watch because it isn't entirely based on "Sleeping Beauty" so you get to see a completely different side of Maleficent before she becomes the villain that she is known as. Throughout the movie I found myself wanting the movie to go quicker to see what would happen next but not wanting it to end anytime soon. I think that the director Robert Stromberg and the writers Linda Woolverton and Charles Perrault really outdo themselves with this movie because I cannot stop obsessing about how great it is. I give this movie 5 out of 5 perfect stars and recommend it for ages 9 to 18. To be honest, this movie is a movie that you should be sure not to miss because IT IS THAT GOOD!Reviewed by Samantha A., KIDS FIRST! Film Critic. For more reviewed go to kidsfirst dot org.
평점: 10	리뷰: 9 May 2014 Film of Choice at The Plaza Dorchester Tonight - Maleficent. I have been waiting for this film for a long time. I had two points of personal interest... Ella Purnell who plays the teen Maleficent is related to my friend and I have known her since she was quite young and the film company bought a lot of spinning wheels from Frank Herring and Sons Ltd where I work. Ella, who was was almost unrecognisable in her make up, made the part her own and played the young Maleficent beautifully, leading into Angelina Jolie as the adult. Not one of my favourite actresses, I must say she was brilliant in this part. This film was a traditional fairy story with a modern slant and a twist to the well known tale of Sleeping Beauty. Dramatic make up and lighting combined with anger, sadness, obsession, love and a sprinkling of humour combined to take me right back to my childhood and the stories I knew and loved then. I always think a sign of a good film is if I don't fidget in my seat and I didn't move once through this film. I'm going back to see it on Sunday in 3D.
평점: 10	리뷰: Just about everybody knows that Angelina Jolie's "Maleficent" is a re-imagined version of "Sleeping beauty". But how far does it go? Let me break all SPOILER inhibitions and bring out everything. You have been warned.Before we see Jolie in the titular role, Maleficent is played by adorable Isobelle Molloy in her "young" role, initiated into romance. Taking over the role in full adulthood and as leader of fairy land, Jolie plays Maleficent experiencing the pivotal "kiss of true love" only to find betrayal and bitter disillusionment. Her magical power is considerably weakened with her wings "stolen" by her love interest, now consumed with ambition as the new king in the human world. This is obviously a far stronger motivation for hatred and revenge than being merely snubbed through negligence in sending an invitation. The curse is essentially the same.Without going into details, I'll just say that growing up under Maleficent's continuous surveillance, Aurora pours out such sunshine that it overcomes her dark side. Maleficent wants to undo the curse, and fails. As nobody believes in true love, the "escape clause" offers little hope. Still, Prince Philip comes along but as feared and expected, his kiss has no avail. It turns out that "true love" is not restricted to romantic love and a "kiss of true love" need not be on the lips. The forehead will do just as well. So here you have it, the re-imagining.Even at 97 minutes, the story is slow-paced because nothing much really happens. Jolie, with technology-enhanced cheekbones that everybody is talking about, gives a good superstar-like performance playing the reimagined titular role. Elle Fanning conquers everything with her beautiful, winning, sunshine smile and her conversion and redemption of the dark Maleficent is completely believable because of that. There is also a dependable support cast, real, flesh-and-bone actors including Imelda Staunton, as well as an assortment of computer created things. CGI effect is fine, particularly when Maleficent spreads her wings: soaring, gliding and diving, all in glorious, graceful, sweeping motion.The bonus is the credit roll sound track of Lana Del Ray singing the mesmerizing "Once upon a dream" adopted from Tchaikovsky's ballet and first heard in Disney's animation of "Sleeping Beauty" (1959).
평점: 10	리뷰: This is not a fairy tale where a princess sing along with animals and waiting for a charming prince to rescue her. This movie has a message that all evil may not only have a dark side. We are told this true story of Maleficent . How she became the evil fairy we all know her as in the fairy tale . We get details about her relationship with Princess Aurora. More about the plot , I would not tell. But while this is a dark story , there are bright and cheerful colors , too. Beautiful contrasts in a nicely narrated fantasy film . We get to experience beautiful worlds we have not ever seen before on film. Angelina Jolie is amazing in the lead role. She exudes both power and fragility in a brilliant combination. The strongest card in this film is the interaction between Angelina Jolie and Elle Fanning . In summary this is that dark and more adult fairytale movie adaptation we all have been waiting for . It has a beautiful message that revenge is not always the best solution after a betrayal .
평점: 9	리뷰: Angelia Jolie IS Maleficent; such perfect casting. This wonderful version is brilliant, sweet, and emotional. Maleficent is to Sleeping Beauty as Wicked is to The Wizard of Oz. Loved every single minute. I could ramble on for hundreds of words about how amazing Maleficent is, but I won't. Must. Go. See. It. Again! :) And the critics with negative reviews are SO freaking wrong! I can't see how anyone wouldn't love this film. The story is touching, the acting is amazing, and the casting was perfect! I was expecting Maleficent to be really good, but it surpassed my expectations by a landslide. "Once Upon a Dream" was the perfect song and Lana Del Rey is the perfect voice as she sounds haunting yet beautiful all at the same time. LOVED IT! GO SEE IT! :)
평점: 8	리뷰: One word comes to mind, when it comes to review this film. Revenge. The whole film featured the entire plot on Revenge. I did however enjoy it to its fullest. The plot was Actually a "Prequel" as I like to call it, to the childhood story The Sleeping Beauty. Actually come to think of it, it was actually in he trailer. But anyways, the film featured an evil witch or fairy known as Maleficent(Jolie). She comes across a young lad Stefan(Copley (Later becomes King)) stealing something. They bond in friendship at the very least. After awhile, he gets "too used" to her if you know what I mean, and so unfortunately for Maleficent, he "steals" her wings. Hearing the cries and obviously painful back of which the wings were attached, went right through me. I feel Oscar worthy. From my understanding, the reason being, he stole the wings was, the Stefan's father the King, King Henry(Cranham) was on his death bed and said to his sons, anyone who kills Maleficent, will be "worthy" to his heir ie will take over his Throne ie becoming King. So hence the reason why Stefan stole the wings. So in revenge, Maleficent finds upon a bird known as Diaval(Riley) who turns into(well turns him into a human) and Maleficent asks Diaval to be "my wings" as hers was taken. So while he is doing his spying on course, he finds out and of course passes on the information to Maleficent, which is that there is to be a Christening or a "baby party" something like that. I joked to my friend beside me, why didn't I get such a celebration. haahah. So anyways, Maleficent in the mean time had found out. So she arrives during the Christening. And casts her spell hence the Chidlhood Tale: Sleeping Beauty. So while Aurora(Fanning) the new baby of King Stefan and his wife Leila was growing up to be of a beautiful girl, Maleficent was rethinking her spell. She even went as far to try and break the spell and reverse it. She had grown bondage to her to the point Aurora thought Maleficent was her "Fairy Godmother". Jolie's reply: "What" was priceless. haahha. We all had a great laugh, through out the movie too. Aurora found out the truth from the 3 fairies (Flittle(Manville), Knotgrass(Stautnon), Thistletwit(Temple) who reared her. SO naturally Aurora ran back to her pappy, namely the King. He hid her in the dungeon for fear of the spell being brought alive. However it is with great regret that she didn't pay heed and actually headed out and the Spell was enforced when she touched the needle. Maleficent felt this and as such was a poignant moment. The 3 fairies brought Aurora back and put her on the bed, where Prince Phillip(whom Aurora met, while he lost his way to King Stefan) was hoped to be the true love to break the spell. He passionately kissed her, but sadly didn't work. So Maleficent, went up and spoke to her while she was sleeping. It was the true love of Maleficent that brought her out of the sleep. That was really heartwarming. So after a battle, all was well and saved. Overall a highly recommended film.
평점: 10	리뷰: Maleficent was definitely a great movie to watch and be touched by. The acting of Angelia Jolie was, as always, impeccable. Fanning's portrayal of Aurora was great as well. The effects were great, Disney never fails in this, and like most of the time the humor felt right in place. Sam Riley was perfect for the role of Diaval, surely one of the best moments on screen.What you know about the original is nothing compared to what this movie gave us, in a good way of course. The movie felt like it passed too quickly but every moment was worth it and left you satisfied but secretly craving for more.Without giving too much away, Maleficent was a beautiful movie that redeemed Disney's classic heart warming story telling. Though simple at times, the feeling of the movie makes you want to stay in it forever and never get your eyes off such charming story.
평점: 6	리뷰: I thought this movie was excellent. Anyone who is curious about what could of been the cause of the events in Sleeping Beauty will find this very satisfying..in my opinion. I thought Angelina was amazing. It was as if she was meant for the role. The creatures and setting of the woods is tantalizing and alive with fairies and creatures. It's done very well. It literally made me feel like a child again who wants fairies to be real! I always felt that Sleeping Beauty, while an amazing animated film, left me wondering a lot about Aurora and all the characters really... There was very little character development besides the Godmothers. Maleficent fit into sleeping beauty like missing pieces to a puzzle. Although they are not exactly the same story, they are pieced very well together for the events that matter. I can't say enough how unbelievable Angelina was in this role. She is a beautiful actor..and I don't just mean her looks. She has grace even while villainess. She portrays the roll perfectly. If I were my girl self again, I'd spent days upon days after seeing this dreaming about how it would be to be Maleficent. This movie was a real piece of Disney Magic. As an adult I didn't expect to be so thoroughly drawn in. What a nice surprise. My daughter, 5, and son, 3.5, enjoyed it. It was a little more scary for PG than I expected at the end for them but they were prepared as to what to expect and had seen the trailer. They both really liked it...especially my daughter. I think this film works on all levels. I look forward to seeing it again once it's released to DVD!
평점: 10	리뷰: The movie was absolutely gorgeous. The CGI was flawless and at some points it felt like you were actually flying around the theater with Maleficent herself. Now, the story was pretty good. I was more impressed with the beginning in seeing how Maleficent actually came to be Maleficent, but some point towards the middle of the film I found myself utterly confused. Confused because of just how much the plot differed from the original Sleeping Beauty. I mean Maleficent, as we've seen her, was ruthless and wouldn't care for any living creature. She's too lenient in this one and although I loved the role reversals, making good appear evil and evil appear good, there is still such thing as going too far. If you've seen the original Sleeping Beauty, don't expect the same story because you will be very disappointed. The character casting was flawless, but the character development not so much. All in all, it can't live up to the original Sleeping Beauty, as expected, but I'm going to give it a 6/10 star rating for casting, cinematography, the first 10 seconds of the movie and CGI. I hope you all enjoy it!
평점: 10	리뷰: Bad summary title aside... THE MOVIE WAS AWESOME!!!! This is a total retelling of the story. Not only do you get the back story of Maleficent but you also get a pro-female movie to the nines. (which is why I need a better term than "chick flick"). I love the rise of the girl empowering movie genre that children are getting nowadays. No more is Aurora the passive subject of a "King's daughter" then some "Prince's Conquest" we see a story told with Maleficent having a multitude of dimensions. We see her entire development from the kind fairy to the Evil Fairy Queen. The creatures adapted in the Fae Realms(forgot what the movie officially called them) are MAGNIFICENT. They are all so beautiful, charming, and just delightful. We even get to see dimension to Maleficent's crow companion. Plus, the effects with Angelina Jolie's eyes are SO AMAZING!!!! SPOILERS ARE REALLY PAST THIS POINT(!!!!!!!!) I went with a girlfriend of mine and I LOVE all the symbolism in the movie-we couldn't stop discussing. The fact that it was a man who betrayed Maleficent and took her wings(her identity, courage, self-worth). A man set limitations ON HER (literally) because she could no longer fly.PLUS, when Maleficent becomes the Evil Fairy Queen NOTICE how the chair she creates looks much like a rib cage and she is the black heart inside.I'm also curious if I'm the only one who thought that Phillip(the King) took Maleficent's wings thinking he was protecting her.(me and my friend disagreed about this one). I mean he basically took her means of independence and "trapped" her to her Fae Realm. I mean YES she could travel but she was much slower and hobbled basically. That speaks volumes of MAN's desire to "protect" women but really are just crippling their real since of power/self-worth/ability out of some twisted "love". I mean this movie is SUCH a great female empowerment movie. The King may have been the catalyst but that is it. A HUGE chunk of the movie is about women taking care of each other.Two down sides (being a Disney Kid).1. The Sleep Spell wasn't included. I LOVED the idea of everyone being in an ageless slumber.2. There aren't really a great many FAE invited to Aurora's birth. I mean the initial REASON why the Evil Fairy was so mad was that she got snubbed. I think she was suppose to be the 8th or 13th fairy in attendance and that number plays some part in the original story. However, this one follows the Disney version...changing the trio's names(in the original Flora(plants), Fauna(animals), and Maryweather (unsure) ) and not even mentioning what the last fairy gave Aurora as a gift. (in the original telling that was the gift that swayed the death curse to a 'sleep like death' curse. One of my favourite parts of the original telling were the trio of fairies and their arguments.
평점: 7	리뷰: Disney did an awesome job on this movie. It's got good, evil, mad, sad and everything inbetween. The mood often shifts between dark and light and is done really well. It's not your typical fairy tale story. It's great both for children and adults. The acting was amazing and you really felt engaged with the story. The characters were very dynamic and much more complex than your typical Disney movie. The special effects were very well done also. The magic effects aren't overly done and presented very softly. I would highly recommend anyone of all ages to see this. Definitely going to get on Blu Ray whenever it comes out. 10/10 from me.
평점: 8	리뷰: A fairy falls for a human who betrays her trust and she devotes her life on avenging him by basing her life on the conviction that true love cannot and does not exist.As I have said many times before, it is always a plus when an adult enjoys a children's film. A great fairy tale that is effectively conveyed onto the big screen with stunning visuals serene performances that will keep you firm onto your seat until the closing scene.Ultimately, it is Angelina Jolie that carries this movie. Her portrayal of an icy, revenge filled fairy is simply superb and one of her finest acting moments, not to mention the interaction with her real life daughter.Hatred, bitterness and vengeance have a new enemy that is not so new: unconditional love.
평점: 9	리뷰: It seems that Disney pumps out a new movie every month these days, as the studio releases yet another film. Instead of baseball throwing Indians though, this weekend's film revives an old tale in a new form. Yes, I'm talking about Disney's Maleficent, director Robert Stromberg's adaptation to the animated Sleeping Beauty. Did he fill the big shoes and hype the trailer's brought? Read on to find outIf you haven't been swept away by the cascade of trailers, this tale focuses on the dark fairy's origins and how she became so wicked. At least that is part of the story. Stromberg took some interesting steps in his rehash, putting enough spin on the tale to make it almost an entirely different story that is sure to bring mixed reviews. I myself rather enjoyed the tale, despite it's predictability, creating a character-centered story with emotion, passion, and a little bit of surprise while still bringing other elements into the tale. Of course the main support of the movie is Angelina Jolie, who captured the villainess in both looks and spirit. Her natural beauty, combined with fantastic makeup and wardrobe, was accentuated in this film, ditching the green skin for a more natural look that radiated power. Jolie's beautiful eyes seemed to act on their own, mirroring the emotions trapped within the dark fairy. Even her voice sounded like Maleficent, grabbing the arrogant and malicious smoothness the cartoon made famous, though her screaming and moaning were a bit overdone. Jolie nailed the spectrum of emotions her part required, and had me fall in love with her acting all over again as well as have a different look on Maleficent. Of course I am a reviewer who likes his balance, and Maleficent fails to spread the acting weight around, relying on Jolie a little too muchThe other cast in this movie were okay, their limited screen time just long enough to bring something to the movie. Sam Riley as Maleficent's raven Diablo er Diaval , was my second favorite of the cast. His character was a mini version of Maleficent; helping to keep the sorceress on her toes, while providing well timed comedic relief to keep the tale running. Elle Fanning brings cuteness and positivity, but doesn't add much more than that, often reduced to walking and smiling at the green screens around her. Sharlto Copley as King Stefan is an important character, but his overstretched accent, and acting made him a bit more humorous than what I think they intended. However, the greatest thing about this movie for me is the world Stromberg and company created. Maleficent's design is gorgeous in all aspects, as the fictional kingdoms come to life in spectacular detail, that would look even better in 3-D. While the human kingdom is fitting, the true masterpiece is the Moors, as the mythical beasts and enchanted creatures come out in dazzling colors and light that fits the whimsical nature befitting fairy tales. The integration of nature into each creature, allowed for a variety of creatures to be seen in the movie, each mirroring their place in the hierarchy of Maleficent's kingdom. My particular favorites were the tree warriors, not just for the action they brought, but for the integration of cultures and movies in their design, though I'll admit they are a bit similar to the tree ents in Lord of the Rings. Maleficent does have some weaknesses at hand. Some of the creatures were a bit too similar familiar characters we've seen in other films, the biggest being the fat elves that look like an overweight Dobby from Harry Potter. The pixie's were my biggest problem. Their design was a bit too fake, exaggerated, and sometimes very similar to what Smeagle would look like as a girl. On top of that, they were airheads that were meant to be funny, but were more annoying, very similar to a certain Star Wars character we all know. I think Stromberg made them the way that Maleficent saw them, but he just went a little too far for my tastes, luckily they aren't in most of the movie. As for the story, the twists are interesting and well needed, but at times I was a bit bored, wanting something else to happen instead of getting an eyeful of Maleficent stalking in the shadows. It seemed they fast-forwarded through some parts, focusing on the visuals and Jolie, more than the actual story. Of course I may have been a little close-minded at parts from my expectations of the film. Maleficent took a different path, but there are so many good elements to this movie that make it worth a trip. Visually it is gorgeous, and Jolie brings so much to the part though it was at the cost of the other actors. Story wise it is fine, but try to go in with an open mind or you may be disappointed with Stromberg's approach. Is it worth the hype? For me it wasn't as good as the trailers made it out to be, but it was still good and emotionally fulfilling, despite some of the odd antics. I would say it is theater worthy to see. In my book Maleficent scores:Action/Adventure/Family: 8.0 Movie Overall: 8.0
평점: 10	리뷰: Once upon a time, Maleficent was not evil. She was not brash, nor mean-spirited, nor disliked. She was happy and she was beautiful.For obvious reasons, I went into this movie thinking that this story would try to make Maleficent the protagonist, wanting the audience to sympathize with her and somehow providing justification and a blanket acceptance for why she cursed Aurora. And while Disney did a good job of explaining why Maleficent did what she did, the story evolves in such a way that the audience is not expected to be accepting of Maleficent's curse. This movie does not want to convince the audience that there is a better, more understandable side to the story; it is actually quite the opposite. The other side of the story kind of leaves you feeling almost ambivalent but slightly more sympathetic, and I think that was the intention: to just appreciate that there is another important actor in this story whose motives may have been unclear.This story also shows what happens in the sixteen years that lapse between Aurora's birth and when she pricks her finger. Further, it follows almost a more logical, human way of thinking Like, what former credentials do three fairies have that enable them to raise a human child? And why is the crow so dedicated to a witch? As always, true love is tested to its limits, but this is a Disney movie, so there has to be a happy ending If I am being completely honest, Angelina Jolie is far from my favorite actress; however, this is an iconic role that I feel like was made for her. She is absolutely stunning and delivers an awesome performance. Elle Fanning also did a great job playing the open-minded, sheltered Aurora; I tend to forget that Aurora is a sixteen year-old shut-in who is ignorant to the majority of the outside world, but it was refreshing to see Elle's acting as Aurora reacts to many experiences for the first time.I have to mention the artistry that went into this movie as well. The detail—from the castle, to the creatures, to the fairy wings—was spectacular. I saw it in IMAX 3D, so it was that much more visually stunning. I definitely recommend seeing it in 3D at the very least if you can.
평점: 8	리뷰: Maleficent was an amazing movie! I waited about 2 years for it to come out and it did not disappoint! Although the commercials and advertisements show this film to be extremely dark and terrifying, it wasn't as evil as it was portrayed and there was a great balance between other emotional elements. Maleficent combines beautiful atmospheres, fairy-tale, innocence, and pride along with destructive intents, evil, power, revenge and of course maleficence. Simply put, an individual takes something that isn't theirs just for greed...and the victim of course wants revenge. An individual becomes evil for a reason, usually when something of theirs is stolen like their pride, heart, or wings. There are some deeper meanings portrayed and you get to see it through Joile's acting. There is a different ending so it shouldn't be compared to the original Disney's Sleeping Beauty. Since I am a huge Jolie fan, It must be stated that Ms. Jolie did an outstanding job portraying her character- her emotions, expressions, anguish, anger, and strong features made this film. At times Maleficence reveals her evil laugh and smiles and you just can't help but like this Villain for how gorgeous she really is. All the costume makeup in the world can't hide her gorgeousness. There is a ton of light humor in the film and some intense fight scenes. Well rounded movie combining love, anguish, revenge, and terror.
평점: 10	리뷰: Angelina Jolie is perfect in the role she was born to play. She reminds me of how Glenn Close was as Cruela DeVil. I couldn't think of anyone else doing this role as well as she did. If I were on the board of the Academy Awards, I'd happily nominate her for an Oscar.The film is really good, but you have to watch it as it's own entity. You can't think about what you already know from "Sleeping Beauty." This is a completely different story. Everything you love from "Sleeping Beauty" is here, but not in the same way. It kind of reminds me of how it is when I watch "Once Upon A Time." Forget what you already know and just enjoy this!
평점: 5	리뷰: As someone who loves classic Disney, I wasn't sure whether I would like this movie or not. Well, I can say without a doubt, I definitely loved this movie! It gave me a whole new perspective on an old classic. I really felt sympathy for Maleficent and understood why she did the things she did. I also liked the fact that I didn't completely hate any of the characters. Now, while it didn't stick to the original Disney ending, it had a satisfying ending to the movie. Also, I didn't see it in 3D, but could tell that it would definitely have been worth the extra money.All the actors did a really great job. Angelina Jolie was excellent as Maleficent. She was able to stay true to the original character and still give her own spin on it as well. She also gave depth to her. Elle Fanning did great as Aurora. This was the first thing I have ever seen her in, but she seems to be a great actress.Overall the movie was great and I give it a 10/10.
평점: 10	리뷰: Angelina Jolie has kind of retired from acting. Unfortunately. She's one of this era's best actresses but she barley takes on any roles and she hasn't acted since the mediocre The Tourist. She directed and it wasn't half bad. If you have been lucky enough to have seen In The Land of Blood and Honey then you know what I mean and her second direction is just waiting to be released. I guess she has to raise the 6 kids out of something so she can't always do art films, and because she is a mom getting into the Disney world is kind of a given, when you get to play one of the most grand characters. The plans for the film had been made a while ago, I don't know whose idea it was but it's not bad. Take a classic Disney film, in our case Sleeping Beauty, and breaking tradition put the bad guy center stage, I would assume that the studio heads ate up the idea, I get why. Of course the film only works if you get the right actress to play her. Jolie's casting was a given. Then they just needed a professional director and scriptwriter a bunch of money and we can kind of guess that it'll work. And does it? Well sort of. Okay so the film isn't bad, this summer's films are filled with better and better productions. Blockbuster after blockbuster and none of them are big disappointments. The same goes for Malefincent. I wasn't disappointed, but is that enough? That's kind of the question. First off Robert Stromberg has two Oscar's for Art direction but he's never directed before but he does his job well, he spent the 200 mill. wisely. The film is visually pleasing. It's not too long and it keeps up the pace the whole time, it's entertaining. The script also landed in the hands of a professional. Linda Wolverton wrote the script with the same stability she showed during Lion King and Beauty and the Beast. You really can't criticize the actors either. Jolie is a one woman show and she carries the production. The only drawback with this is that Elle Fanning isn't even on the same playing field as Jolie. Besides her maybe Imelda Staunton stands out. So yeah everything is done professionally, unfortunately only one thing made it go off course, and that's that it was made by Disney. That's it's biggest problem, and Disney is true to form, the film isn't brave enough. When all is said and done Maleficent is the bad guy, but not here, here she's just misunderstood. Disney can't allow a really bad character to be the main in its film. The only thing wrong with this that with a little courage this could have been the best Disney fairytale ever, the way it is, it's just good. There are other things wrong with it too, the prince's character is not just bad, there really isn't a point to him at all and the King's and Maleficent's hatred is not developed and the way and when Malefincent uses magic has no logic, but those were just small mistakes, that I don't think will really trip up viewers Oh and Lana Del Ray's version of I know you haunting. All in all I think everyone who like Disney films and wants to watch a family pic will like it, if you're not a big fan they you may fell like something is missing. My disappointment steams from the fact that it could have been better. But that's the difference between a 7 and a 10 point film. 7/10 https://www.youtube.com/user/silverscreenreviews1
평점: 5	리뷰: This is the BEST movie of the year ! It's just amazing !Angelina Jolie's acting is just amazing. She MUST get Oscar for this one. The story is so wonderful. And the quality is the best. This has nothing to do with Frozen, don't compare them . This is FILM , which includes acting, it's not animation.The core of this story is that Maleficent actually was wronged and severely injured by someone she loved, causing her to lash out in anger and vengeance in a way that wronged and severely injured someone she would come to love (and who loved her, too).You should watch it, you won't be disappointed. I love it <3
평점: 10	리뷰: Well this was another case of the previews being nothing like the movie. The previews made it seem like this was going to be a dark and more mature version of the Disney movie sleeping beauty. The previews made it seem like this version of sleeping beauty would be like Chris Nolan's version of batman. Well sadly it was not. It was the typical movie that you could expect from Disney. It was the usual Disney movie with the pony puff princess flair, very juvenile and not meant for the viewing of anyone above age 10.Jolie is no doubt a force to be reckoned with. She's beautiful and commands attention, but she hardly had any lines. I wish they had given her more lines! I was also excited to see Copley under the direction of someone besides Bloomkamp, but he came off the same way he did in his previous 2 movies. I liked the premise that true love can come from someone other than a handsome prince and Jolie looked amazing in her makeup and costume and Fanning did a great job playing the naïve princess. Overall I thought it was an average movie
평점: 9	리뷰: I got lucky enough to go to an advance screening the night before it released, and I usually don't get so invested in a movie. I had my eyes glued to the screen the whole time. The world was so beautiful and alive and you felt like you had a place in it. The characters were lively and fun. (of course Maleficent is the most fleshed out)The story was awesome and I never thought I would root for another anti- hero like I did with Walter White.DEFINITELY go see this movie. It's worth the price and worth adding to your collection when it releases.
평점: 7	리뷰: Five minutes into the movie were enough to make me understand that this movie was going to be a very different version of Sleeping Beauty's Tale. However, it is not cliché at all. Maleficent has many nuances and facets, and it's very interesting to see her changes and her motives. There is even a little bit of humor, which comes naturally and makes the spectator smile a bit, contrasting with the darker tone of the movie. Angelina Jolie is amazing, she really portrays Maleficent as this sophisticated and dark woman, but who is also driven by strong feelings such as hate, love and selfishness; not pure evil. The acting is a 10, there's even a scene where Angelina gives me the chills. I now understand why it's "appropiate for all audiences". The reason why I give it a nine out of ten because a) I expected it to be much darker and b) I am also a bit disappointed on the fact that they didn't play Lana del Rey's version of "Once Upon a Dream" in the movie, except in the credits.
평점: 10	리뷰: Well over all it's a nice movie. It's got its powerful and iconic Disney character played by a wonderful actress, an enjoyable (although faulty) plot, and its touch of Disney magic. What bothers me is this could have been so much more.I'm going to start by saying that Maleficent looked spectacular and her back-story was actually quite entertaining. Angelina Jolie is still a great actress and she still managed to move me. When the fairy lost her wings and you see her cry in anguish it hurts you as much as it does her. The dark clad and angsty side of the character is also portrayed fantastically with the curse scene being an exact copy of the cartoon version. Its after that point though that the movie seemed to fall apart a bit.Maybe I'm too traditionalist, but having seen the original made me a tad disappointed in this representation. Maleficent does turn into an evil b****, but only for about three minutes while acting like an actual fairy god-mother for the rest of the feature. I hated how Stephan became this ruthless antagonist and how his relationship with the witch did not seem to change much of the plot. His character had so much more potential! Aurora might add little to the whole story, but alas her character is a naive and innocent girl so I was not expecting much. Diaval the raven was actually a lot more enjoyable and entertaining to see on screen, although I would have preferred Angelina being the one who turns into a dragon. Philip was not even in the movie... wait what's that? He was? Oh I had not noticed.The plot itself is not bad and has some hidden symbolic parts. I say hidden because they are really covered by loads of predictable and cliché' scenes. Not to mention, the movie is also plagued by some plot- holes (Who named the child Maleficent anyway?).I'm not writing this to say it was a bad movie, quite the opposite. It was a good movie both graphically and plot-wise, but it ultimately failed to deliver anything truly special to the audience. I would have had the protagonist be a lot more dark (she was a hurt and betrayed soul after all), but it's also true that Disney would not like releasing a movie whose main character is actually a dark villain.In the end I guess I'm just upset that they had the means to make this a truly great movie, but for some reason decided to leave them out. Well, the title does read Maleficent and if it is just Maleficent you wanted to see then you won't be disappointed... just don't think too much of everything else that's happening around her.
평점: 10	리뷰: I really enjoyed the turn around of this story. Watching the Disney "Sleeping Beauty" movie, I always saw Maleficent as nothing more than an evil character. In this movie, though, I saw a whole other side of her; I actually felt sorry for her. She seemed like any other woman, simply betrayed by her boyfriend.I enjoyed Maleficent's connection with Aurora. It was great that, although she wasn't able to, Maleficent tried to remove the curse, and later she was desperate to get Prince Phillipe to Aurora. She simply needed an angel, a pure hearted person to help her get rid of the darkness in her heart.
평점: 4	리뷰: Jolie gives a truly outstanding performance just wonderful. She is magnificent as Maleficent. The old saying - she was born to play this part is truly apropos. From start to finish this movie was so very well done. You are engaged for the opening scene until the final credits. As a child you would watch Snow White and for me wonder why she was the way she was... you want to know the where, how and especially the why. This give you the back story you always wanted to know. The cast, special effects and story were spot on. This movie does for Sleeping Beauty - what Wicked did for the Wizard of Oz. A must see summer movie... so very worth the price of admission.
평점: 10	리뷰: i don't know, i have been excited for this film for a very, very long time. i watched all the trailers and got so excited for the cast and the soundtrack featuring lana del rey too. but now Maleficent is finally here it fell flat.firstly, the CGI was lovely and i feel like 3d (what i watched it in) may have enhanced the experience. it looked and felt very vast and real.the one constant positive throughout the film is maleficent's image. the prosthetics, costume design, makeup, everything to bring the classic maleficent to life. she is sinister and evil looking, dark, and while it's modern it still remains loyal to the image of the cartoon version.if only the character was as dark as her image. they made maleficent emotional, forgiving, empathetic. emotions you shouldn't really be seeing from 'the mistress of all evil.' there were even moments where she cracked little side jokes that made the audience laugh. maleficent ISN'T funny! (despite this angelina jolie's acting was solid and she really got into her role.)the opening which features some story telling of maleficent's childhood is literally borderline unsalvageable. i've never seen such terrible child acting.i understand why though. Disney's primary concerns are financial. the film was so traditional. 'true loves kiss', clash towards the middle, happy ending. they just want to appeal to as many paying children and parents as possible rather than focusing on creating an adventurous film that is lengthy containing with a proper back story rather than what felt like a cop out story. (love betrays her, seeks revenge blah blah blah).this film is not a bad film. it looks nice with some solid acting and will undoubtedly entertain children - which, at the end of the day is what its there to do. it might be me having such massively high expectations for it.anyone seeking something slightly different from Disney tradition, and anyone who wants a loyal adaptation of the maleficent character probably will not enjoy this film. it is way, way too safe for a film about such a sinister character.
평점: 2	리뷰: I'm not a Disney Fan. I never cared for the Princess themed films. I never understood why the Queen in Snow White or Maleficent in Sleeping Beauty were at all threatened in beauty or charm or intellect by the youth in each film.This film is absolutely brilliant. It finally shows a view that makes sense from a story telling stand point, it shows the grace and charm of a character who is not a "princess" (by title), and it has a clear beginning, middle and end for all motivation on the part of principle characters.This might be one of the single best narrated film in the entire history of Disney, and perhaps of all time. This might be the single best character actress performance by Angelina Jolie since Gia, or possibly of her entire career. This cast might be the most simplistic yet perfect cast ever put together to tell a small story in a tremendously beautiful way, with universal messages that cross all relationships.I knew I would appreciate Jolie on the big screen. What I didn't know is that the story is, by it's telling in this film, NOW a 'classic" story. Anything including the original animated version pales by comparison.I can't say it's the greatest film I've seen or the best this year or any of those things because it can not be put into any of those categories nor compared to any other film.This film, in some way, I believe simply by the story itself, and how it is told, stands apart from any film I've seen in quite possibly decades.I saw it, went out to the box office, got another ticket, and saw it again. And I plan to see it again if possible. I saw the 2D version.I am not a 3D or IMAX person, and I am not a fan of blu-ray, but THIS FILM needs to be seen in any and all formats. If you thought the Lord of the Rings films or the Hobbit films were beautifully done, THEY can't even be compared to the telling of this tale.Maleficent might be the most brilliantly told story I've seen in my entire life (and I've seen many many films in many genres). I want to read it as it is told in the film, and I think in the telling this version is the only version need ever be told.Absolutely magnificent. I'm spellbound.
평점: 7	리뷰: I had my doubts before, but now I am sure if it.Disney has sold out. Recently Disney has been releasing films that, whether the public chooses to acknowledge it or not, have been paint-by-numbers at best. Films like The Lone Ranger, Thor The Dark World, and Frozen. Yes, Frozen. It's the same Disney crap you've seen over and over, people. Don't get me wrong, I LOVE Disney. But not THIS Disney... one that would butcher one of its own beloved fairy tales to make a quick buck. Yes, you heard right. Disney did stoop that low. I should have known that this film would be garbage from the get-go when they hired Alice in Wonderland writer Melissa Woolverton to pen the screenplay and Alice in Wonderland production designer Robert Stromberg to direct (Are you sensing a pattern here?) Let's touch on that for a moment-- The Mouse House, in its infinite wisdom, got a PRODUCTION DESIGNER/VFX SUPERVISOR WHO HAD NEVER DIRECTED ANYTHING TO DIRECT THEIR $200 MILLION BLOCKBUSTER. As a result, Maleficent's beautiful visuals carry no weight, and the actors for the most part seem utterly lost. Because what the hell would a set designer know about directing actors? Even Angelina Jolie can't pull off her real emotional scenes because she is left to direct herself. What really sank this movie for me was Disney blatantly ripping themselves off and using the "true love" twist from Frozen. Literally THE EXACT SAME TWIST. I have no problem with Disney creating a strong independent heroine... but if you're going to do that, Don't have your heroine wear a skintight leather black cat suit in the climax of your movie! In short, Disney has definitely lost its magic, and it's going to be tough to get it back. Don't listen to the positive reviews. Remember how glowing Alice in Wonderland's were when it first came out? You have been warned.
평점: 5	리뷰: I had high hopes for this movie, and was waiting to see it for months. I convinced my family that I just had to see it opening night.Let me just say that I'm a 90's baby and grew up on the classic animated Disney movies; before the age of computer animated movies with little to offer. "Sleeping Beauty" was one of my favorites, and Maleficent was one of my favorite villains. The trailer looked phenomenal, but do not go see this movie based on the trailer! While Angelina Jolie was an AMAZING Maleficient - she gave me chills when she first appeared as the "evil" Maleficient - do not have high expectations for this movie. I was expecting some dark, ominous plots while following Maleficent throughout the story. While the kids in the theater loved it - they laughed and they gasped - it certainly is a movie made for small children. It does not follow the original "Sleeping Beauty" storyline at all, which may be okay for the kiddies and for Disney to get their PG rating, but for the rest of us that grew up on this film, it's a disappointment. I don't mind some creative differences between the original; it is to be expected. But this completely changed the story. Overall, it's a pretty good movie. Nothing like the trailers. Everything in the trailers are the only truly "dark", action parts of the movie. It's great for the kids, and classic Disney happily ever after. Since this movie was advertised as the story from Maleficient's point of view, I expected it to be just that. But it's a whole new story, which portrays Maleficient a more of a misunderstood heroine than the deliciously evil villain we have all come to love. Let's be real here, Maleficient was always one of the most purely evil and magnificent villains in any Disney movie. I scared of her as a young girl - they even had to cast Angelina Jolie's daughter as one of the young Auroras because they kids were too afraid of her. I think this movie would have been a million times better if it had the darker aspects of Maleficent and a PG-13 rating. Still, it's a movie worth seeing, even just to admire the spectacular special effects and a solid performance from Angelina Jolie.
평점: 5	리뷰: This movie seemed to not know if it was Arthur or Martha. The trailer promised us a dark movie which was evident in some scenes but did not mix well with the light hearted Disney spin in many other scenes.The pace of the movie was way too fast while Auora was growing up and the story line was just wrong for this movie.The movie looked great but it lacked substance from a story line perspective, almost like a report which presents well with binding and laminated pages but with utter crap inside.If it wasn't for Angelina I probably would have walked out.The target market for this movie (16+) was just wrong and should have been for children.
평점: 7	리뷰: First the positive: Maleficent the character happens to wear the same make up as the superstar celebrity Angelina Jolie does in real life.Now my problems with this movie and the Hollywood studios mentality in general:Why do all movies nowadays have to be so violent, cynical, and have post ironic twists to change up the classic stories they are asking us to PAY TO SEE AGAIN due to nostalgia? Just make a PG13 or R rated film for adults if you want to make these emo-dark violent kids movies.The distracting discount Michael Bay King AKA Sharlto Copley (who is actually a great actor in most films) is not even sleep walking or phoning in this movie, he acts as if he does not even remember how to act or that a camera is rolling and that he is being paid MILLIONS of dollars to do the simple task of reciting words written on a page for him, which is his profession. He is terrible and it is offensive how terrible his performance is knowing that he CAN in fact act, so this recent trend of talented celebrities *AHEM, BRUCE WILLIS...HARRISON FORD...ANTHONY HOPKINS...DE NIRO...PACINO ETC -- Need to either retire with their gobs of money and accomplishments or start doing what they are paid very well to do and ACT for jebus sake.Where did the CGI budget go? This looks worse than a SCI FI Channel show. It looks worse than the BIBLE series on History Channel, and at least that used bad CGI only for establishing shots. The intro to this film looks like a failed PIXAR studios test short from the 1980s or something...why are they charging us 10 dollars to see something they cannot afford to produce better than an old episode of Flash Gordan? Insult to injury.And this is PG and people across the globe are going to think it is child friendly. Well..not really. Is child abuse funny? Women getting smacked around by men? Battles and men on fire? A man being killed by a long fall to his death? A man asking other soldiers to bring him a woman's head? Yeah...classic Disney stories for the children.A random afterthought love interest who of course does not truly love sleeping beauty since he exchanged only, hmmm, FIVE LINES OF Cliché DIALOGUE WITH HER>>> Resulting in true love being only from adopted mommy Angelina kissing her forehead. WHAT IS THIS GARBAGE? Is this some twist of an already bizarre message? I will not even get into the absurd villain and his ridiculously inconsistent behavior which is a huge plot hole...hell I am sick of even talking about this garbage.SO MAKE UP YOUR MIND Hollywood. Is every movie dark or is it happy? Does it always either have to be Dark Knight Dark or Iron Man Irony? Can we just watch something that is not cynical or worst of all treating the audience like idiots. The real idiots are the studios and writers thinking this garbage is worth even a DVD rental. No more of this nonsense is sponsored by my wallet anymore. One good thing from seeing this film..
평점: 10	리뷰: I saw "Maleficent", starring Angelina Jolie-Salt_the sequel is in the works_, Lara Croft:Tomb Raider; Elle Fanning-We Bought a Zoo, Super 8, Oh yeah, she is Dakota's younger sister and Sharlto Copley-The A- Team_2010, District 9.It's been 55 years since the original Disney Sleeping Beauty was released, back in 1959. This is not a remake of that classic film, but it is based on it. It goes more into the early history of the characters. As the film starts, Maleficent is a child who is a fairy with horns on her head and big wings on her back. She is a good person, both to other fairies and creatures of the forest and even to nature itself. Then, she meets, falls in love with and gets betrayed by a normal human and things turn dark. Angelina plays Maleficent as an adult and Sharlto plays the grown up betrayer, who is now a king. Elle plays Sharlto's daughter, the girl who is to become sleeping beauty. The effects are pretty good, as well as the acting. The only thing is that it may be a little too scary for smaller kids; I saw several people with young kids in my theater that seemed a little frightened during certain scenes. Lana Del Rey sings Once Upon a Dream for the main theme song of the movie. It was rated "PG" for violence and frightening images and has a running time of 1 hour & 37 minutes. I enjoyed it and would probably buy it on Blu-Ray.
평점: 10	리뷰: Didn't expect a masterpiece going in, but exited realizing "Maleficent" is one of the best, most beautiful films I've ever experienced.It is superlative in every way; executed with meticulous care by experts at every level: screen writing, casting, art direction, cinematography, production design, producing, lighting design, CGI, stunt coordination, acting and directing.Shot after stunningly lit and composed shot, the film is a visual classic from opening to fadeout. If you know even a few basics of how things are done, there are moments where your jaw drops open - and stays there - in amazed appreciation for what this team accomplishes.It veers delicately, sometimes like lightning, from warmth to laughs to concern to sorrow to tears to majesty and back again; building, building to one moment (just before the magnificent climax) that you suddenly know / hope is coming - about ten seconds before it does - which makes it even more magical and earns your gratitude for what they've done with this timeless fairy tale.Every inch of the huge 3D screen displays an unbelievably rich collaboration in the joys of virtuoso film making destined to last as long as Disney's original, delivered by artists at the top of their crafts.Above them all: the remarkable Angelina Jolie (who also co-executive produced).A milestone in its genre!
평점: 9	리뷰: The first thing you notice are the horns. They're impressive. They rise at least a foot off of Angelina Jolie's head, twisting and turning like a country road and then arriving at two fine tapered points that face east and west. You can't stop staring at them, and the fact that they tower above one of the most famous faces of the 21st century is nothing but a bonus.Angelina Jolie is the reason to see Maleficent; the movie practically rises and falls on the power of her performance. She has a face seemingly born for menace and so it is surprising that out of a career that spans nearly three decades this is the first time she's ever played a villain. She comes to it very naturally. There's great joy in her menace – a certain perverse pleasure in snapping her fingers and wreaking a big of havoc on the spot. She could have been one of the X-Men.Her organic tools work well here. She has a dark look about her, a menace that she can't hide even when the character is called on to be nice. Her bright green eyes are hypnotic, her complexion is a pallid white, and her famous lips are painted blood red as if slathered on with a paint roller. They accent a perfectly wicked smile. When Maleficent smiles she bears a row of pearly whites that spread across her face like the Cheshire Cat, jangling the notion something wicked this way comes.Jolie is so good in the title role of Maleficent, that you wish she were cast in a better movie. We are told, as you may have heard, that this is the legend of Sleeping Beauty told from the villain's point of view. On that track, it works, until a third act and a crummy finale that yanks the rug out from under what we've just seen.As the movie opens we meet Maleficent, a winged, human-sized fairy who lives in a dark wood where she is feared by mankind. At first, she isn't all bad. She's actually kind of nice, adopting the Grizzly Adams role of the fairy tale forest populated by walking trees and tiny sprites. Next door is a kingdom where lives a king who fears Mal and her defense of the realm.The king threatens her. One thing leads to another. Mal is tricked by Prince Stefan (Sharlto Copley) who mutilates her in her sleep. Years go by; the prince becomes a king, then marries and has a daughter that he names Aurora. Over the years, Maleficent stews in hatred and when the baby is born she visits the castle wherein she curses the newborn child to sleep forever upon pricking her finger on a spinning needle on her sixteen birthday – essentially all the stuff that you saw in the trailer.Actually, up to this point, the movie isn't half bad. Director Robert Stromberg, a former visual effects artist who won Oscars for Alice in Wonderland and Avatar, has a sure hand with his visuals. He tries to tell a pure fairytale without being cheeky or modernistic (this isn't Shrek). He wants to capture some of the Disney magic of the past, and in many ways he succeeds. The forests don't look like real woods, but like something out of a book. That's a smart idea. He keeps the modern world out of the story, save for one amusing reference in which Jolie tells a little girl "I don't like children." Think about that.Where he fails is in the story department. Some sympathy with Maleficent is fine up to a point, but the movie leans too far in that direction until she practically becomes a hero. The supporting characters – save for Prince Stefan – are all vapid, dunderheaded and one-dimensional. They include Princess Aurora (Elle Fanning) who's plucky demeanor has one speed: pluck. And there's Prince Phillip (Brenton Thwaites) who has the personality of a box of drywall screws.Plus, there are three dimwitted fairies charged with looking after Aurora: Knotgrass, Flittle and Thistletwit (Imelda Staunton, Lesley Manville and Juno Temple) who are so irritating that they literally bring the movie to a dead stop – Jar Jar Binks was more hip.The final act of the movie is a mess, the motivations aren't very clear, and Sleeping Beauty's famous slumber is relegated to a power nap (the kiss to wake her up is just bizarre). The movie reeks of Summer Movie sameness, in which we get the lion's share of CGI, bombastic music, and a script that feels like it was written by committee. The movies stumbles badly when it closes on a positive note where it should be leaving an open door – this is, after all, a prequel. Yet, right there in the center of the movie is a diamond in the rough, a performance that brings the movie out the doldrums. Angelina Jolie is clearly the right actress in the right role who seems to be having fun with it. She takes the role by the horns and she doesn't let us down.
평점: 10	리뷰: ***WARNING – SPOLERS AHEAD!***After having waited for what seemed like an eternity, I finally saw Maleficent today. Naturally, being an avid Disney consumer, my expectations were high and, having seen a great deal of the official material as well as a great deal of similar movies, I had an hunch in what concerns the main plot line and what the "denouement" would reveal.For one thing, the movie is splendid to behold. Clearly, Stromberg, having a vast experience and understanding in what concerns the fantasy genre, did put a great deal of effort in the visuals, especially whilst designing the sets. King Stefan's castle is a nostalgic reproduction of the fairy tale classic in the original animated movie, the interiors and exteriors alike paying homage to what was defined in Sleeping Beauty as a "new Disney visual style". The Moors, by contrast, are a previously unexplored location which, although seem disturbingly similar to the landscapes in Oz, are different when regarding the details and the lavish, luscious Faerielands are truly enchanting and prove to be a real treat for the eyes.The story line shows several weak points where one might think that one particular scene was inserted solely to fill in an empty space. However, the way I see it, the director has chosen this formula so as to illustrate one of the main themes present throughout the film: the existence of opposites. It's a world of good and evil we are introduced to, one of men and faeries – to speak clearly, mankind and nature. The environmental references are obvious and seek to show the fact that the only way in which nature and the human race will coexist is by symbiosis – learning to rely on each other. Whenever man attacks, nature strikes back. Such mirrored images are shown on the occasion of Stefan's coronation when Maleficent also takes to the throne and when Stefan dispatches his armies and Maleficent raises the wall of thorns.Comparing the movie to the original animated feature, it greatly expands on the universe Sleeping Beauty established and it is clearly stated by the narrator (later revealed to be Aurora herself) that "we know the story, so we shall now learn the truth". Purists will have to be disappointed by the fact that the movie does not reproduce the animated feature word-for-word and frame-for-frame, though references are made throughout. The christening scene is the most meaningful in that context, as Maleficent's lines are changed here and there just a wee bit, in order to accommodate the story properly, without leaving loopholes. True Love's Kiss gets a new meaning while the word "know" from the original curse is replaced with "meet", foreshadowing the fact that ANYONE who is to meet the princess shall undeniably fall enchanted by her.Characters receive depth, the one-dimensional characters in the animated classic disappearing into thin air. Gone is the evil fairy who curses a baby for no good reason whatsoever and incoming the Queen of the Moors, bearing a betrayed, broken and stone heart. Angelina Jolie does stellar work impersonating Maleficent, her voice resonating in a similar manner to Eleanor Audley's. A pleasant appearance before Stefan steals her wings, she bares her teeth soon after, the christening scene being her character's climax. Red lips curling into smiles and sadistic frowns, silent, but vibrant evil laugh, gleaming, ice-cold yellow-ish eyes, coupled with a taste for stressing the vowels and smart sarcasm, she makes a king bow before her, begging for the life of his daughter (oh yes, the costumes are gorgeous, very fitting). Her answer to his plea is the sickest joke of fate – the only way for his daughter to awaken from the death sleep is the one thing that does not exist nor will it ever be. In spite of her desire for revenge, she has retained her humanity and soft spot for the innocent as she discovers that the girl she cursed should not bear the weight of her father's mistake. Step by step the two grow close, the actress playing the savory stereotype of a villain with a distaste for children as if she reveled in it. Of light humor is also her companion and servant, the raven Diaval. The two share a bond, which is strengthened by the occasional bickering – Diaval is Maleficent's little brother in more ways than one.Stefan's character also gains dimension, but only by the means of his wild ambition to become king. He ignores his moral values and his beginnings as a thief serve as a foreshadowing for his treacherous character. In the long run, however, he proves to be just another coward – he failed to kill Maleficent the first time around, and didn't struggle too much in their second encounter. Is it redemption, or maybe guilt? Maybe, but he's still a coward for not carrying out the deed from the beginning (not unlike the huntsman in the tale of Snow White, obvious reference, since the mishap sets the rest of the story in motion in both cases). The three pixies however are a bit of a nuisance. Annoying, incompetent and truly foolish, they are too preoccupied by their own worries rather than tend to the child they were entrusted. Which brings about Maleficent's "wicked sense of fun" in one scene, scaring the three ninnies by planting a storm in their cottage. Other than that, the interactions between Maleficent and the pixies show the former always looking down upon the latter, and with good reason.I greatly enjoyed the film and though the pace mat be uneven at times, one should reflect upon the message the movie tries to communicate, for it is, in many, many ways, more than just a fairy tale. It's life today as we know it, only with a harmonious, happy ending.
평점: 8	리뷰: Maleficent did great justice to the original Sleeping Beauty and perfectly brought true light to one of my favorite childhood villains. I'm completely blown away, teary-eyed, and mouth-gaped the entire time. Angelina not only captured Maleficent's eccentric essence but went above and beyond. To be honest, I didn't know much or cared about her, but this film convinced me of her talents. From the trailers, I thought there wasn't anything new to see, just a fancy remake of the original, but when I went in, Disney wins me over again! Maleficent is an extraordinary film, despite those egotistical, skeptical, grumpy reviews by people who take pride in themselves and pretentious film knowledge too seriously--an audience never fit for Disney.
평점: 10	리뷰: As I've been HIGHLY anticipating its release, I saw the Thursday (May 29) showing of Maleficent. The most that I could gather from the previews was that Angelina Jolie makes a fierce Maleficent, and in that respect, I think very few people will be let down. While it probably won't blow you out of the water, I can tell you that Maleficent is an entertaining live-action take on the timeless animated feature, Sleeping Beauty... While the effects aren't groundbreaking or super- remarkable, the cast's genuine portrayals and the unique twist on events make it worth seeing. The message that "everything is not what it seems" is nothing new, but in my opinion, the delivery shines. Not everybody will be enchanted by the live-action prequel (of sorts) to the 1959 animated Sleeping Beauty, but those willing to take Maleficent at face value probably won't be disappointed. Read the entire review on my blog: http://natalietsays.wordpress.com/2014/05/31/maleficent/
평점: 3	리뷰: I wasn't sure what to expect at the theatre. I wasn't a great fan of Anjelina Jolie. Most of the audience were young girls. I was sitting there with my son and wondering if he would have to keep quiet about watching it when he returned to school! However, my worries were quickly dispelled.It was a story for all ages and sexes. There was action, romance, humour. There was also pathos (I admit to a rare tear in my eye at one point). I can never watch the original again without shouting "That's not how it happened!" It looked fantastic. The magical world looked magical. The human castle looked forbidding.Anjelina Jolie was fantastic. I think I'm a fan now! She is one of the few that can do a good English accent. It was funny that all the humans had Scottish accents! Go and see it!
평점: 10	리뷰: This movie fails to show why a remake was necessary. It fails to bring the morals of the old movie into the modern world and it fails to develop the characters overall. It also shows a disappointing amount of visual inconsistency just to promote one Hollywood Star. The female-female-relationship as central point rather than the male- female-relationship is nothing new since Frozen. In fact, Prince Philip, who is even more one-dimensional than his cartoon-version, is still there at the end to be the one and only. Considering how easy this film avoids any conversational aspects between Aurora's real parents and "adoptive parents" just shows that plot development and modern problems were not what the writers thought about. Aurora's mother dies off-screen and nobody, not her husband, not her daughter ever seem to take any notice. Just to avoid any problems between the two mother figures in this movie.Not only the Queen and the young Prince are loosing screen-time and depth, the three good fairies in the Original had personalities, while they are now only a bunch of annoying and incompetent additions for the sake of obvious humor. The third fairy never actually was able to give her wish. The movie never explains this plot whole. Maleficent is a movie starring a cartoonist version of Angelina Jolie in a movie about Angelina Jolie. No character apart from her has been developed with any love or thought. They are all background for more Angelina Jolie. Overall I am deeply disappointed. If you compare the old "Sleeping Beauty" with the new movie you can see the Disney tendency to go from timeless movies to something that looks great but communicates nothing. Don't watch it with your children, they will not learn more than what they can get from the old movies. Don't watch it for the sake of nostalgia, because it's unable to provide the same quality it used to, before 3D was able to overcome any plot wholes. And don't watch it for the sake of crafty 3D. The same expected shots of flying, sunsets and growing plants are used over and over again. You will get tired of seeing the same overly perfect shot repetitively.
평점: 5	리뷰: Dark, menacing and possessed of a twisted sense of humor, this film is a visual treat. In fact, the imagery is so intense that the story can be missed. Light streams from a distance, fingers of wispy mist.The story is being casually dismissed by some, but I would point out that it is a fairy tale, a kids movie for adults. Jung would have a field day with the layers on layers of meaning... or just turn off the brain and let the eye candy blow out the walls.It is worth the extra $ for 3-D. The effects are consistently interesting, and only rarely is there the cheap COMING RIGHT AT YOU effect that was old and worn when it was used in the 50's.Jolie, not my favorite actress, caught me so totally off guard that I (yep) forgot it was her. Kudos, and it would actually be a good thing to hear "And the Oscar goes to..." This is the second film from Disney that raises the notion of what is meant by "true love," and I for one endorse this. As in Frozen, an enchantment has to be broken by true love, but it is not a romantic love, but a love for another that, in Frozen, calls for a sacrifice and in Maleficent a love that is rooted in a mother/child relationship. One could say that Maleficent is the Evil Stepmother that comes to regret her actions that were formed at an early age and is thus redeemed. Oh, and again, Bad Man Falls To Death. Well, y'know: Disney. They do that.
평점: 6	리뷰: Ciaran: So like most people i saw the trailer, i even watched it in German and initially i was thinking that Maleficent would be decent and once again i was completely wrong. Maleficent is a Clichéd, Poorly written and just outright boring film. Yes, the visuals were impressive and yes Angelina Jolie was the right choice for Maleficent but this movie had so many flaws it was just horrible. To begin with the dialogue, Maleficent's dialogue was enjoyable, but everyone else was just garbage. Stephan- Garbage, Aurora- Garbage, Everyone else- GARBAGE. And even when they said something it was cliché after cliché after cliché, i even started raising my hand when they said something clichéd. Don't think i was surprised by how the dialogue and story were just poorly written i knew who was behind this, her name- Linda Woolverton, she also wrote the 2010 Alice in Wonderland which was clichéd and poorly written. I can use one word to describe the story and dialogue and that word is poor. Onto direction and this is what i will say i was dazzled by the colours and the clichéd creatures- not, the visuals were great just everything was so clichéd that at least two times throughout the movie i really wanted to walk out of the cinema. Also the camera angles and shots in Maleficent are different to what we normally see, now this both made me interested and annoyed, yes some of the camera angles were interesting but it did get a little bit annoying after time, in some shots it just felt as if the director was saying 'i know nothing is happening, but just look at Jolie!' To sum it up Annoying and Clichéd. Onto acting, and i am going to say Angelina Jolie was by far the actress most suited to playing Maleficent, she looked the part and really soaked up her character. Elle Fanning- She was okay, she got annoying after a while as her whole character was 'oh, look everything is pretty, i'm pretty'. Other characters such as Stefan and the fairies were annoying for the whole movie, but whenever Jolie came on screen i was like 'alright lets see something happen'- basically i am trying to say that if Jolie wasn't in the scene i was bored, so really the acting was okay. I will quickly skip through the music and editing, the music was entertaining and kept me interested, the editing was strange in some areas, but for the most part it was fine. To conclude my review i was really hoping that the start to the summer blockbuster season would be better but i suppose my hopes now lie with X-Men, Planet of the Apes and How to Train Your Dragon 2, to sum it all up, Maleficent is a highly clichéd and a very boring movie. 5/10
평점: 9	리뷰: I watched this movie twice, and I think it is still pretty entertaining the second time round, so this shows that it is a good movie. We can't blame the plot for its "loopholes" or things that don't make sense, because it is based on the stupid fairytale, after all. So Maleficent already tried to build a story based on the really simple original. Firstly, I really like all the actors. Despite Elle Fanning's not really being a stunning beauty (perhaps she has not grown up enough yet), she has this smile that shows she's naive and innocent. Brendon Thwaites (I just saw him in Oculus) was really just acting like a lovestruck boy so he doesn't do much. Diaval was cute, and Angelina Jolie acted really well, both as the innocent fairy, evil witch and loving mother. It was also really satisfying seeing Dolores Umbridge being the old fairy who was bullied by the two younger ones. However, some things are problematic. The ending was also not a plagiarism of Frozen, because Anna and Elsa are sisters so of course they truly love each other, but you don't have to love your enemy's child. 1. Why on earth are the 3 fairies traitors? They suddenly decided to help the King, despite knowing that the King did wrong first, and somemore they still obey his every move and are scared of him? Where are their loyalties? 2. The tyrant King Stefan. Since he is of lowly birth and not even a good King, why doesn't anyone rebel? Hell, even mediocre Kings got overthrown, just look at China's emperors who were birthed by concubines and not the Queen, they had to listen to the ministers. He didn't even love his wife, so why didn't she rebel? 3. The iron part was not really utilised. Why doesn't Maleficent become more wary since she knew Stefan knew iron hurts her? Why didn't Stefan told the old King? 4. Why did the soldiers catapult fire into the trees all at once? A better way would be to experiment using just one. The humans appear to be stupid, they have no advanced weaponry yet still dare to fight against FAIRIES! 5. Why did Stefan become obsessed with killing Malefcent? He didn't even like his own daughter that much, or his wife. So he shouldn't care about his daughter's survival. I think Stefan had a low self-esteem, he is secretly jealous of Maleficent's power. He is also ambitious. However, he should be smarter than that, like remain on Maleficent's good side to ask her to use her magic to help him get the throne or something. Not fight against her, because she will lose. Overall, just watch for Angelina Jolie. She is a good actor and not to mention good-looking. Everyone else is not important.
평점: 10	리뷰: Maleficent is an amazing dark fantasy film for all ages! I have seen it in cinemas twice because I enjoyed it so much. Some people may think because it is Disney that it is for children, however that is not the case at all. I saw it the first time with a group of my friends (who are all 17) and the second time with my cousin who is 14. It is a film for anyone who enjoys this genre, Disney films, Angelina Jolie's acting etc. I am not going to include the plot as it contains big spoilers! All I will say is that this film is full of secrets that the audience were not expecting (you'll have to watch it to find out what they are!). Personally, I cannot imagine anyone playing the role of Maleficent better than Angelina Jolie. She was born to play Maleficent. She represents her in a way no one else could. Her acting in the film is incredible. Elle Fanning who play's Aurora and Sharlto Copley who plays King Stefan also show great acting skills in the film. If you plan on seeing it, I think it is definitely worth seeing in 3D. I saw it in 3D and 2D but preferred seeing it in 3D due to the amazing visuals included in the magical scenes that are contained in the film. I just loved everything about it. The sets and costumes are stunning and were perfect for this film. To conclude, all I can say is that this film will leave you fascinated, As an A-level film student I highly recommend this film so if you plan on seeing it, enjoy!
평점: 3	리뷰: Maleficent is an updated version of Disney's classic Sleeping Beauty, a bit more dark than the original, it mixes modern fantasy lore with a classic twist. In this movie Maleficent, played by Angelina Jolie, is a faerie that lives in the Moors, a mystical place that borders the human kingdom. This place is at peace and celebrates the beauty of the world. Maleficent crosses paths with Stefan, a human and they begin a lifelong friendship. Stefan then betrays Maleficent in order to become king and she puts a curse on his daughter Aurora that she will be pricked by a needle of a spinning wheel she will fall into a death sleep until kissed by her true love. Along with her crow, Diaval (Sam Riley), Maleficent makes for a dark but lovable character with a wicked sense. This movie captures this medieval world and is sure to become a Disney classic.
평점: 6	리뷰: I saw the trailer, expecting this to be an extraordinary movie. Angelina Jolie's looks is perfect for the part. The effects promised to be nothing short of awesome and the glimpse at the dragon woke up delightful memories of fear from the day I saw the original cartoon movie with my mom a long time ago. I bought the tickets to see it in 3D with my daughters and I could anticipate the atmosphere of malevolence from the dark Maleficent. Then it all changed. In the name of "doing something different" and to "surprise the audience", the screenplay writers threw a wonderfully balanced story out the window, and decided to make a nonsensical parody instead. Who do they think they are? to second guess writers that have thrilled whole generations of people and produce this garbage in the name of the box office? Not only did they alter the essence of the story, but they made a total confusion out of the message of good versus evil. -"what?"... "bad is good and good is bad?"... "or is it good sometimes and bad in others?"... What will the kids think? Do the screenplay writers really expect that the kids will readily understand how despair and betrayal can turn someone into a vengeful person? Does it even have a place in this story? Of course not! Kids may need to be taught reality in real life, but when they are told a story taking place in an imaginary world, they expect something straightforward so that a message stands clearly out. The only good thing that can come out of this is that someone, somewhere, makes a remix of this movie the way it should be done, filling the blanks with the original cartoon masterpiece. Shame on you Disney studios. Watch "Snow White and the hunter", and learn how a classic story should be told... and especially: how far it can be altered without losing its essence.
평점: 10	리뷰: A ruthless fairy is driven to curse an infant princess only to realise the child may be the only one who can restore peace. I grew up with Disney's old classic films but surprisingly I wasn't really excited to see this film. Robert Stromberg formerly worked as a visual effects supervisor on Avatar (2009), Alice in Wonderland (2010) and many others. For this new Disney production he's for the first time behind the camera. Maleficent is part of the classic tale Sleeping Beauty so it could be dangerous adapting it to the big screen. It must be an iconic actress to embody this iconic villain. And Angelina Jolie is the picture perfect of this character. She nailed it! I have to admit that I am disappointed by this film so far as I expected a little more of wicked and evilly things and less heart melting sequences. Beside Angelina Jolie, I feel like all the characters were ruined. From King Stefan to Aurora and the three fairies. Aurora seems very naive and "everything is beautiful and I'm pretty!" which is a bit annoying as her relationship with Maleficent is one of the most important theme of the movie. It's using Sleeping Beauty as a baseline but I'm not sure of how they justified and explained certain things. They find a way to make all sense but it's not systematically the best way. On the plus side, we have to keep in mind that this film is mainly targeting children. That's why it has some morale whether good or bad she is. The best scene is the baptism which is very similar as the fable. There are some very good battle sequences though. They might have tried a little to hard just to focus on Maleficent. Finally, this film is visually appealing but it's not much more than a kids movie. In fact, there is not very emotional weight.Overall, Maleficent is a magical and visually beautiful film destroying some iconic Disney characters with no major substance.
평점: 5	리뷰: I had different expectations for this film that wasn't met, which is actually both good and bad. you'll be surprised a bit, but at the same time disappointed of some parts you expected were going to become. Nonetheless, I had chills before, throughout, and after the entire movie.As a Disney fan I cannot be happier to have one of my most favorite classic Disney movie be remade and given a great twist. Most of all, I was so delighted to have one of the most mysterious villain ever to be played by such a powerful and talented actress.However, I think Angelina Jolie dragged the whole movie up herself. Her enigmatic presence and everlasting beauty basically is the reason why this movie is worth watching. Her acting is spot on, her face is eerily beautiful, and her interpretation of Maleficent's character is so good that you can't imagine anyone else who can do better than her.The storyline was somewhat predictable. Some scenes took me by surprise, but throughout the whole film you'd be getting minor details of how the whole movie's going to be. Long story short, it's an 80% Disney movie (which is basically for kids) and 20% Grimm's.The characterization of some of the cast were somehow far off from the original characters, which is both sweet and detrimental. You'd expect so much of what you've seen as a child and then be given this whole new different character from the film. Angelina gave so much power to her character but I think the director gave away a bit of the character's mystery. I was drawn for Maleficent's mysteriousness but the film didn't really gave me much of that dark and gloomy Maleficent I once known. It left me begging for more of her dark side.The whole production did such an amazing job. The cinematography is so astonishing, you'd think it'd be impossible to ever do a movie like that. The whole "fantasy" world they created is just beyond words.Overall, it was a great movie, but expect it to be very Disney and more approachable for young audiences. And also expect for a very different twist and changes from the storyline. It would probably kill 50% of your childhood and revive the other 50%. Well they did say in the end something about "The story they told you is different, and this is the real story behind Maleficent" or something. So that basically was the reviving part of the whole story. All my praises go to the production, the cast, and the amazing goddess of acting, Angelina Jolie for creating such a great movie.
평점: 8	리뷰: At the moment that I wrote this review I have just seen the movie. So this is an first impression review.I am, like most people, a fan of the original 1959 Disney classic 'Sleeping Beauty', and consider Maleficent as one of the most evil villains ever created by Disney. So I have no idea what to expect of this film with Angelina Jolie playing the title character. In the end, it was an enjoyable movie.As the plot of the movie, they changed Maleficents personality from just evil, to misunderstood, what is very interesting to me (you won't see the story of the original 1959 movie, only small scenes and the' once upon a dream' song at the end credits). She was in her childhood a good fairy, but was later betrayed by her lover, the later king Stefan (the real bad guy in this movie), who had stolen her wings in order to be king. She is slowly chancing into the villain we know from the first movie, seeking revenge to king Stefan and finds her crow (now a human character) later in the process. We later see an recreation of the scene in the original movie when Maleficent cursed the young Aurora.Let's talk about the best thing in this movie: Angelina Jolie playing the title character. She just is Maleficent. In the scene in which she cursed the young princes, it was like she came straight from the original movie, she even has the same creepy laugh.King Stefan was also different from the original, as the person who was the reason why Maleficent cursed his daughter. In this movie you see him becoming obsessed by Maleficent, what is turning him insane. That is what would happen to someone after 16 years of fear, that is something what was missing in the original movie.But this movie is not without it's flaws. The actress who plays Aurora is pretty bland. The three fairy's, the second best thing in the 1959 movie, are nothing from what they are in the original. And they misused prince Phillip in this movie. One thing I was really disappointed by was that Maleficent herself didn't turn into a dragon, instead her crow became one.In total, it is a good movie, but the original 1959 movie is more superior to this film. I recommend fans of the original to watch this movie, but they must not expect the original story. It is not even close to that.
평점: 8	리뷰: Enjoyed the movie. Loved Angelina Jolie's interpretation. There is one subtle connection within the movie and I have no idea whether it was intentional or not. I have read that the inspiration for Maleficient's eyes was the Feldspar mineral Labradorite. In Inuit lore, Labradorite is made from ordinary stones that have been transformed in the frozen fire of the Aurora Borealis. If anyone knows if this connection was intentional, please let me know.In any event, I have long held a fantasy of playing Maleficient. Now that Angelina has nailed the role, I guess I will just have to fantasize of playing Maleficent's mother.
평점: 6	리뷰: okay, if you ever watched Sleeping Beauty, you better forget everything about that movie, because it's totally different from what you expected. This is a story from Maleficent's side, and most likely it's the right one. ( it make more sense, at least ) .There are no bad side in this story, they all have their own reason and it all make sense now. Angelina Jolie is perfect for the role, and her acting was really good. Really convincing.However, there are one big part that a bit surprising though, when you learn about the real "true love kiss" , i think i understand that Disney want to change our perspective about true love , its not coming from random guy that you just met once, ya its love at first sight and everything, But, true love its much more deep than that. Maybe from some people , you'll find it disturbing or maybe it destroy your childhood, but i guess, this is the real one.I can wrap up this movie with one quote " Sometimes the nicest people you meet are covered in Tattoos" Maleficent , 8/10
평점: 10	리뷰: The Maleficent movie. You know, it wasn't that bad. From a visual standpoint, it was really cool. I liked the play of dark and light. There were ominous scenes interspersed with colorful, playful ones - a metaphor for Maleficent's dual personality perhaps.The biggest drawback? The story. My biggest "fear" going in was the obvious fact (judging from the trailers) that the film makers were going to turn Maleficent into a sympathetic character. They did that in spades, to an almost nightmarish neo-feminist ret-con level by rendering Maleficent into not just a sympathetic character, but a jilted lover, victim and full on hero of the Sleeping Beauty saga. Every male character was rendered callow or completely neutered. Maleficent, perhaps the greatest full-on villain in the Disney oeuvre, absolutely relishing in her wickedness, was forever altered into just another boring "warrior queen." We no longer have a personae we "love to hate" - we have a misunderstood soul we "feel bad for." But she does get a happy ending...Anyway, the absolute best reason to see this movie is Angelina Jolie. I've been a fan for ages, and this once again illustrates why. Not only is she absolutely beautiful, but she is also both magnificent and malevolent in certain scenes that are magical.
평점: 10	리뷰: This movie was honestly a lot different than I had expected. I was expecting more evil on Maleficent's part, however there was more depth in her character and I think the movie did a great job expressing her character in a more complex way. It was definitely a lot sadder than I had expected. I can't get over how great Angelina Jolie was as the part of Maleficent. Her expressions were extremely detailed and I was very impressed with her acting. I think this movie is a definite yes, and I will be back in theaters to watch it again. It was a beautiful film, and I think many will find that it is much more enjoyable than they had expected. I will definitely be recommending this movie to others!
평점: 9	리뷰: This film is a TRUE fairy tale. It's dark. It's raw. And it's written from the dark, raw experience of women. Maleficent is about what happens when your Prince turns into a Frog. It's the personal, inner journey to recover from a physical trauma and emotional betrayal by those who are closest to us and who we trust the most. It's about how to survive that type of horrific evil without becoming evil yourself. It's message is that profound.The critics complaining about this film want "fairy tales" to stay in the same "one-love-fits-all" mode where people are either good or evil and that all one needs is to find "romantic" love and marry a "good" Prince or Princess, and you will live "happily ever after," safe from any pain or sorrow. But real life is a lot messier than that.It's actually evidence of how rare it is to see women's unfiltered subjective emotional landscape portrayed on film that it seems many of the critics cannot even wrap their brains around it! No matter. This film is so sensually visually stunning and viscerally emotionally cathartic that sheer word of mouth enthusiasm is going to make this a blockbuster, no matter what the critics say.And it's equally rare to see a protagonist whose inner landscape is more complex than simply extracting revenge, destroying their enemies and...roll credits. People are more complicated than THAT fairy tale we are sold in every other "action" and "adventure" film that only serves to reinforce the psychopathic values of revenge and bravado.Sometimes a film is so ahead of its time that the critics are behind and so philosophically deep that it's message is incomprehensible to the more superficial among us. This is one such film.Woolverton and Jolie have crafted a masterpiece.Don't miss it.
평점: 10	리뷰: I expected to see a film about sleeping beauty and I assume that most people expect the same. I was pleasantly surprised to be surprised. The film is not what I expected. I also did not see this film in 3D, which I regretted by the end of the film. I could see moments (a lot of moments) that would have been beneficial if they would have been in 3D. Angelina Jolie (Maleficent) did a brilliant job playing the betrayed fairy. I do have to say that her cheek bones were pointy to the extreme. Elle Fanning (Aurora) is really making a name for herself. I am sure that by now she is tired of playing a younger Dakota. The three baby-sitters in this film Lesley Manville (Flittle), Imelda Staunton (Knotgrass) and Juno Temple (Thistletwit) have to be the worse babysitters on the planet. They were very cute as fairies, but when they became normal, they were just idiots. Watching them as adults was pretty painful and reminded me of the Three Stooges (which I do not like). Sam Riley (Diaval) was my favorite character in this film. I think that he provided a sense of humanity and sensibility as Maleficent's sidekick. The one thing that I did notice while watching the film is that a lot of adults kept getting up and walking out (to go to the restroom, buy more food, whatever). It was as if they were bored because they already knew what was going to happen. I have to say that I felt that way too for a while. I even stepped out to return a call to my mom. Turns out that there is a twist to the story and when that happened, everyone was glued to their seat. I think that the star of this film was the imagery. The creatures and background in this film was really what captured the attention of the audience (myself included). This is a film that I may have to go back and see it in 3D. By the way. at the end of the film all the little kids in the theater applauded, which is always a good sign for a Disney film.
평점: 7	리뷰: Do you really know the story of Sleeping Beauty? Do you really? Sleeping Beauty goes all the way back to the Brothers Grimm, but the version that we know dates back to the late 1950s. Well what do we actually know. We know that the King and Queen have a baby girl Princess Aurora and then the evil sorceress comes in and casts a curse on the princess that on her 16th birthday that she would fall in a sleep like death by pricking her finger. Well that's only part of the story. I'm saving the movie to tell you the rest, because this movie was beautifully done. My woman, the love of my life was not only exquisite, but stunning in the most devilishly sinister loving way, I love you so much Angelina Jolie – you gave the performance of your life alongside family. Yes, ladies and gentleman, that was her daughter Vivienne Marcheline Jolie-Pitt who played the young Aurora. This movie was beautifully and exquisitely done in every sense of the way and word. I have to give props to the director Robert Stromberg with this being his directorial debut. So what other Disney villains can we see in the future?
평점: 10	리뷰: Taken as a whole, the movie was rather underwhelming. However, mixed in with the many disappointments are moments of brilliance.THE GOOD: Angelina Jolie is absolutely BRILLIANT as Maleficent. Not only does she fit the part well she gives an amazing performance. Every moment she is on the screen she is wonderful. Also, the character which she plays, Maleficent, is both interesting and intriguing. Really great character arch there.My kids absolutely loved the movie. My 9 year old daughter even applauded at the end (and a few people joined her) and my 8 year old son said he loved it.THE BAD: The absolute worst was the voice over narration throughout the movie. There's a reason why there's a rule in the movie business that you shouldn't use it, because it smacks of lazy script writing. When you tell the audience instead of showing them it cripples the entertainment value of the film. Also, all the other characters were rather uninteresting, especially Aurora. Although my 8 year old son loved the movie he proclaimed that "Aurora was boring!" I agreed. The CGI was not up to snuff and was even distracting at times. Additionally, there were several scenes that I found cringe worthy, which was the result of some poor direction and weak screen writing.
평점: 5	리뷰: As Maleficent hit theaters the evening news reported that this may not be a show for young children and I had to wonder at what people think or should I say fail to think. Indulge me in a brief history review. Walt Disney's movies and theme parks were not done for young children, they were all created for adults, to feel young again. Maleficent is rated PG, parental guidance, not general audience. With that said - Maleficent is beautifully done and I am extremely pleased with Disney and the direction they took this film. As to the performance of Angelina Jolie, absolute perfection, no one could have done this better. A definite must see and own. The beauty of the film is inspiring and I look forward to sharing it with my grandchildren. For parents who may be apprehensive about taking their younger children, parents should always review things before introducing their children, no matter the rating.
평점: 3	리뷰: Let me tell you a storyOnce upon a time in a far, far away land there were two kingdoms, (actually one kingdom and one Utopian republican democracy), that didn't get on very well with each other. Both kingdoms where very beautiful, in a three dimensional computer generate picture sort of way, with a river in the middle, a ruined castle and everything. Well, this is the story of how two sixteen year old fall in love. One of them was a human boy, and the other a horned (get the hint of what is about to happen?) fairy girl called Maleficent. On a side note: what kind of parents hate their child much as to call her Maleficent?But back to the story, the human boy soon learns that the key to him becoming the king of all gloomy no sunshine kingdom is to get rid of Maleficent but as it happens, he can't get around to killing her because that would't be a very nice thing to do, right? Therefore he decides to cut her wings instead, leaving her there to grow all resentful and jealous while he marries the former king's daughter, whom we are not going to name because she is just not important enough. Maleficent is not best pleased with her sweetheart having a daughter with some other woman and on top of that not being invited to a party were everyone is going, even the annoying fairies... so she decides to give the little girl a birthday present, cursing her to sleep forever and ever until true love kiss and all that.One day, when Aurora is just about to turn sixteen, and after surviving multiple potentially painful deaths with the help of fairy god-mother, she meets baby faced prince Phillip, who is a lovely lad, but not enough to be anything more than a pretty face in this story. They sort-of- fall-in-love-but-not-just-yet and then Aurora has a typical teenager moment and runs away from home, gets pricked by the magic turning wheel and goes to a roughly half an hour nap until (spoiler alert) true love kiss wakes her up. Long story told short, good old Lara Croft with wings destroys the evil madman king, suddenly there is peace between gloomy kingdom and fluffy bunny land and everyone is happy, even Aurora, whose dad was killed just a few minutes ago; but don't blame her, it's not her fault, she was "blessed" to always be happy.Now you know the truth. And the moral of this story is that if you ever date a horned fairy don't dump her, things can get very nasty. On the other side, if you are a fairy, don't date a human, we are all become horrible greedy creatures on our sixteenth birthday. It's OK to be friendly before that because apparently kids are all sweet and innocent.La, di, da, di, da...The EndAs with Alice in Wonderland this is a film I wanted to like because of it's amazing visuals but felt bland and long. Very disappointed.
평점: 10	리뷰: I am very mixed about this film. Firstly, as many critics have singled out, I must praise Angelica's acting, mainly as the first good, then evil Maleficent. Now, while I could feel a little sorry for her being unable to bring this curse off Aurora, having to see, one of my best villains, Maleficent turn back into good is just unnatural. It ends up looking like a beloved Disney film that has been changed for the sake of young girls, who is only a little part of the audience, avoiding simple but effective scares and risks, basically throwing out what many Disney fans remember about Sleeping Beauty. Parts of the film echoes parts of Wicked and Frozen. Of course, most people don't rush into romantic relationships but seeing Disney seemingly apologise for making traditional relationships in past films happen, even though this is what happened in the era the film is set, is just horrid. I mean no offence to Frozen at all, since it is one of my most favourite Disney films of all time. But stealing the concept of real "true love" from Frozen is pathetic. If it wasn't for Disney with its stupid audience research, it could have easily looked even further into the darkness of Maleficent, which is almost no such thing in this film.
평점: 9	리뷰: First I have to say Angelina Jolie is a great actress and saved the film from getting a 1 (awful) .I have seen Wicked (play) and Frozen (movie)great job of bringing the twist to a fairytale.Maleficent failed at the twist from the beginning . The name Maleficent means, bad, evil . They failed to inform the people how she got that name . Wicked hit it right off the bat why she was green . I forgive and move on for the Angelina Jolie's sake . Maleficent failed to stay on any storyline jumped this way and that .Angelina Jolie and Elle Fanning saved this film . It was both their acting skills that keep you watching .
평점: 8	리뷰: This is actually an excellent flick for kids teaching some core values of forgiveness, acceptance, repentance and redemption, while on the other hand it shows selfishness and greed in some (especially "King" Stefan) and the devastating consequences and destruction of such behavior.I think the younger Maleficent shouldn't have had horns and should not have been called "Maleficent" (Evil) at that point, because she was quite innocent. Even later, after the heartache and the "hardening" circumstances, Maleficent wasn't really that evil and displayed forgiveness, sorrow and wanting to do good. Sure, a bit of revenge, but not malicious revenge but rather from a broken heart.It's actually a kind of love story and then it also shows the reality of life that we all need and want to be loved, have friends, and want to forgive to be accepted and that it's painful to be betrayed and rejected and stabbed in the back by the people we love. It shows that some people have selfish ambitions and that in the world we're easily deceived by the spirit of the world.Angelina Jolie did a wonderful job as always and true she's in virtually every frame of this picture as the title indicates. This story deviates quite a bit from the original story, but it doesn't matter as it's more about Maleficent than the Sleeping Beauty, and this Maleficent is also different than the original story as Maleficent is even kind and has empathy which in the original story you won't find.Cinematography was also very good with the CGI effects. Casting was a bit lacking, especially for the role of Stefan, but overall it doesn't take too much away from the quality of this film. It's well worth seeing and I enjoyed it.
평점: 8	리뷰: Neither Basile's or Perrault's less violent version of the tale but a very good tale just the same and spectacularly filmed with a story that flowed well and did not linger so long at any one point as to lose the interest of the viewer. I saw it in regular format and I expect that it may have been a little better in 3D. I thoroughly enjoyed the film and although the audience was very mixed age wise there was a significant amount of applause at the end of the film and more than a few that remained to watch the credits scroll by. To me this usually indicates that the audience was left wanting more and that is precisely what a film should do. Well done Disney and I recommend it to the entire family.
평점: 5	리뷰: Within the opening sequence, we immediately get the picture: "Maleficent" goes above and beyond a mere moneymaker spin-off scheme for which a certain unnamed entertainment industry is developing a reputation. Here, we have the charm and glamor of traditional Disney storytelling, spectacular art design, and the only actress in the world that could breath life into the title character. Be a fan or not, you will agree Angelina Jolie is simply MARVELOUS.Undoubtedly the best aspect of "Maleficent" is that, for once, it actually lives up to the often misused tag-line: "If you think you know the story you don't." Maleficent is a cryptic character to begin with, and now we finally have an explanation. Not only was she actually good from the beginning, there is only a very brief period in which she is actually "evil", which might be her most enjoyable scene.At this point, the film begins to unfold in the most unexpected of ways: a transition that is not only pleasant, but rather believable. Served with a dose of humor and good-natured charm, Maleficent watches from a distance over the cursed child Aurora, who notices the presence of the dark fairy and of course, with goodness and naive innocence, mistakes her for a Fairy Godmother. Herein lies the heart of "Maleficent", a unique and unpredictable spin on the classic story we all know, in such a way that we can all turn into children again, as though seeing a Disney classic for the first time.VERDICT: Certainly nothing like what you're expecting, but exactly what you'll fall in love with. Jolie is STUNNING, as is the whole experience of this film which is so good, you're likely to forget about the original Disney classic altogether.
평점: 9	리뷰: What an interesting idea. Make a modern day fairy tale all based off of the villain! That was my thoughts over a year ago when I first heard about this film. I have never been a die hard fan of Ms. Jolie, but did not doubt her ability to transform herself into one of the most iconic villains of all time. And yes, she did just that. While I had heard before hand that the film was a disappointing 90 minutes long, I came to the conclusion that it did not matter as long as the story was handed well. I see myself here at a cross roads. The reason being that the visuals and acting were top notch. Copley is a personal favorite of mine, and does well here. As does Fanning who gave a fair performance as Sleeping Beauty. The problem came however with the fact that this story was not about a villain at all, but rather a fairy with emotional problem. Maybe if I was warned I could have possibly braced myself for the unexpected faults I found. I for one am not opposed to a bad guy film where the villain turns good, but did not see that fitting this film. Jolie gave a fantastic performance as a good fairy in a moral war with her self, but she was at her absolute finest as the cruel villain we all know. She was picture perfect as the malicious Maleficent, and I couldn't help but almost chuckle at how marvelous she was. Once again the problem, she was only that role for about 10 minutes. This is a terrific film about a bad fairy's struggle to remain good, I just wish our mistress of all evil could have appeared in more then 10 minutes.
평점: 7	리뷰: My husband, granddaughter and I went to see this last night. We were all enchanted! First thing my 8 year granddaughter asks is, "When will we be able to get it on DVD?" My response was we would be buying it on Bluray and I hope it comes out by the end of the summer, because I really want to see it again soon! It was a clever twist but had the same artistic feel to me that Sleeping Beauty had for me as a child. I thought Angelina Jolie gave a terrific, nuanced performance. My only negative thought at first was that Elle Fanning seemed to play Aurora a bit younger than 16. But upon reflection, I think she was playing her as a total innocent who looks at the world through wide-eyed wonder. And she did "grow-up" as things got rough! It was beautifully done. Different than the original which is truly my favorite Disney movie, but Maleficent, um, they may just be equal now!
평점: 8	리뷰: Quickie Review:Maleficent, one of the most popular Disney villains is brought to life by the brilliant actress Angelina Jolie. This is a live-action variation on the Disney animation Sleeping Beauty. The story is told in Maleficent's point of view, as we are shown how she turns from a fairy to an evil villain, driven to seek vengeance. The absolute gem of this movie is no doubt Angelina Jolie, and how she just embodies both the dark and the light side of Maleficent. Same can't be said about the rest of the cast, as they are all one-note characters. However, Jolie's performance alone is reason enough to catch this on the big screen.Full Review:I am not a huge fan, but I do quite like the original Sleeping Beauty Disney animation. So when I first heard that it was going to be remade with the villain's perspective, I was intrigued. Then I saw Angelina Jolie as Maleficent herself in the first trailer, and I was excited. After watching the movie, I am glad to say that she was indeed the best part of it all.I enjoyed seeing the first act where Maleficent changes from a happy fairy to a vindictive villain. Without giving too much away, there's a tragic event that happens that causes her to change. However, this transformation is not abrupt and with the help of Jolie's talent it feels very natural. You see both sides, good and bad, struggling inside her, which allows the audience to actually empathize with her. This aspect is crucial if a villain focused movie is to work, and they pull it off to great effect. The rest of the movie she has a pet crow called Diaval (Sam Riley), which can turn into a human. Their dynamic together was interesting to watch because it brought out the humanity in Maleficent. The thing is that the movie spends so much effort on humanizing Maleficent that we actually don't really see the truly evil side of her. I would've like to have seen them explore the darker side more, but I guess the PG-rating restricted them to do so.I have praised Jolie a lot because she brought some complexity to the character. Conversely, the other two main actors Elle Fanning as Aurora (a.k.a. Sleeping Beauty) and Sharlto Copley as King Stefan had no depth. Ironically Fanning and Copley feel more cartoonish than real characters. It's a shame because based on their previous films I know they can act much better than they did here. King Stefan is always sad and mopey, while Aurora acts like a hippie raving about how every single thing is so pretty. The most annoying part of the movie has got to be the three fairies. From the Disney animated version I remember them as quite caring of Aurora, but in this movie they are simply dim-witted and irresponsible. Then Prince Phillip (Brenton Thwaites) is shoehorned into the movie because I guess Disney fairy tales dictate there has to be a prince. Due to some liberties taken with the story he is just not needed and pointlessly forced in.This is by no means a perfect movie, there are some faults in it that many would use to tear this movie apart. Then again keeping in mind this is aimed for the families and kids, it is really enjoyable. Even though I don't fit either of those demographics, I still walked away quite satisfied. I should mention that there are in fact a lot of liberties taken with the story. So if you are big fan of the animated version, I am afraid you might not like Maleficent. For the rest of us, despite the flaws there is still plenty to like.
평점: 10	리뷰: So, I looked the word up because I initially thought that it was two words combined to make one like ginormous. I figured it was a combination of malicious and beneficent, which would be mixing two opposing words together, but then it would make a LOT of sense for this movie.Maleficent, like Wicked, is a retelling of a popular story from a different perspective; and in this case it is a retelling of Sleeping Beauty. This version would be like Sleeping Beauty meets Lord of the Rings as there was a bit of LOTR touch to it at certain points.The movie was cinematically wonderful. The setting, the make up, costumes, CGI and effects were all excellently done. When things were dark it really conveyed the mood and when things were bright it did likewise. The movie was narrated at times which was helpful to speed things along. There were a wide swath of emotions throughout the movie but the movie never got too complicated to where children can't follow it.Jolie did a wonderful job, you could say she made the movie. Without a doubt the movie rested upon her delivery. A solid summer movie well worth watching.
평점: 5	리뷰: In very short words, I just want to see this is a great movie for people of all ages. Teaches valuable lessons if you only pay attention; it made me laugh, cry , and feel angry. I feel like it was very much worth the $11 that I paid to watch it. I feel like my sister and myself enjoyed it a bit more than my 6 year old nephew. The movie itself wasn't what I expected it to be, very glad this movie was made. My nephew said "I like Maleficent, she is nice because she learned how to love again from the least way we all expected it." I thoroughly enjoyed the movie,love the whole set up of it. Great cinematography, great director. Even better actors.
평점: 10	리뷰: Maleficient is a beautiful piece of art, but a rather boring film. It lacks a good screenplay, and is way too predictable, even in his "different perspective" approach. I enjoyed a lot the production design, most of the visual effects, and both Angelina Jolie and Sharlto Copley do a great job. But Elle Fanning isn't convincing, which is a problem,given her screen time, and the "handsome yet goofy" Prince Philip doesn't work. At all. So, in the end, a pleasure for the eyes, but way too corny and grotesque. SPOILER ALERT : The most disturbing part is that Maleficient seems to be forgetting the tremendous powers she possess when she needs them most : She spends half the time getting Aurora asleep, but forgets to do so on her birthday, which would have prevented the sleeping beauty, well, to fall asleep.
평점: 10	리뷰: So, watch out, all you guys out there! "Maleficent" is the "Gloria Steinem", women's liberation, revised version of "Sleeping Beauty". And it's great! A movie told from a women's point of view. Pretty refreshing, I would say, for an industry that still won't make a stand alone "Wonder Woman" movie(probably due to sexism). I was surprised by Angelina Jolie's acting in the movie, she showed a great range and depth that I had never seen in her before. Also, some parts of "Maleficent" reminded me of other movies and possibilities. Angelina's flying sequences reminded me of the movie "Man of Steel". Angelina as "Super Woman" or "Wonder Woman?" Or Angelina as an "X-Woman?" The special effects, or fantasy effects if you want to be specific, were incredible, they pulled me into the movie from the first scene and left me there. The girl playing "Sleeping Beauty", Elle Fanning, portrayed Naivete and Innocence to the hilt. This movie was a good compromise between the adult and children's audience. If "Maleficent" had gone too far in the direction of either group, it wouldn't have been as good (or as popular). In ending, I would say it is a great movie, the best movie Disney has ever done, but if you're a guy (like I am) be aware that the movie has a definite opinion about the empowerment of women. Go see it.
평점: 10	리뷰: I saw Maleficent with my mom and we loved it. We're both huge fans of Angelina Jolie. Aside from all the challenging duties of her personal life, Ms. Jolie always brings her mega life force to her screen roles. In Maleficient, she's fully aware that she's playing for children but her role isn't a cutesy one. She's a larger-than-life figure who feels the most human emotions and experiences - hope; self-awareness; betrayal; tragedy; conflict; love found, lost and rediscovered - and she plays it all with great drama and intensity. All the actors do an excellent job in their roles and the visual effects and music are typical Disney first class. I'm as anti-corporate as anyone, but I have to give Disney props for always providing great entertainment with a promising message.
평점: 10	리뷰: I have waited a long time to see this movie, and often when you are so built up for something it is a let down. Maleficent is not that movie. Wow, just wow!! Jolie did amazing!!! She was so on point it was scary. I swear she was born to play this role. I am so thrilled that they made this movie to tell the store in such a different light rather than just a retelling of the original version. Smart movie Disney. Jolie is my new favourite actress and this is my new favourite movie. It was so believable I almost forgot it wasn't really real. two thumbs way way up. Great job all. The story line is heartfelt, refreshing, and interesting. A whole new way to tell the story while still remaining true to the original. Couldn't have been better.
평점: 10	리뷰: This movie was the most beautiful and stunning piece of artwork ever created by Disney . In 3D you felt as if you could touch every fiber , flower and feel the wind as on screen. Angelina Jolie should get an Oscar for her performance , this is a role she was born to play ... for generations to come , she has set the bar . For Disney , this film is for sure to be one that is timeless as the original animation films . Thank your for telling the other side of the story and giving our kids a chance to see true love exists in many different ways . I recommend everyone from little children to even grandparents go ... go see this magical creation that will live in your mind and hearts forever.
