영화제목: The Bourne Legacy
평점: 10	리뷰: I walked into the screening theatre with a bit of apprehension. I confess I am a big Matt Damon fan. He did a tremendous job as Jason Bourne in the previous three episodes. However Jeremy Renner is a refreshingly pleasant surprise as the new agent. He is a great actor who has tremendous screen presence and energy. Rachel Weisz as Dr. Snyder is outstanding. Ed Norton as Byer does not have too many lines but his expressions show why he is such a great actor. The story is excellent and so is Tony Gilroy's direction. The action scenes will keep you at the edge of your seats. The finale on the streets of Manila is aligned with the previous three Bourne movies. The locations chosen are perfect. The cinematography is grabbing especially the scenes which were shot in Alberta, Canada. The Bourne Legacy is a must see not only for the Bourne fans but also for those who love a good story and good action movies. I am going to watch it again and pay for it when it is released in August. It's well worth it!

영화제목: 300: Rise of an Empire
평점: 8	리뷰: "300: Rise of an Empire" will be no surprise in delivery other than it is possibly better than the first? There will, still, be fight scenes reminiscent of flawless dance moves, and the great choreography is what lends the film to being a great 'dance' movie (hello Step-Up 3hundred). The difference in approach comparatively between the two films would be the perverse nature of the second's delivery of the story at hand. The first had a far more romantic predisposition.The story is more or less the same - Persians are descending onto Greece and taking over. The epicenter for the second take on the Persian take over is Athens and its people. The men are not as perfectly ripped as the Spartans. The soldiers are made up of various sized men (but there's still a great amount of shiny muscle) and not nearly as romantic in appearance as the perfect Spartans.The sex scene is more sadomasochistic and less love making. The passion between "King Leonidas" and his queen in "300" is filled with affection and attachment whereas the scene in "300: Rise of an Empire" is riddled with force, power and control. The sexual tension in both scenes are similar in sexual tension but both portray a very different tone, one more romantic than the other.The lighting is impeccable and the story lent well to the way in which the 3D was utilized. Instead of aspects 'popping' out at you they seemed to go deep. The landscapes had so much depth that it was hard not to make the correlation between the depth "300: Rise of an Empire" was reaching to in terms of the Persian take over. As it was not the next installment of "300" but more insight into the original story, as the story goes deeper than Sparta and the army of 300. Eva Green is outrageously good and compelling to watch and to some degree is the "Leonidas" of "Rise of an Empire". Not to say that Sullivan Stapelton was overshadowed but his role was more meticulous and thought out, very much like the Queen in "300". The two pull the opposite sides of a war story firmly together. Not to mention how smoking hot both of them are.Like the first, "Rise of an Empire" is undoubtedly clothed in beauty, from the moonlighting to the muscled bodies, the supple breasts to the eloquent sprays of blood, the film is about an aesthetic which is part of the story. Is it masking a lack of story? definitely not, it is the story. "300" was ground breaking at the time of release, "Rise of an Empire" merely perfects that first step into a world of a different, and maybe more enigmatic, way of story telling. 7.5/10
평점: 7	리뷰: When Zack Snyder's 300 was screened back in 2006, the effects-heavy ancient epic was one-of-a-kind cinematic experience. It became such a beloved fan-favorite movie that many filmmakers tried to imitate the similar stylized technique (e.g. the super slow-motion, actors and props against computer-generated background, CGI blood-and-gore) with varying degree of success. Now, in this long-gestating sequel/side-quel, I originally never expected much from 300: RISE OF AN EMPIRE. After all, I thought the movie will be probably more of the same. However, upon finally watching the movie at the exclusive IMAX 3D sneak preview, I was surprised that the movie lives up beyond my low expectation.WHAT IS IT ALL ABOUT?300: RISE OF AN EMPIRE tells the other side of the story where Greek general Themistocles (Sullivan Stapleton) leads his army against Artemisia (Eva Green) on a naval battle by the sea, while King Leonidas (Gerard Butler, only appeared in recycled footage from 300) and his Spartan warriors engaged in their ill-fated battle against King Xerxes (Rodrigo Santoro) and his Persian army on the land.THE GOOD STUFFPrior to 300: RISE OF AN EMPIRE, veteran Israeli commercials director-turned-feature filmmaker Noam Murro only has the 2008's dramedy, SMART PEOPLE to his credit. However, Murro manages to handle his first big budget studio production like a seasoned pro. Here, Murro proves to be an accomplished visual stylist like Zack Snyder himself (who only returned as one of the screenwriters and producers) after all. With the help of cinematographer Simon Duggan, Murro successfully recreates Snyder's stylized display of slow-motion violence and gore while his mix of fluid and gritty camera-work are put into good use. Thanks also to Murro's energetic direction, the action scenes -- especially the one involved the naval battle -- are electrifying. Other technical credits, including Junkie XL's throbbing score with a dash of sizzling Middle Eastern beat, are equally first-rate.Zack Snyder's and Kurt Johnstad's screenplay is effective, especially the way it juggles between the main premise surrounding the naval engagement and several flashbacks/backstories without making them heavy-handed.Cast-wise, Rodrigo Santoro is typically imposing as the ruthless King Xerxes while Lena Headey made adequate use of her limited screen time as Queen Gorgo. But it was Eva Green who steals the show with her wicked performance as Artemisia. In fact, it's simply refreshing to see a female actor commands the screen in this otherwise male-dominated movie.MOST MEMORABLE MOMENT(S)The scene where Themistocles and his Greek army manage to outwit Artemisia and her crew by making their ships stumbled between the rocks, and another one where Artemisia stages a brilliant plan by creatively using oil to trap and blow up Themistocles' ships (you simply have to see it for yourself). Both of these well-staged strategies are particularly fascinating to watch for.MOST MEMORABLE QUOTEQueen Gorgo: You've come a long way to stroke your cock while real men train!THE BAD STUFFThe absence of Gerard Butler is sorely missed in 300: RISE OF AN EMPIRE (his character is supposed to be featured here in the original script, but forced to cut out because Butler declined to return). After all, his iconic role as the fearless Spartan leader King Leonidas is simply unforgettable. But all can be forgiven if a new leading role is engaging enough to carry the movie. Unfortunately, Australian actor Sullivan Stapleton isn't really the one. Although he has the impressive physique, Stapleton looks somewhat bland and noticeably lack of rugged charm and commanding presence that Butler previously displayed very well in 300.But the major flaw here is the anticlimactic finale that ends abruptly before the credit rolls. I mean, is it really necessary to make way for an open ending?FINAL WORDSFor those who are disappointed with the lackluster results of recent ancient epic failures (THE LEGEND OF THE HERCULES, POMPEII), 300: RISE OF AN EMPIRE proves that this particular genre can stand tall if done right.

영화제목: The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo
평점: 7	리뷰: I really detested the opening credits sequence. It was lovely as a music video, but I was thinking "Bond" the entire time. It didn't fit the theme of the story at all and I was baffled by it. The movie was excellent though. Lisbeth was played beautifully by Rooney Mara, maybe showing a little too much emotion on occasion, but nothing unforgivable. Daniel Craig was great as Blomkvist. The only thing I was particularly annoyed about was that they changed the entire conclusion to the missing girl - where, how, who, etc. It seemed like a stupid thing to do considering the rest of the story being so true to the book. It breaks my heart to say, but I felt like Reznor's score occasionally became intrusive and out of place. Though it was also really good at times.Overall: I enjoyed it and am looking forward to the next two films in the series.
평점: 9	리뷰: Not long out of a screening and I am still thinking about this English language version of the mega popular Swedish Millennium films GIRL WITH THE DRAGON TATTOO, GIRL WHO PLAYED WITH FIRE, GIRL WHO KICKED THE HORNETS NEST derived from the brilliant bestsellers. Purists may be up in arms, but think outside the box, what I witnessed was an almost perfect movie.It does, however, have an ending that will divide the audience, different from the foreign version but good enough for me to want to see the whole thing ALL OVER AGAIN. Anyhow all I will say is you will not be bored in the 2.5 hrs of grim proceedings. Daniel Craig is a perfect choice as the journalist Mikael Blomkvist disgraced for libel but takes on a memoir writing case to escape, only to be drawn into a web of secrets and family weirdness. His new partner is all the talk and so she should be. Rooney Mara I predicted big things from the second I saw her in Youth in Revolt and she carried the otherwise ordinary Elm Street remake long before her cameo in Social Network. She's also very good looking, holds her poise, strikes like a cobra and walks with complexities unknown to the common man. Christopher Plummer, Steven Berkoff and Robin Wright are unique fillers on screen but not as effective as the great Stellan Skarsgard who is despicable to the point of exhaustion. Mara is a standout as the tough motorcycle riding computer hacker with a actual heart, Lisbeth Salander. Magnificent shock tactics are not overblown as Lisbeth carries out proceedings on a dark missing persons case. Original scenes have been lifted from the source, but tweaked. The music is a standout, typical Direction magic from David Fincher seals the deal to make thus unmissable. GIVE ROONEY MARA an Oscar nomination please, she engulfs Salander as did Noomi Rapace.
평점: 8	리뷰: While still a great movie (of course, it comes from a great novel) I just don't get it...why was it necessary to make this movie??? They can say they didn't copy the original movie, only the book, but there is no way - the two are pretty much identical! (apart from the ending, but then - why change only that?) It annoys me that there seems to be so many people out there who didn't see the Swedish films, because they aren't "pretty" American movies that they had to make a whole other movie...The original is gritty and disturbing and dark, as the books are, and thats exactly perfect! I would recommend to read the books first at the very least, don't only see the Hollywood version.This is an 8, but the original is a full 10!
평점: 10	리뷰: Chilling, haunting and relentlessly thrilling, director David Fincher has created the definitive film adaptation of Larssons best seller whilst at the same time improving on the source material. A brilliant performance from Rooney Mara only elevates the film to greater heights The Review:Ill cut to the chase: this is everything fans of the books could have hoped for, its miles better than the already good Swedish film, its more faithful to the novel, in some places it actually improves on the source material.With "The Girl With The Dragon Tattoo" David Fincher has put his trademark darkness to fantastic use. Whether its sweeping shots of freezing, snow covered Sweden or wonderfully eerie interiors Fincher creates an unsettling atmosphere that is unrelenting and technically perfect. With Fincher i've learnt to expect a beautifully shot film and this is no exception, within this film are some of his greatest images. Regarding the disturbing nature of some scenes, Fincher is wise enough to show them in all their horror but doesn't stop to linger or exploit.The performances are perfect all round, Its clear Fincher and the casting production went to great lengths to pick not only great actors but those who embody the very essence of their characters. Of note in the supporting characters are Yorick van Wageningen who plays the sadistic Bjurman with unsettling believability and the always great Christopher plummer who is note-perfect as the desperate, loney grandfather Henrik .- As one part of our central duo Daniel Craig puts in his finest performance, normally cast as the tough hero Craig is more subdued here, he has Blomkvist easy charm down to a T but also captures the weak, submissive aspect of his character. - Lisbeth Salander is a character unlike anything fiction has ever seen.broken,pierced, clade in leather with short black hair and a body so slight the wind could break her, she is horribly victimised but refuses to be one. To sum it up she is one of the most interesting and difficult characters an actress could ever play. I could honestly write a whole review on the brilliance of Rooney Mara's performance, she is the very essence of Lisbethas if the character just walked off the page. Mara commands every scene with a mixture of silent burning rage and a deep rooted venerability. Her eyes are the heart of the film, her reactions are the reason myself and the others around me laughed, gasped and even cried. The character requires an actress who can internalize her emotions yet at the same time convay a wide range of feelings. Mara does this such perfect skill, every glance is charged with deep feeling as if you're looking directly into her soul. A brave performance, Mara bares all in the nude scenes and goes to frankly horribly dark places in the now informous scenes of sexual violence. Watching Rooney Mara is witnessing the birth of a star, this is the best performance of the year and if the Oscars fail to reconzie her i will lose all hope in their judgment. The score by Trent Reznor and Atticus Ross is perfect, eerie and unsettling. It is as good as their Oscar winning score last year if not better, its more understated and does what every score should do....improves the scenes not overpower them.This is by and large a perfect adaptation, my main issue lay with one singe sequence. There is a shot that seems to be there solely for the purpose of showing off, it serves no real purpose within the story. The most touching scenes of the film come from the characters themselves, this is a character driven story and none are more powerful than Lisbeth and Mikeal themselves. Fincher makes their relationship the focus and it pays off, they are the heart of the books and Fincher rightfully recognises this. Proving that sometimes "american" adaptations can actually be for the better this is a film nobody should miss...its everything the novel is, plus some. More than anything i was impressed by the humour that is added through-out, this film will make you laugh, it will break your heart and it will make you want to take a shower.
평점: 10	리뷰: Anyone who knows David Finchers work knows he is one of the most creative and talented directors of this generation. He blew everyones mind with his adaption of 'Fight Club' almost 15 years ago, and again with his masterpiece of a film 'Se7en'. Speaking of Se7en, this is probably Finchers best effort since that film. All of his movies are amazing in their own respect, but this one will be one of the films that everyone will remember him for. The opening titles use Trent Reznors(amazing man from the one man band Nine Inch Nails)reinvented version of Led Zeppelins 'Immigrant Song' with Yeah Yeah Yeahs singer on vocals (I think?). This will remind many people of Se7ens creepy beginning. One more comparison to Se7en, is the forensic CSI type detective work done throughout the film. Truly a great homage to himself.Now like many have said, this is not a remake. This is an adaption of a book. I kind of dislike when people get those two mixed up. If I adapted Bram Stokers Dracula into a film, would it be a remake of the hundreds of previous Dracula movie attempts? I digress.David Finchers version sticks closer to the novel than the Swedish version did. I do however love the Swedish version and didn't think I would love an American version more, which I do. There were only two American directors I would have voted for the job, and they were David Fincher or Christopher Nolan.Now for everyone thinking this is a Hollywood adaption and that all of the rawness of the Swedish version is toned down then they couldn't be more wrong. This is at times more raunchy and sadistic than the Swedish version. It is even slightly longer since it incorporates more from the book. There are more sex scenes (for the people who didn't read the book and like that kind of thing in a movie). There is a lot of detailed smart and important dialog. Most of the film relies on the talking and conversations between the characters. Many will find this boring, but dare I compare it to Se7en again? Yeah its like that. The actors and actresses do a nice job and are all believable. Daniel Craig pulled off the role perfectly. If you think about it, he kinda looks like the actor that played in the Swedish version. Rooney Mara made art with her performance as the now infamous Lisbeth Salander. I didn't think anybody could beat the performance from Noomi Rapace from the Swedish version. Both were amazing but Rooney slightly surpassed Noomis performance. I just hope she can work with it again in the next films of the series. Rooney has already gotten Golden Globe recognition and I hope to see her name at the Oscars. I hope this movie gets recognized with the directing at the Academy too. The visual style of this movie is pure eye candy movie art. The Cinematography is also worth mentioning. Even if you haven't read the book or haven't seen the Swedish version, this film is a near masterpiece.The rape scene is there and it is as vulgar and uncomfortable as ever. It will surely have trouble staying in some theaters because of some of the nastier and darker graphic scenes. The way a lot of the grotesque makes you have to use your imagination is also used. This movie will make you think and hate people that abuse women or any type of helpless human being. Many people will walk out on the abusive scene. It is definitely one of the most graphic scenes being released in wide release in the U.S.All in all, this movie is a great adaption that stays true to the novel and doesn't use gimmicks to make money. It is raw and realistic. I ask that if you haven't read the book and have the spare time that you use it to read the book. I'm not saying to let it get in the way of your life, but it truly is an experience worth it.
평점: 6	리뷰: Your appreciation and enjoyment for this film mainly comes down to whether you buy into the story or not and whether you are you a fan of the original book (I should probably say books, since this is the first part of a trilogy). Unfortunately my answer to both questions is quite a drastic no: I know I am going to be quite unpopular with this statement, but I've never really fallen in love with the book and I in fact just don't seem to be able to find the appeal for the actual story itself. I find it quite derivative, exploitive, contrived and a bit heavy-handed to be honest. These exact same problems are translated (in fact even enhanced) into both film adaptations. It's probably unfair to draw comparisons with Niels Arden Oplev's 2009 version, but also unavoidable. There are of course similarities, but given the fact that David Fincher is directing, the US version is a lot more slicker and cinematic. It is also closer to the original book in many places, but, as always in condensing it all into a movie, it has lost some of its more polemical thrusts from Larsson's story and some of the details which made the characters so compelling. All for the sake of the actual crime/mystery plot (which let's face it, it's pretty bland for today's standards and brings very little new to the genre). So in the end, not only the film suffers from the same problems of the book but by shrinking it all it has lost some of its more subtle subtext too. I am not really saying anything new here: what works in books doesn't necessarily work movies. For example, the film spends a long time setting up the two main characters who don't meet until a good hour and 20 minutes into the story. And yet despite all this time Daniel Craig's character is just as elusive to the audience as it was at the beginning. That is an ongoing problem with Fincher's movies. His usual cold approach to film-making and detachment from his characters makes it always very hard for anyone to empathise with anyone on the screen. Craig does bring some unexpected charm and a slight sense of humour to his character (something which was completely absent in the previous version), but it's really not enough to make you care for his character, let alone for making you want to watch him again for the next couple of sequels (Fincher has recently announced his interest to direct both sequels back to back But no official announcement will be made until this one get released, of course). It's Rooney Mara who really steals the show here (well, let face it, so did Noomi Rapace in the previous version. It's a great part to play!). This is one of the performances of the year and there will certainly be nominations and awards for her coming left and right over the next few months. She even manages bring a certain realism to an otherwise over-the-top character by convey both fragility and an incredible strength, sometimes with pure simple looks. However, did we really need that 1 hour and 20 minutes of preparation before these two characters meet? Did we really need to see the infamous rape scene? Yes of course, it's that rape that gives her the motivation for wanting to solve the crime, but why couldn't they just convey that with a quick flashback? Why was the audience allowed inside that room watching not only the rape but also her revenge to her rapist? Wouldn't it have been just as effective and less exploitive if we had been left outside the door, maybe listening to the screams? The problem is, if you take all that preamble out of the equation, you're actually left with very little else because let's face it, as a mystery this is a fairly derivative film. As I said, these are all queries with the book and the story itself . Given the material Fincher has probably down the best he could. This is a handsome film, with some solid acting (Plummer once again is at his best!) but in the end you're left with a sense of "so what?". I couldn't help feeling that everything that Fincher did in this film, he had already done it before. The dark tones of Se7en, the seedy and multi-layered atmosphere of Zodiac, the dark ominous music (if we can call it that) by Trent Reznor from The Social Network. Finally it's probably worth mentioning the impressive "James Bondesque" title sequence (again, Fincher has down beautiful title sequences before) to the notes of the cover version of "Immigrant Song" by Led Zeppelin which I found absolutely mesmerising and yet somehow seemed to belong to a different film altogether. In the end this film adds very little to the previous version, aside from giving us the wonderful Rooney Mara, and certainly adds nothing to what I already know about David Fincher. I just look forward to seeing him handling a script and a story worth of his craft, because I do believe he's one of the best directors out there right now Moviegeekblog.com
평점: 10	리뷰: Right from the start of this films opening titles, I was taken back to when I had first watched 'Fight Club'. The opening title sequence for this film was even more exhilarating to watch than that of the one opening for Fight Club. The rest of the film was a journey into the greatness that has made Fincher films almost a household name by now. It is easy to say that this was better than the Swedish version of this film, and partly thanks to the performance by Rooney Mara as Lisbeth Salander. I can't say that I have ever been more attracted to a character on film than in this one. Even though, she is quite the bad-ass and about as tomboy as they come, I couldn't help but be engaged by every scene she was in. On another note, this is not an easy film to watch. It does contain a scene of rape and a couple acts of sexual assault on top of that. With all these coming together to form something almost as disturbing as the scene from the lesser know film by Gaspar Noe 'Irreversible'. Everything is perfectly shot here as well, and really does have the 'David Fincher' touch, although, this film felt about the least Hollywood-ised of all his pictures. Fans of the Swedish Trilogy will not be let down here. This is about as intense as crime thrillers get, and for those who call this a remake, for them, this is without a doubt the best remake I think I have seen on screen. Nothing falls into place like you think it will, and as the film ends, I felt a knot in my stomach, and wished I could know the character Lisbeth in real life. The score here done by Trent Reznor and Atticus Ross is again Oscar worthy after winning last year for their work on Finchers other film, 'The Social Network'. It does have similar tones here, but all in all comes out totally fresh in every scene.Overall, this is easily one of the best films of the year. This could have also been easily predicted coming from me, considering my likeness for David Fincher films. Fincher was responsible for me partly coming to love for films back in 1999 with his film 'Fight Club', which took 1/3 of the reason why I came to love movies in the first place (also in there, Stanley Kubricks 'Eyes Wide Shut', and Sam Mendes', 'American Beauty' —all from 1999) and this film shows that Fincher is indeed one of the best filmmakers in the business today.
평점: 6	리뷰: Everyone had their pick of who they wanted to play the Lisbeth Salander in the American remake if The Girl With The Dragon Tattoo, there were slot of really big names and a lot of great actresses who came very close to bagging the role, but Mr Fincher did the right thing and chose a little known actress who had the acting chops to make this difficult role something memorable, it must be said that Rooney Mara is phenomenal in this movie, I would go so far as to say that she out does Noomi Rapace, which is saying slot because she was also amazing in the original.Remakes of foreign films are either hit or miss, sometimes they can change it too much and it is just lame, or sometimes they can stick to closely to the original and it seems kinda pointless, this remake however is pretty much perfect in sticking to the story but bringing it's own little bits and pieces to it that make it different, it's pretty much the exact same storyline and all important scenes are almost identical, it's just the right amount of same and different. Daniel Craig is rather good as Mikael Blomkvist, but he really us no match for scene stealer Mara.Sweden is shown in all it's freezing cold glory and it's presented in an equally inviting and non inviting way, im glad that Fincher decided to keep it set in Sweden and not transfer it to America, it wouldn't have the same vibe if it were any different. Another awesome thing about this film is the epic opening credits, your eyes and ears are attacked by dripping tattoo ink and Miss Karen O's screeching voice, it's truly epic and sets you up for the film you are about to watch.Fans of the original and fans of Fincher will be impressed, it is a worthy remake of an already excellent film but it also stands as a film on it's own. And long live Rooney Mara, she is the pure driving force and Im praying they remake all 3 films as her as that character is acting gold, so tough, so perfectly cast.Check it out.
평점: 2	리뷰: An open letter to Hollywood - STOP turning popularly artistic foreign movies into your big budgeted box office cash cows! Why? Simply because you have the tendency to flip, add, delete, re-arrange, water down, etc the original material to fit the average American movie-going audience's intelligence and attention span. Case in point, Let The Right One In - a beautiful Swedish movie but horribly re-made into an Americanized version with 30 minutes lopped off.Now you have sunk your greedy hands into another Swedish film - The Girl With The Dragon Tattoo. Thank the blessed goodness that Stieg Larsson isn't alive to see how you have flipped and watered down his work ...adding WAY too much and leaving out too little than its Swedish version. PLUS you have revealed TOO before its time.*sighs* If you have seen the Swedish original and/or read Larsson's books, SouthSide seriously advises that you stop reading this review now ...or suffer the agony knowing what they have done. If you're currently reading the Millennium book trilogy - stop now. It's not going to help you while viewing the movie. HOWEVER, you haven't read and/or seen the Swedish original - this movie was tailored for you because you wouldn't have a clue as to what was added or subtracted.Sadly this version is missing the mystique behind the disappearance of Harriet Vanger but focuses more on Lisbeth Salander (played by Rooney Mara, an okay replacement to Noomi Rapace) and Mikael Blomkvist (Daniel Craig a stale replacement to Michael Nyqvist). The way TGWTDT was filmed you would have thought the writers were studying the cliff note version of Stanley Kubrick's guide to flipping a novel into a movie without the use of a script. The screenplay (by Steven Zaillian) jumps around like a hot Mexican jumping bean snagging bits and pieces from the book thus smashing them together during the beginning that the plot doesn't become fully clear and concise until slowing down at the middle. Even the rape scenes between Bjurman and Salander did not frighten or make this reviewer squeamish (or even arouse her kinky fetish side). They totally missed their mark. There was no subtle seduction from Bjurman over the "vulnerable" Lisbeth ...it played out like some poorly made American porn. And then that's when the many movie mistakes kick in ...like isn't that dragon tattoo suppose to be down her back NOT alongside her left side ...or isn't she suppose to tattoo "I'm a SADISTIC rapist pig" on her guardian Bjurman's chest instead of "I'm a rapist pig"? There are many more but this reviewer shall not reveal them here. Then there's the TWO major mistakes made in which totally changed the outcome of the entire movie far differing from the original Swedish version and Larsson's book.And a word to the dialect coach - please teach your actors (Daniel Craig included) to stick to one accent, please. This reviewer had a hard time distinguishing if Blomkvist was Swedish, British or American or all three at the same time with everyone changing their accents throughout the movie. It felt like watching The Prince of Persia all over again.Trent Reznor, SouthSide believes Nine Inch Nails want their front man back ...asap! You do not have the gift for composing movie music ...you should have taken some lessons from Hans Zimmer, Danny Elfman ...or even Chris Carter. Led Zeppelin's Immigrant Song?!?! Seriously, dude, what does that classic epic rock song have to do with the movie especially the opening credits (that looked like someone did as a Graphic Design project for Flashpoint Academy ...and it wasn't even good). The music throughout the movie didn't enhance or heighten the action or plot ...sometimes it was too loud and boisterous or the scene didn't call for music. OR sometimes there was no music to be had when it called for it.*sighs* It is this reviewer's honest recommendation - wait for the DVD/Blu-Ray version. At least you can press stop and then play when you get to a confusing scene that doesn't make any sense.
평점: 2	리뷰: Let me preface this by saying that I haven't yet read the books or seen the original Swedish films. I will have a full review of this version as it compares to the original films soon.David Fincher (Fight Club, The Social Network) put together a tight and suspenseful film. I thought the acting was great, specifically from Rooney Mara who plays "the girl". She is phenomenal and one of the sexiest characters I've seen on screen this year. Daniel Craig was good, but didn't blow me away. He was still James Bond, but now with reading glasses. The pacing and script were wonderful, but I thought Fincher foreshadowed the ending and also felt that they should have re-arranged the conclusions a bit. There were a few story lines that came to a close at different times.....so when one ended you still had a couple more to get through. Unfortunately the first story line that comes to a close is the most intense one so the remaining time is kind of "meh" to the viewer since they invested so much emotion in the first storyline. Hope that makes sense. It was a great movie, but if you've seen the originals you may want to wait until this one goes to DVD/br. Full review to come.
평점: 6	리뷰: First of all, why does Daniel Craig keep his British accent while everyone else in the movie does a Swedish accent? This gives the movie an Englishman in Sweden feel, instead of a wholly Swedish story feel. Maybe Daniel Craig got dropped into the movie at the last minute and maybe for that reason also, he never manages to quite capture Blomkvist properly, he's not the tired, financially ruined reporter whose career has just been destroyed escaping his problems, but he comes off as an strong, athletic, physical presence, headstrong and determined.I admit that I finished reading the book right before seeing the movie and probably for that reason the movie felt more like a PBS re-enactment of the book rather than a feature film. The movie felt like it lacked style and when it did apply style, it felt grossly out of tone. For example, the James Bondesque opening "immigrant song" sequence which seems hardly appropriate for a sleepy murder mystery that aims to explore themes of sexual sadism, Nazism, anti-Semitism etc.The original book is not without its faults, while brilliant in places the author filled in gaps with tripe. Nothing characterizes this more than Lisbeth which the author Larsson made into an Asperger's syndrome inflicted super-intelligent super-human. The movie version of Lisbeth is sexy and cool but cartoonish. There is no effort to elucidate Lisbeth and her actions, she just is cool and smart and that is all we get about her.Having read the book probably puts me in a different category than a large portion of the audience for the movie. While it's never possible to tell a 400-page plus novel in a three hour movie, I really wished for style and focus rather than a quick retelling of the story. It's disappointing that the movie just aims to tell the story rather than take risks and explore themes and ambiances while visually telling the story. Finally as a side note, for those who read the book, the movie version eliminates the Australian sheep station, which leads to a change in the tone of certain characters from the book.
평점: 8	리뷰: I've never read Stieg Larsson's millennium novels, so I can't say how  faithful this film is to the original material, but I am a big fan of  the Swedish adaptation by Danish filmmaker Niels Arden Oplev. Now, I  know the fact that Hollywood is obsessed with remakes annoys the hell  out of us, but I think there can always be room for different  interpretation, different vision and approach and that's what David  Fincher's version excels in. It's more detailed, more curious, and more  unafraid. It's a superb and chilling thriller with an astounding  performance by Rooney Mara. Whether or not this version is better can  be argued but it certainly is a solid film   Rooney Mara, with her skinny body and goth hairstyle and excessive  piercings and tattoos and her attitude, I think Mara manages to give a  more complex Lisbeth Salander than Noomi Rapace's portrayal. But it's  mostly thanks to screenwriter Steven Zaillian who covers information  that the previous adaptation would simply skim or just talk about  instead of exposing it. Fincher and Zaillian want to seriously show how  dark, troubled, but motivated Lisbeth is. And some may consider this  approach to be too brutal or unnecessary but I think it's no more  brutal than Fincher's previous thrillers like Se7en. This is after all,  in its essence, a movie made solely for Fincher's fans or those who are  comfortable with his style. Jeff Cronenweth's cinematography work is  fantastic by the way, it plays on how much you can handle. It goes  along with the script that tends to be explanatory. Whatever loopholes  or gaps that the previous adaptation had, Fincher's film fills it and  explains it in its own way.  Lisbeth Salander to me is a rebel, she lives by her own rules, but  she's also by herself, this version wants to instill in her mind the  idea that perhaps she could be sociable or she could be considered  normal if she just gets that attention that she never did, and that's  what warrants a different ending. Mara is absolutely phenomenal as  Lisbeth, it's a defining role for Mara, she's made it her own. She's  fierce, highly driven, but there's a sense of innocence to her as well.  She thinks her anger and actions are justified and the film  successfully encourages us to agree.  All those tattoos and piercings are like 'keep off' or 'stay away'  sign, perhaps because of years of rough background, going from one  guardian to another, so when somebody genuine like Mikael Blomkvist  (Daniel Craig) comes along, he represents the safety that desperately  longs for but would never admit to. I think it's smart that Fincher and  Zailian shows the estranged family side of Blomkvist, they see it as  important for Blomkvist to be able to relate to Henrik Vanger's  (Christopher Plummer) dilemma and I think that's a smart move. Craig is  the weakest link because his accent keeps going on and off, I'm not  sure if he even tries to sound Swedish at all, it's quite the  distraction. But he works with what's given to him, keep in mind that  the title is not Blomkvist with the dragon tattoo.  Of course nowadays you can't talk about Fincher's movies without  talking a bit about the unconventional score by Oscar winners Atticus  Ross and Nine Inch Nail's Trent Reznor. In fact, the movie pays an  amusing homage to NIN. Those of you film score aficionados would  probably find Ross and Reznor's tunes for this film rather eerie and  chilling, which it then pretty much serve its purpose. Having said  that, at times I find the score a bit forceful and it's like the same  soundwave echoing over and over again with the intent to hypnotize. I  don't think the opening graphic credit is all that impressive, it's an  interesting take but it looks out of place, it looks like it should be  a separate music video and it doesn't necessarily introduce the tone of  the film that you're about to see.  THE GIRL WITH THE DRAGON TATTOO is definitely not a movie for the faint  of heart, it's a movie that would rattle your comfort cage, and I think  audiences will be divided, you'll either truly love it, or truly detest  it, but there will hardly be a middle ground.
평점: 7	리뷰: The Hollywood version of The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo offers few surprises for the seasoned viewer of the 2009 Swedish original. Yes, it has come to the point that we can't wait long enough to rip-off foreign markets. To its credit director David Fincher manages to inject the compelling mystery with his auteur pizazz, though the Bond-esque ink laden title sequence may have been overkill.Mikael Blomkvist (Daniel Craig) is a magazine editor on the verge of financial collapse after losing a libel trial. When an assignment appears before him to investigate a murder from 50 years ago, with an enticing offer of the dirt needed to clear his name, he takes it. With the help of an eccentric investigator by the name of Lisbeth (Rooney Mara), Mikael finds himself investigating not one murder but a series.At some point studios are going to figure out that Daniel Craig is not the answer to their casting problems. Here, he's too cool under pressure. I'm no magazine editor, but I don't figure that they handle being kidnapped like James Bond would. He hardly seems bothered.Rooney Mara mutilates her hair and body for this role, receiving more piercing than I'd care to describe. Her accent is highly authentic, more so than Craig's to say the least. I'm not a fan of how she has decided to sell out her body for realism, but Mara does have the most genuine performance of the film.Because of her unorthodox appearance, it can be troublesome for an audience to root for Lisbeth. To accomplish this she's put into a compromising situation involving rape, to which end we can take joy in her revenge. It's an effective tactic, but I question the nature in which she is exploited, making for a largely anti-male narrative. Not only that but The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo (2011) makes the same lazy circle as the 2009 film. Random acts of violence happen in the real world, but in a movie the unlikely is frowned upon. When a thief damages Lisbeth's Macbook Pro, she has to see he newly appointed guardian, a sex maniac, and trade services for an allowance to have her computer replaced. So ultimately she ends up back where she started, she had a laptop, and now she has a laptop. This choice makes a nearly 3- hour movie. In fact an entire film goes by before Lisbeth and Mikael meet.The discrepancies between this and the 2009 Swedish films are few until the mystery is solved. As the movie struggles to conclude we find a flashback that has been nixed, replaced by a brief aural tale. Fincher then moves to resolve everything presented in the first half, so Lisbeth becomes a busy girl following up with friends and doing favors.I wasn't crazy about the 2009 film, but I certainly respect it. I can't find myself respecting a blatant cash-in regardless of its individual merits.
평점: 7	리뷰: "What is hidden in snow, comes forth in the thaw." Swedish proverbThe Girl with the Dragon Tattoo is indeed a girl's movie, for it is about misogyny and the revenge women can sometimes get. In between is a standard thriller, albeit classy and European, so there's much more investigation than shooting. It's an American product, based on the Swedish film of the same name in 2009, itself based on the Stieg Larsson novels about a wildly eccentric 23 year old woman, Lisbeth (Rooney Mara), who has the investigative skills of Sherlock Holmes and the prowess of La Femme Nikita.Daniel Craig plays a disgraced journalist, Mikael, engaged by a powerful family to answer one of its darkest secrets and at the same time get revenge on his courtroom antagonist, who caused his disgrace. He enjoins Lisbeth to help the investigation.With women the victims in both parts of the story, the investigations have parallel themes of revenge and feminism. Lisbeth is one of the most complicated women ever on screen. Alternately kinky and remote, tough and vulnerable, she also is ultra modern navigating both technology and sex.This iteration has all the plot points of the original and an enhancement of the relationship between journalist and assistant. In the end all is tied up, with an anticlimax that could have been left behind although it is interesting to see how the criminals receive their just rewards.Overall the film is stylish and decidedly brutal (a rape scene is shocking but still watchable) with a cerebral overlay complementing the base acts that include incest and Nazis just in case rape were not enough for the audiences on both sides of the pond. That the American version could so soon after the Swedish compel viewers and stand on its own is a tribute to director David Fincher and novelist Larsson."Evil shall with evil be expelled." Swedish proverb
평점: 5	리뷰: It can be put short: If you have seen the original Swedish version don't waste your time watching this one.Forget all the talk about "this is not a remake - this is a new adaptation". If you hear or read somebody state that, they only prove they have not seen Arcel & Oplev's version because this American try out is most of all a scene by scene remake - even many of the locations are the same! The pro of Finchers version is the performance of Rooney Mara. It is very close to match Rapaces international breakthrough.The no. 1 con is Finchers total lack of adding anything new or original to this remake. The only major contributions Fincher brings to the table is a fat and slick visual style, and a rude Hollywood simplification of the storyline presented in both the novel and the original movie adaptation.I rate 5/10 - a simplified copy cat of a (only) two years old movie... what a waste!
평점: 8	리뷰: Why do an English language version of a stunning foreign film? There are all sorts of reasons to do so and good ones. Perhaps the foreign culture got in the way of Americans appreciating the story fully, or perhaps the film was not well distributed in English-language countries. The North American market is huge and there are plenty of dollars for a film that probably played mostly in art houses (e.g. Pour Elle became The Next Three Days--practically duplicates). Tattoo, however, had a robust DVD viewing, so it's not like it lacked exposure. And sometimes a director has a particular point of view that he or she thinks will enhance or illuminate the story -- perfectly reasonable. But I really cannot say why David Fincher took on a redo of this film. He brought nothing new to it. It's a copy tweaked here and there and not near as gritty as the original. And I'm not all that enthusiastic about some of the changes he made in Lisbeth's or Blomquist's character or in the story wrap up. The first hour is quite slow--I even nodded off for a few minutes. It picks up when Lisbeth and Blomquist finally begin working together, although this Lisbeth is somewhat more into Blomquist. Despite Lisbeth's severe goth look, it's not as hard and realistic as Rapace's. Rooney Mara is Hollywood Lisbeth. Rapace has more street cred,she wasn't pretty & looked somewhat boyish. I love David Fincher, think he's one of the best storytellers in film today. But I can't see compelling reasons for his efforts in this film. In any case, you'll enjoy the movie...again. But you won't leave the theatre in shock and awe.
평점: 9	리뷰: I was really looking forward to The Girl With The Dragon Tattoo ever since I learned that David Fincher had been attached to it. Now normally I'd be angry at the fact of a foreign film being remade, having seen and loved the Swedish version of the film, but I made an exception with this one because of the cast and crew for this film. Fincher, who directed films such as Fight Club, The Curious Case Of Benjamin Button, and most recently The Social Network (my favorite film of 2010 and what I thought should have won over The King's Speech), has a fantastic eye for filmmaking and has always impressed me with his movies, save for Se7en which I wasn't as huge a fan of as everyone else was and even on that film I enjoyed a good bit. You throw in the writer of Schindler's List and Gangs Of New York, add actors like Daniel Craig, Rooney Mara, Christopher Plummer and so many others, a score from Trent Reznor and Atticus Ross (who also scored The Social Network), and base it off the best selling book by Stieg Larsson (that's right, this isn't a remake but rather a re-adaptation), it all equals out to, in my opinion, the best film of the year by far.Now the first thing I want to say about this movie is Rooney Mara's performance. She knocks it out of the park portraying Lisbeth Salander. She captured the mystery, the strangeness, the darkness, the out-of-the- norm personality that this character had. She was absolutely fantastic and I'm gonna be shocked as hell if she does not get an Oscar nomination. And she really makes you feel for her in the darker parts of this movie, which we'll get to in a moment. And all the other performances are great as well. Daniel Craig is great as usual and there is great chemistry between him and Mara. Christopher Plummer, as little as he's in the movie, does a great job as well, in fact all the actors do. This is a really well acted movie.Another thing that a lot of people have been talking about with this film, as it was with the book and the Swedish film, was the moments where sexual violence appears on screen. And while there are some really uncomfortable moments in the film, that's the reason why these scenes succeed. They shock you and make you want to look away. And that's good, especially when the themes of this movie as well as the source material were about this sort of thing, and the movie conveys it perfectly. And while these scenes do linger in your mind, they never distract you from the basis of this movie, which leads into my next praise for the film.The story is really engaging. Even though I had seen the Swedish movie and knew how the story as a whole was going to play out, I was able to be really engaged in the movie and not focus on other things. It really sucks you in, and Steve Zaillian, the writer of this movie, structures the film in a way that is both similar and different to the Swedish version, therefore doing what I hoped this film would do, which was taking something that I already knew about and had watched before and made it to where it was still interesting and there were changes made to where I didn't know how it was going to turn out. And that's great.And everything technical about this movie succeeds. The score by Trent Reznor and Atticus Ross is fantastic and really sucks you into the tone of the picture. Jeff Cronenweth, who worked with Fincher on both Fight Club and The Social Network, delivers fantastic cinematography. The editing, the direction, the shots, everything about this movie succeeds, making it a near perfect film.Now one small complaint I have about this film stems a little bit from me viewing the Swedish version, in which they reveal a little more about who Lisbeth is and one of the things she did in her past that made it so troubled. And they didn't use that here which kind of threw me off a little. However, the more I think about it, the less it becomes a concern because 1.) You can't compare the two films and 2.) there are bits and pieces shown in the films climax that shows that Lisbeth deep down does have a soul. So the movie manages to overcome that obstacle, and overall, I have nothing to say bad about it.Overall, The Girl With The Dragon Tattoo is a masterful film, it's one that you should definitely check out and I'll definitely be checking it out sometime soon. It's directed, written, and acted well, and succeeds in all that it sets out to do. You feel the emotion and darkness of the film, Rooney Mara blew me away with her performance (and that body, damn), and overall it lived up to my expectations. So out of ten, I got to be honest, The Girl With The Dragon Tattoo is a 10. Go see this movie NOW.
평점: 6	리뷰: I've never read the books or seen the original Swedish film but all I can say is that it had a decent story and the acting was superb. David Fincher did a great job molding this piece together. It wasn't terrible but it could of obviously been more. I sat through a 2 hour and 45 minute movie that was fairly slow in pace and very inactive. It had interesting and captivating moments but it really wasn't something to kill over. Honestly, if you have never read the book OR seen the original Swedish film than I can fully say as an audience member you can pass on this one. Wasn't terrible, it wasn't excellent, just a standard film that isn't something I would go crazy over.
평점: 10	리뷰: Just saw a sneak peek of the film and couldn't recommend it more.When I walked into it I never expected what I got, this is the best adaptation of a novel I've ever seen.Most of the characters themselves capture the essence of Larssons novel perfectly, but Rooney Mara's portrayal of Lisbeth Salander is Oscar-worthy. The woman perfectly captures the dichotomy of the tortured, vulnerable soul with the calculating, sociopathic tendencies embodied by the character.I wouldn't want to reveal anything else, but for fans of the novel and for fans of good film in general, this is a must see.
평점: 7	리뷰: Greetings again from the darkness. The character of Lisbeth Salander absolutely fascinates me. That's true whether we are discussing Stieg Larsson's Millennium trilogy novels, the Swedish film versions, or this latest film version from director David Fincher and a screenplay from Steve Zaillian. It's also true whether Lisbeth is played on screen by Noomi Rapace (Swedish films) or Rooney Mara. She is a brilliant character hiding in plain sight from a world that has fiercely mistreated her, and now misjudges and underestimates her. She is the oddest heroine I can recall ... and I can't get enough of her.Let's start with the source material. Stieg Larsson's books are far from perfect, but addictive just the same. The first book (on which this film is based) is, at its core, a simple who-dunnit presented in a manner that is claustrophobic, paranoid and eerie. Moving on to this particular film, we find the director and screenplay holding the basic tone while making a few changes ... some minor, others more substantial. These changes may irk those fans who are a bit more loyal to the books, but Fincher surely wanted to offer more than a simple re-telling of the story.Daniel Craig plays Mikael Blomkvist, the journalist hired to solve the 40 year old mystery of the disappearance/murder of Harriet Vanger, niece to Swedish millionaire Henrik Vanger (Christopher Plummer). To research, Blomkvist must dig into the Vanger's rotten family tree of Nazis, anti-Semites, sexual predators, anti-social fanatics, and a few just plain loony birds. You can imagine how excited this rich and once powerful family is to have someone uncovering long buried secrets. Circumstances allow for Lisbeth to assist Blomkvist in researching this.Unlike many mysteries where assembling the clues is the most fun, the real heart of this story is the odd, somewhat uncomfortable developing relationship between Blomkvist and Lisbeth. This latest version allows this to develop relatively smoothly, but it nonetheless rattles our senses. We see the subtle changes in Lisbeth as she slowly opens up to the idea of a real friendship based on trust. Fear not mystery fans, the Vanger clan still provides more than enough juice to keep any film sleuth happy.It's truly impossible to avoid comparisons between the two movie versions and the respective casts. It's quite obvious Mr. Fincher was working with a substantially greater budget than Niels Arden Opler had for the first Swedish film. While they are both enthralling, I actually lean a bit towards the rawer original. That takes nothing away from this latest version. Same with Noomi Rapace vs. Rooney Mara. Ms. Mara is excellent in her performance and I was fully satisfied, but Ms. Rapace brought a rougher edge to the role ... one that made it even tougher to crack that shell. The biggest difference in the casts is Daniel Craig against Michael Nyqvist. Mr. Craig is just a bit too cool for the role, while Nyqvist captured the insecurity and vulnerability that Larsson wrote about.All of that is nit-picking. Both film versions are sterling entertainment and hopefully the Fincher version will bring the story to a much wider audience. I would encourage those that are interested to check out the Swedish version, as well as the Larsson books. Maybe that will explain my fascination with this creature known as Lisbeth Salander.
평점: 10	리뷰: David Fincher...Best Director, Rooney Mara...Best Actress, Daniel Craig...Best Actor. Oh yes, and whoever the editor was......Best Editing! From the opening credits, which grabbed me into the mystery to the incredible editing (the movie could have been 4 hours long were it not for the editing) and the incredible story (thank you Mr. Larsson)this is one hell of a movie. I don't think I have had such an experience as this movie gave me....EVER! (and that's saying a lot, because I have been a movie buff all my life, an actor, writer and director) and a play reviewer for the past 5 years. This movie is probably not for everyone, but I suspect, a few million people will. Oh yes, Rooney Mara, I was blown away by her performance!
평점: 9	리뷰: Loved the movie, and I have read all three books and seen the Swedish versions. As one reviewer already mentioned, I wanted to clear something up: this is not a remake, but an adaptation of the book. People take away different thing from the book, hence why the movies have slight differences. Its fine to like one over the other, but reasons shouldn't be 'it's an American remake.' Both films took away different parts of the book, which on both films, can be disappointing. However, the book is written so in depth that some cuts had to be made. People cannot compare or say how Lisbeth is portrayed between the films without knowing her character in the book. Side note, I could have done without the beginning. A little too stylized for me. However, the performances were brilliant. And the score was great. This movie makes me want to watch seven again.
평점: 3	리뷰: My wife and I had read all three books, and saw all three Swedish movies. We had been so excited about the new "Hollywood" movie, and went to the Tuesday night first showing. The opening credits, while very unusual and visual, were totally unrelated to the movie. If anything, it was disruptive, and like watching the credits of a James Bond movie. Having watched the sub-titled Swedish movies, we were looking forward to the English version. However, so much of the dialog in this movie is spoken so softly or mumbled, covered with intrusive background music (or noise!), such that we were wishing for sub-titles in this one! Daniel Craig and Rooney Mara have perfected talking without moving one's lips.The story was not nearly as well explained as in the Swedish movies. If one has not read the book, I daresay he will feel very clueless as to what happened to Mikael at the beginning, and will struggle to understand what is happening.Our theater was packed for the opening show. I found it interesting that when it was over, the crowd simply got up and left, without the kind of excited conversations one hears when people have loved the movie. I sense that most of our audience shared our feelings....what was the point of making this movie, when such a wonderful movie had already been done.
평점: 9	리뷰: The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo is certainly one of the more depressing films of the year, but also one of the most enthralling, hard to turn away from films of the year. It follows Mikael Blomkvist (Craig), a journalist who has just lost everything, and Lisbeth Salander (Rooney Mara), a researcher/computer hacker whose life has been nothing but hardship and misunderstanding since her adolescent years. The two converge on a case surrounding one of the more prominent and dirty families in all of Sweden, the Vangers.Henrik Vanger (Plummer) hires Mikael to investigate the disappearance of his niece. He encounters many problems, the biggest being the disappearance happened 40 years ago. When his research starts getting interesting and more dangerous, he calls upon Lisbeth, who did the background check on Mikael for the Vangers. Together the two try to solve the case, digging up hidden truths, dirty secrets, and encountering some detestable characters along the way. They don't know if they're getting close or farther from the truth, but as the heat turns up, it seems like the answer is rapidly approaching, or is it their impending demise?What stands out most about this film from the original Swedish version of a few years ago is the mood. Yes, both films cover some disturbing material, but the original version looks like it was filmed in the real world. Fincher, however, creates an entirely different world. It looks, feels, and almost smells dirty. There is hardly a white light found in the film. Even the snow is turned grey by the overcast skies. You get the feeling that there is no hope for these characters.There is really only one area where the film lacks. Pacing. There is so much information to translate to the audience. It's the job of the editor and the writer to make sure that the audience doesn't skip a beat. There is montage after montage, intercuts, and Swedish writing thrown about that it's hard to keep track of what exactly a character is doing. We get the gist of it all, but there were moments when I was lagging behind just enough to notice.Other than that I thought the film was a fine adaptation for American audiences. I wasn't sure how the sexual violence would be handled, but Fincher doesn't hold back, much like the Swedish film. Is it important that we see this violence? I hate to say it but yes. We need to like Lisbeth so much that we completely disregard her outward appearance and see her as a survivor. She's extremely talented and fearless. Mara brings Lisbeth to life much like Noomi Rapace brought her to life, only Mara is a letter more brazen and less moody than Noomi, but both are effective with what they do. Craig too gives a solid performance. I was worried that they would try to toughen his character up (seeing as Craig is currently James Bond), but they didn't. They make him likable only because he seems normal and one who stands up for what he believes in.It's a slimy, complex, fast-moving thriller that is sure to turn some heads at times but in the end you'll be holding your breath and hoping for the best. You might go into the movie clean, but you'll come out dirty.
평점: 6	리뷰: Coming into "The Girl With The Dragon Tattoo", I had not read the book nor had I seen any of the Swedish movies. However, I had seen almost all of director David Fincher's movies, and I was excited after his last two, "Zodiac" and "The Social Network" thrilled me.However, this movie does not quite live up to those standards. The story, a reworking of Steig Larsson's original book, involves Mikael Blomqvist, a journalist who has recently been found guilty of libel (Daniel Craig) and who is looking to escape the public eye and reinvent himself. Henrik Vanger (Christopher Plummer), a sickly old man who lives on an island in northern Sweden, seeks out Mikael's services in an attempt to unravel his family's past and solve a murder.At the same time, Lisbeth Salander's (Rooney Mara) caretaker has recently had a stroke and she is switched to another one, named Bjurman, who repeatedly takes advantage of her when she asks for money. Don't worry, he gets his come-uppins. Eventually, she teams up with Mikael to solve the mystery and his personal life.Mara does the character justice for the most part (although there were times where I thought her tenacity did not match that of the acts she was performing), but I take issue with how her character was presented. Without knowing more about her background, I had trouble caring when bad things happened to her. In addition, the viewer never doubts that she is going to succeed eventually in everything Salander undertakes, and so does not care all that much when bad things happen to her before those successes.I greatly enjoyed Craig portraying a decadent, down-and-out Mikael. His use of deadpan, self-depreciating humor is excellent, although he is occasionally made to look a bit too incompetent in the scenes he shares with Salander. All of Craig's actions, from his incessant coffee-making to the way he sucks on his cigarettes, help create an image of Mikael that the viewer sympathizes with and wants to help. Well done.The main problem with "The Girl With The Dragon Tattoo", then is the story. Fincher does his best to gussy it up, with some fantastic shots of Sweden making it seem as if something or someone is always lurking around the corner. Atticus Ross and Trent Reznor do a brilliant job as well, and the use of sound was by far my favorite part of the film. However, neither of these details stops the story from being clunky and a bit bland. After getting almost nowhere for about half the movie, the second Mikael teams up with Salander, suddenly everything seems to fall into place, her incredible Google-search skills teaming with his ability to ask questions leading them to the villain relatively quickly.It would have been quicker, however, if they didn't stop to have sex every two scenes. I have nothing against sex scenes, but this one is so out of the blue and against what Salander's ethical makeup had been up until that point, that the viewer almost feels deceived. It felt as if the movie had to fulfill some sort of heterosexual sex quota, character development and plot be damned!Mikael finds the killer (well, sort of), Martin Vanger (an excellent Stellan Skarsgard), who, in typical bad guy fashion, talks to Mikael instead of murdering him, giving a speech that actually would have been brilliant if he had followed through afterwards. However, the speech gives Salander enough time to solve the mystery on her own and save the day. Woo.Anyway, there is much to like about this movie. The acting is quite good, and there are the usual Fincher-ian touches that make it more than just the average thriller. However, it hits so many pit-falls, both in terms of plot and in terms of characterization, that it is just barely more (than average).
평점: 9	리뷰: Following the very successful adaptation of Stieg Larssons millennium trilogy into three very successful Swedish language films, it came as no surprise when Hollywood announced that it would be making an English-language version of the series. Director David Fincher was announced to craft the first book in the series, The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo. The new version follows very close to the original material with one fairly big exception which I will detail later in the review.Daniel Craig stars as Mikael Blomkvist, who at the opening of the film has recently lost a court case for which he was being sued for libel by a prominent business figure. His career is in ruins and virtually all of his savings gone as a result of the trial and punitive damages. So when he is contacted by an attorney representing the wealthy and powerful Vanger family, he agrees to meet. Although highly reluctant to take a meeting, Mikael takes the four hour train ride north of Stockholm to a cold and remote island to meet with Henrik Vanger (Christopher Plummer). Henrik wishes Mikael to investigate the disappearance of his niece some 40 years earlier, a niece vanished under the families' very noses and not a trace of her has been discovered since. Henrik is convinced that she has met with foul play, yet every year on his birthday, he continues to receive a gift of ornate pressed flowers in an anonymous package.Henrik believes that the killer is haunting him by sending the gifts and that a member of his family may be to blame. Although skeptical of being able to find anything 40 years later, Mikael accepts the case and soon sets up residence in a small cabin on the island and begins his investigation by combing through police reports, conducting interviews, and examining photographs and newspaper clippings. Mikael had been warned that the other members of the Vanger family may not be too thrilled with his presence as not only is the family fractured, they all have their share of secrets. At the same time, a very Goth punk girl named Lisabeth (Rooney Mara), is fighting her own demons. Lisabeth is an extremely gifted computer and surveillance expert who specializes in gathering background information on individuals. As such, her skills have made her in high demand with her employer. Unfortunately, Lisabeth is also a deeply antisocial person who is prone to lash out violently if provoked. Much of this stems from an extremely traumatic childhood spent in institutions which resulted in Lisabeth being placed as a ward of the state, not deemed competent to care for herself. This arrangement requires her to check in on a regular basis with a representative who, unfortunately for her, has recently suffered a stroke and places her in the care of the new guardian.The new guardian subjects Lisabeth to horrific demands just so Lisabeth can access her money. The traumatized Lisabeth does not play victim long and in a twist of fate, is assigned by Henrik's attorney to assist Mikael since she did the background check on him prior to Mikael being approached by Henrik for the investigation. The unlikely duo combined to form a highly efficient pair as they start to piece together the clues which indicate a brutal string of murders leading back for decades. As they work together, the relationship deepens and the reserved Lisabeth starts to come out of her shell. Tension mounts as danger surrounds them in an epic race against time to solve the case that certain members of the family do not want solved.The film runs approximately 2 hours and 45 min and does take a little while to get started as the landscape and back story of the characters is established. The film has some very dark and brutal moments, which are hard to watch, yet were not as graphic as those in the Swedish language version. Craig and Mara work very well with one another and props to Craig for being willing to put on weight and occasionally looked disheveled to enhance his character.Mara gives a masterful performance as the complicated Lisabeth, the anti-damsel-in-distress heroine, who subtly shows the many complicated sides to the character. Noomi Rapace first portrayed the character and has gone on to prominent success in Hollywood with a slew of upcoming high profile films. I would expect nothing less for Mara with two other sequels in this series to film. I am sure this breakout performance will not go unnoticed as it is an extremely difficult and daring role that few in Hollywood would want to tackle, much less be able to pull off as convincingly as she did.I was extremely happy to see that the character names, settings, and situations were not changed in the new version, and it was refreshing to see the film set in Sweden and not relocated to London or New York. The biggest issue I had with the film was with the ending, which deviated from the previous versions. I will not provide spoilers, suffice it to say the resolution was a bit too tidy of a Hollywood ending and in my opinion greatly undermined one of the central characters of the film. That being said the film is a bold and dynamic vision from Fincher and is a deeply dark and disturbing story that is difficult to forget.4.5 stars out of 5
평점: 10	리뷰: Having read all the books, and watched the Swedish versions of the films, I could not be happier with Fincher's film. It is spot on. That je ne sais quoi of the stunning and the subdued in harmony, that is so difficult to achieve, but so necessary to film like this, is flawlessly executed.I think Reznor was an excellent choice for the soundtrack, and he did a phenomenal job. I never felt as if the music was out of place or intrusive.There are a few story changes, but ultimately they make for a better movie. I'm sorry to have to disagree with those of you who prefer the Swedish films, and think the first Swedish film is better. The cinematography in Oplev's version is excellent, the acting is first rate, but ultimately the film is a disappointment. It is incoherent, and oftentimes jarring. Had I not read the books before watching Oplev's version, I would not have been able to follow it. Fincher's film is nearly perfect. Every change has a purpose and benefits the film.It goes without saying, Rooney Mara is absolutely amazing. But I also thought Daniel Craig was an unexpected, and wonderful, choice. For those who claim Mara outshined him, yes, she did, and no, she didn't. Who is the shocking, scene-stealing, surprising one? Salander? Or Blomkvist? Craig played his part true to the novel. He is a subdued fellow. He is not dramatic. He is never over-the-top. He does not brood. What were you people expecting? Craig was Blomkvist. Had he acted any differently, it would have changed the story, and not for the better.Whether you have read the novels or not, see the film. It will bash you over the head on the one hand, and slowly seep into you on the other. I still can't stop thinking about it.
평점: 10	리뷰: I must say that I found it hard to believe that anyone would contemplate doing a remake of this movie. I found the original film to be really unique, very much like a Bergman film, in a league of its own. I read all the books and saw all three movies, all of them excellent.The Nordic feel to the movie is right in your face and everything feels really authentic. The actors are all incredible, Rooney Mara & Christopher Plummer in particular. The action is quite fast paced, with very little time to get complacent.I was on the edge of my seat for the whole film, even though I knew what was going to happen more or less. The ending with Harriet is different from the original. Stieg Larrson makes equally fascinating research for anyone who is interested in the man behind the movie. The photographs and all the research material used in the case file are excellent and add to the feel of the movie.
평점: 10	리뷰: Mikael Blomkvist has been convicted of libel against Wennerström(whose pretty much only perceived as a villain in this, one of the few arguable failures of this) and the fee he has to pay costs him his life savings. So when he is offered a large pay, as well as the inside scoop on his nemesis, he agrees to, in return, try to solve the 40-year-old disappearance case of the daughter of Henrik Vanger, the retiring and dying leader of the concern named after him. The suspects? His entire family. The wealth and power is alluring, after all. He is aided by the Goth hacker, Lisbeth. I didn't think I was going to say this, especially because I loved Rapace's performance, but Rooney Mara *is* Salander. The mannerisms, the anti-social behaviour, the voice, everything, spot-on. This is the far more interesting(and emotionally involving, both her to us and her with others) take on her(like other things in this, it's deeper), such as the clear Asperger's Syndrome aspects to her(not present in the other one). These are not hammered home, they are there and if you know what they are, you'll see them. They come naturally to this, as many other things in this. This is not a remake or Americanization of the Swedish film, it is a fresh adaptation of the novel, and without having read it, even I knew things that that one missed, and they are in this, and this is all the better for it. This is far superior to that one; while not in every single respect, the things where they match or this is lesser are insignificant in amount and/or scope. One negative that is perhaps noteworthy is that not only was this shot where it's set, no, they went the extra mile with Swedish pronounciation and poorly attempted accents, and this is awkward and requires getting used to. This doesn't convey the isolation, however, in its place is the freezing cold. The theme of men of authority who hate women and make them suffer is explored well. This doesn't remove anything that was extreme in the original, rather, it makes them even stronger. It is a brutal, disturbing, sexually perverted tragedy with a moderate amount of swearing. The ending and opening(reminiscent of that of Fight Club) are infinitely greater, and leave an imprint on you. I don't know how, since this isn't much longer, though this definitely fits in a lot more, and has a richness of detail that the '09 one lacks(and while I know that those were meant to be a mini-series, I'd say this is the better approach, separating the installments and not making them all at once). This has a good mystery, if I'm unsure if the hints towards the solution are excessive or not. I recommend this to anyone who might like it(be sure to know what you're in for, this pulls no punches). 10/10
평점: 8	리뷰: When I first read this book I found it slow going and long. Even after reading half of it I didn't like the confusion or the slow pace. At 3/4 I began to like it and by the time I finished it had grown on me. Although not a well written book it was filled with detail that a movie maker could use to craft what they wanted into the picture. When I saw the Swedish film I was really impressed. It was a little confusing but much better than the book. The photography was interesting and bright and helped to let the viewer focus on the complex plot. The acting was really good and it was surprising that none of the characters were particularly attractive. I expected the English version to be much less realistic and it was but that's OK. We imagine ourselves as the characters and are used to Hollywood. The shocking scenes of nudity, homosexuality, rape, sadism, bondage and torture are brutal and I'm not sure if this isn't the most shocking to the sensibilities of any movie I've seen in my life. It stays with you long after you watch it and doesn't make me want to go visit Sweden anytime soon. I'll never think of it as the land of Elke Summer again. On the plus side I was really amazed at the quality of acting, photography, editing and overall movie-making in the Swedish film. It's not just at the top of foreign films it is comparable to any non special effect American movie. The American version I expected to be even better. I thought it would show the superior expertise of writers here portraying the complex plot in a more understandable manner. I thought there would be more effort shown with the pace of the movie and all the areas that we excel in because of the huge sums of money we put into our films. After all they were copying not only a best selling book but the most successful movie ever made in Sweden. How could it help but be better. Unfortunately I was wrong on all counts. This should have been a piece of cake. They weren't working from a book but already had a very good movie to work from. It seems like the worst they could do was just dub it in English and reap millions. Instead they started with a Terminator beginning like a James Bond movie, completely out of place and inexplicable. Then they get a director of dark, scary movies to create a dark mood with DARK visuals to make everything hard to see and understand. Sure don't need that with a complex plot. The music seemed out of place also. You don't need all this scary stuff when the story is absolutely frightening without it and when the contrast of bright clarity and horrible actions is much more shocking. A word about the characters. Daniel Craig looks a lot like the Swedish actor Michael Nyqvist except without the bad skin. Both were very good actors. The Girl Lizbeth (Noomi Rapace) was excellent. Going in everyone knew this was an Academy Award part besides being a three film role. What actress wouldn't want this role? And Mara Rooney also did a great job EXCEPT - now maybe I'm just getting old but they had her whisper stuff and mumble things and I absolutely couldn't hear or understand them. In a movie that has such incredible suspense you don't want to be asking the person next to you in the theater what the hell she said.Don't get me wrong. I like this movie. It was frightening. It was shocking. It was consequently REALLY memorable. But what an opportunity lost. I can't imagine how it could be easier to make a movie when all you have to do is copy a great one, make it in English, and improve on the weak points. Unfortunately it's sort of like they remade Pride and Prejudice with John Woo directing, and used rap music. The movie is a "B" that will get treated as an "A" because of the subject matter of abuse of women and how graphic the scenes of sexual abuse are. Rooney will receive awards, etc. But oh, what it could have been. If you like this movie, which you will, get the Swedish version. You'll like it better.
평점: 9	리뷰: As soon as the Stieg Larsson movement made its way to North America, me being a pop culture junkie, I was intrigued. But I hate to read. Lucky for me, of course, the three books in the trilogy had already been made into feature films in Sweden, and thus, I saw them all. And to be quite frank, I didn't really understand what all the fuss was about, as made evident by my reviews of the first three films. The story seemed choppy, convoluted and the films were far too long and seemed to drag forever.I understand now that I think a fair amount was simply lost in translationor missed due to reading sub-titled."The Girl With the Dragon Tattoo" has now been remade by an American filmmaker. Although usually the kiss of death right there, well, um.Not this time.As soon as I heard there was to be a remake, I sorta cringed at the thought, but once I saw the Swedish version, I couldn't help but think it could be improved upon considerably. And the story would be much easier to follow in, you know, English. When I found out the man behind the film was going to be David Fincher , however, I couldn't imagine a remake not being anything less than exquisite. With works of brilliance like "Seven," "Zodiac," and his Oscar-nominated "The Social Network" under his belt, this film couldn't have possibly been anything less than electrifying.And I was right. Right from his signature, breathtaking opening credits.There were a lot of things about the story I had a hard time keeping track of the first time around, but I remember the film. And what Fincher managed to do was nothing short of beautiful. Staying very true to the original film, but flushing out what I can only imagine to be some of the more subtle details of the book, he has made a much more uniform film.The incredibly talented (and stunning) Daniel Craig takes over the role of Mickael Blomkvist, a discredited journalist who is hired by a wealthy patriarch to try to solve the murder of his niece forty years prior. Aided by a brilliant but troubled researcher, Lisbeth Salander, they uncover corruption that goes far beyond what they expected to find.Craig's performance is nothing short of perfect, but Rooney Mara's transformation into Lisbeth is nothing short of extraordinary. Last seen in a small role in "The Social Network," the actress is almost unrecognizable as she executes the troubled character with such precision, watching her on screen is like a moving work of art, both painful and graceful. Having just captured a Golden Globe nomination for Best Actress, I would be hard pressed to imagine that her nomination won't translate into one for an Academy Award as well. A nomination that I think she could have a serious shot of winning, despite the obvious upcoming inclusion of some woman with the last name of Streep.And although the rest of the supporting cast is made up of excellent performances by the likes of Oscar-nominated Christopher Plummer, Stellan Skarsgard, Robin Wright and a surprisingly strong showing for an unexpected Joely Richardson ("Nip/Tuck"), the real artist here is, once again, Fincher himself. Going against everything most American directors attempt, Fincher did not try to Americanize the film in any way. There was worry that he might water it down or make it more Hollywood-friendly but the end result is, in fact, a film that is even more violent, more distressing, and even more sexually charged than the Swedish attempt. No corners were cut, no locations were changed, no smoothing anything over to avoid an R rating. With just a slight alteration for a more cohesive ending (no idea if this ending is not in the book, or the original films ending is), Fincher managed to make the film I completely expected him to make. And then some.Yes, the film does indeed run a little long, as did the original, but with so much intrigue and twists and turns, it doesn't run so long to make you check the time. It simply manages to tell an excellent story of familial corruption, while conveying the true, intense, incredible hardships of a heartbreakingly beautiful and intelligent but violent woman who has covered up her pain in makeup and hairspray. And tattoos.
평점: 10	리뷰: Just to be quick and get it out of the way, Rooney Mara did an outstanding job as Salander. She surpassed my expectations and put any doubts I may have had about her to rest. She did a better job than Noomi Rapace and Rapace delivered an incredible performance to begin with. She definitely deserves the academy awards best actress nominee if not the award itself because she carries that movie from start to finish and it was breathtaking to see her do a complete 180 from her earlier roles. She is not playing Lisbeth Salander, but rather, she is Lisbeth Salander. Despite minor discrepancies from the book's plot, the changes that were made worked if and only if you are not a picky fan that cannot have anything changed at all. I will admit the first half hour is a little slow especially to the general audience but that does not detract from the rest of the movie. Being in a full theater, everyone gasped, clapped, cheered, laughed, and even cried at all the pivotal points of the story. Everyone I have talked to and based on people's reactions in the theater, they all felt attached to Salander which again reinforces my best actress winner.Go watch this movie because it truly is "the feel bad movie of Christmas"
평점: 6	리뷰: For starters, why did they have remake this one? I would have loved to see the reactions to a remake of "Casablanca" in 1945, or what about "Gone With The Wind" with another beautiful actress who lacked the fire Leigh brought to the role. Could I even picture "Titanic" with another Kate? There was something iconic about the way Rapace's performance in the original "Dragon". She raised the bar to the point she might never be able to match the complexity of that performance, an organic, complete, involving role that consumed her and hypnotized the audience. The new film tries very hard to recreate the experience, and it does a decent job in some aspects, but the first film was more than just a performance. It emanated from troubled relationships, from flawed nature, from the way expectations were toppled one after another. In the recent film, changing the ending doesn't quite work; in fact, it hurts the film quite a bit. There are some very good elements in the new film, especially the score, something that permeates the film with much needed energy, and there is something fresh about the way some of the scenes were opened up, particularly near the end. However, it is what has been done to the main character that is painful to watch. In the novel and the first film our protagonist has a troubled background. It interferes with the way she develops her relationships, and it makes her a survivor. She has enough scars and pain in her past to be alert and in a defensive mode. She doesn't trust others, and it is not a good idea to challenge her intellectually. She could be an impressive adversary. Fincher's Lisbeth is mostly style and pouts very well. There are flashes of her strength, but it is not consistent with the source material. Additionally, Fincher has added some touches to the movie that emphasize the ugliness of her world, sometimes it tips the feel of the movie, going a little too far. It becomes too graphic, too lurid, and it cheapens the story.There is also an issue with the way the film is a little too long with the way some of the characters are introduced, and some situations are detailed to the point that it seems to question the audience's ability to make deductions. Did we need to go into a shopping spree to set up the big scene near the end? Once again, I'd love to hear an explanation for the ending? Why?
평점: 5	리뷰: Watching the original Swedish version of "The Girl with the Dragon  Tattoo," I was actively engaged with its dual story lines, but I also  found myself pondering which of the two was the more important. Now  that David Fincher has made an English-language remake, I find myself  pondering what went wrong. Here is a mystery thriller so cold, so  distant, and so lacking in energy that it feels neither mysterious nor  thrilling. It follows the plot of the original film fairly closely, and  yet it makes a number of small changes that drastically affect its  credibility. I'm also stumped by the curious decision to retain the  Swedish setting. If you have gone to the trouble of casting  English-speaking actors, it seems only fitting that you should change  the story's location to somewhere more appropriate, say America or  Britain.  Adapted from the novel by Stieg Larsson, the title is a description of  goth chick Lisbeth Salander (Rooney Mara), an emotionally walled-off  computer hacker who works for a security company. In the original film,  we got only scraps of her back story, and yet just enough was given to  pique our interest. We were challenged to read her. Who was she? What  had she gone through? What led up to a disturbing watershed moment seen  only in flashback? In this remake, her back story doesn't even amount  to crumbs. That watershed moment is altogether removed, as is a  significant chunk of her family history. Because of this, we're no  longer compelled to probe her mind, to try and understand why she is  the way she is. All we see is a girl in her early twenties in serious  need of an attitude adjustment.  She was hired to investigate a former reporter turned magazine  publisher named Mikael Blomkvist (Daniel Craig), who lost a libel case  against a powerful billionaire. Although he must pay a serious amount  in damages, he insists that he was set up. Lisbeth is inclined to  agree; her investigative work turned up nothing incriminating. Not long  after the trial, Mikael is hired by a man named Dirch Frode (Steven  Berkoff) on behalf of his employer, Henrik Vanger (Christopher  Plummer), the former CEO of a family industry. Now retired on a  family-owned island off the mainland, he asks two things of Mikael: To  write a memoir about the Vanger clan and to investigate the case of his  great-niece, Harriet, who disappeared in 1966 when she was only a  teenager. Henrik is convinced she was murdered, and that her killer is  a member of his family, with whom he does not get along.  Needing an assistant, Mikael is directed towards Lisbeth, who has just  worked her way of a particularly nasty situation with her new guardian,  a sadistic sexual pervert (Yorick van Wageningen) who kept strict  control of her finances. As she and Mikael dig deeper into the mystery,  they must make sense of a series of numbers Harriet wrote in a  notebook, all of which are paired with initials. What do they mean? How  do they connect to a series of murders spread across time and distance,  all involving young women? And in what way does Henrik's family factor  in? Watching the original film, I anxiously awaited the moment the  mystery would be solved. That's because, as contrived as it was, there  was at least the sense that the filmmakers were interested in their own  material. The same cannot be said about this new film. There's no  urgency about it.  I think much of the blame rests on the updated screenplay by Steven  Zaillian, which awkwardly intertwines dark and twisted scenarios with  an undercurrent of dry wit. When Henrik first meets Mikael, for  example, we find that the former is almost jovial  not at all  appropriate given his sad situation. Certain scenes from the original  film were intense, and yet they always felt as if they were character  driven. That's not the case here; most of the intense scenes, including  when Lisbeth spontaneously decides to have sex with Mikael, are  overproduced, as if the intention was to be sensational. The most  glaring misfire is the inclusion of a stray cat. I don't need to spell  out what happens to it. I will say, however, that this plot device is  so overused that it has long since ceased to be symbolic. Now it's just  cruel and disgusting.  Little touches, such as Mikael's affair with his magazine coworker  (Robin Wright) and his relationship with his religious teenage daughter  (Josefin Asplund), contribute absolutely nothing to the story apart  from a surplus of characters. And then there's the ending, which is  really more of an epilogue as it involves events unrelated to the case  of Harriet Vanger. In the original film, it was a brief couple of  scenes that tied up a few loose ends. Here, it goes on much longer than  it should. I'm usually the first to give remakes the benefit of the  doubt. It's certainly not my style to make endless comparisons between  old and new versions of the same story. But in the case of "The Girl  with the Dragon Tattoo," I just can't help myself. I'll make this easy  on you: See the original instead of the remake. Quite simply, the  original is better.  -- Chris Pandolfi
평점: 10	리뷰: ALERT: THERE IS CURSING, NUDITY, SMOKING, AND A FAST MOTORCYCLE.GO SEE IT!!I know about the books. I know about the Euro-films. I paid no attention to them.... I went in cold, wanting an unbiased opinion to the Hollywood version.1) Craig played this roll brilliantly. His 007 "stereo-typing" is no longer in question.2) This flick is l-o-n-g. 2.6 hours. Yes, my butt told me it needed shifting. But, this flick kept me wanting more, and I got it.3) Thinking. There are places in this flick where you must think on your own, making your own conclusions. I love this in a drama, I get to play a part, I'm also an investigator.4) Next: THE GIRL WHO PLAYED WITH FIRE. This is a trilogy, ya know.5) Get the LARGE popcorn.
평점: 4	리뷰: David Fincher's remake of TGWTDT has enough to keep the film steady on its feet, but lacks a horde of specific qualities from Oplev's excellent effort. Firstly, in a basic mystery story, there is a need to present a series of twists and discoveries that lead to solving the mystery. Fincher's film fails to present this trail of bread crumbs in the same enticing way that Oplev's did. Instead, we get a fast forward hyperspace logic jump when Blomkvist's daughter (out of nowhere) points out the vital clue that breaks the case, and then all related info is collected by Lisbeth in 5 minutes. Secondly, the following characters were shadows of themselves in the Fincher version: 1. Lisbeth Salander 2. Henrik Vanger 3. Martin Vanger 4. Bjurman The actors weren't horrible, but they were not as good as the ones in the Swedish version. Lastly, there were key omissions and changes which, for me, were completely inexplicable and confusing. 1. Lisbeth's past, father, etc. was one or two lines of dialog. 2. Harriet Vanger in London? 3. Vanger does not tell Blomkvist that he knew Harriet.It all adds up to a disappointing attempt to recreate the dark energy of Oplev's film. And the opening sequence was like a Tool video mixed with bad James Bond.
평점: 4	리뷰: Here is a rundown of the differences in the two movies:-MIKAEL BLOMKVIST-American - Blomkvist is played as more of a tough guy and not a good guy. His flaws are laid bare and he shows himself to be much more detached than emotional.Swedish - This is the "good guy" side of Mikael. He is sensitive, caring, and smart. He shows a protective side when it comes to Lisbeth. Physically speaking the Swedish Blomkvist doesn't look as sturdy as his American counterpart. He has a gut and appears to be quite a bit older than Lisbeth which can make the relationship between them more shudder inducing and probably accounts for why there are fewer sex scenes between them in the Swedish version. -LISBETH SALANDER-American - Perhaps because Blomkvist was made into such a strong character Lisbeth was then morphed into a more withdrawn and vulnerable girl so as to complement the new Blomkvist. She still has attitude, aggression, and rage but she also exhibits a quiet shy side that was not in the original as well as more of a romantic side.Swedish - In this version Lisbeth is not shy, not gentle, and not nice. She doesn't chase Blomkvist - he chases her. She perfectly embodies everything you think of when you think of a strong female lead and has an unpredictability and edge to her that is exciting to watch. Her dragon tattoo is much, much better.-OVERALL- I liked the American Mikael and the Swedish Lisbeth. While I may prefer a scene or two from the Swedish version, such as the ending, overall I enjoyed the American version more. On the flip side, I can understand why some may hate this version because Lisbeth was their favorite character and she's been changed into something they don't like. For me, the modifications to Lisbeth's character weren't severe enough to put me off.The Swedish version captured a cult following for a reason and I would recommend both to anyone who has an interest in darker gritty movies that have a raw intensity to them. The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo isn't for the faint of heart and that's what I love about it!
평점: 3	리뷰: "The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo" is poised as an enigmatic mystery-thriller of real cinematic and storytelling potential, with a superb cast and gripping performances to bet on. Filmgoers used to David Fincher, with similar titles such as "Seven" and "The Game" to his name, are all in a fuss to see what is next in the Fincher oeuvre. What we know of David Fincher, is that although he's created such classic films, he's always done it with a paintbrush not so famously modest. While we've always appreciated this granular and physical realism of his films, whether it was the violence in "Fight Club", or the crime scenes in "Seven", its appreciation was only served by its storytelling. Out of context, many scenes appear as almost manufactured gratuity, seemingly made just to shock audiences. Unfortunately what has happened in the "The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo" is just that. The storytelling, narrative, and dialogue from the onset, follows through the film in a clumsy, nebulous, and poorly-written mess, making everything written seem just as bookends to a number of highly shocking scenes. These scenes, while may be factual to the original story, are what the director seems to have focused his creativity on. And all that comes out of it, not mincing words, is purely shocking rapist-pornography. If I were to write off the film for these scenes, which I think is enough, it would be too easy. Lisbeth, one of the central characters, whom is the victim in these disturbing scenes, is depicted from the onset as an almost completely unsympathetic character. She's introduced as an antisocial, mute, even creepy prodigy of her investigative craft and leaves the film just as cold as she came in (The last scene, although narratively intended to be sympathetic, didn't change the character's complete lack of pathos) Her emotions, even though apparently warm for Mikael (Daniel Craig), are not particularly warming for the audience, as her emotional depth, personality, and sexuality on screen seems more dark, twisted, and expressionless as the man who rapes her. The film successfully depicts her as a "mute creep", and a completely unlikable and unsympathetic character. While you may hear groundswell rumblings for a best-actress nomination for Lisbeth by passionate fans of the film, it's my impulse to remind that those usually nominated, and those that win, normally have one of two things in common: Sympathy or Empathy. Many "heroes" may have Sympathy. And many "villains" may have Empathy. We don't feel fellowship or pathos for a "villain" (i.e.: Sympathy), but we might understand their motivations and emotions (i.e.: Empathy), as however their successfully displayed (i.e.: Macbeth). The tragedy of Lisbeth is that she's depicted as a "hero" under the guise and manner of a particularly mute "villain", with the result being that she lacks either really any Sympathy or Empathy. The film, luring audiences as a potentially great and classic Mystery-thriller, with Fincher's exquisite eye and style, is nothing but barely a facade to shock audiences. I feel personally terrible for all the families and children who could be going during this Christmas season to see it, under the impression that whatever R-rated scenes in the film will be negligible for what is successfully advertised as a possible classic-in-the-making of a very well-written Mystery. These scenes are X-rated material, I personally find it hard to believe they've received just an R rating.
평점: 10	리뷰: I'm going to begin by saying that I read the books first, watched the 2009 films afterwards, and I have just come back from seeing Fincher's adaptation for the second time. And Fincher's is by far the superior of the films. I am no stranger to the story and experienced it in the "proper order" as many elitist fans would call it. (While the ever more elitist "fans" would not have even watched Fincher's version). Fincher's Direction is superior; Trent Reznor & Atticus Ross's musical genius sets the perfect tone for the film, and best of all, the cast lends themselves to a brilliant story in ways that I believe would be irreproducible by any other actor/actress. I may be blasphemous for saying this but I don't care. Rooney Mara nailed the role better than Noomi Rapace and I look forward to Fincher's future endeavours with Lisbeth Salander and Mikael Blomkvist in coming years. And as for you people who are ever insistent on the same lame-@$$ed arguments to appear like you know what everyone else "should" enjoy...original languages do not make a movie good. "Passion of the Christ" was not more enriching because it was in Arabic. Not wanting to read subtitles is not a curse of the Lazy Man and the fact that you do does not mean you are more intelligent, cultured, or artistic. It means you are boastful,arrogant, and are looking for something to make you feel superior instead of going to watch a movie for a good story. If you want to be 100% pure in your Stieg Larsson enjoyment, learn Swedish, move to Stockholm, and bask in the glory that is your raging unmerited self esteem. If a language is reason for you not to enjoy something, you've missed the point entirely of watching a movie.
평점: 8	리뷰: I have read all three of Stieg Larsson's books and seen the Swedish movies. The Swedish version of The girl with the dragon tattoo(Män som hatar kvinnor) was very good but I feel it is somewhat overrated. Nothing particularly weak about it but still not as good as some claim. When word came about that David Fincher would direct the new one I was just overjoyed. My maybe favourite director working right now filming one of the best books I had read in years. With thrillers like Se7en and Zodiac to his credit he was the perfect choice. And he doesn't disappoint.The big question for many have been will Rooney Mara live up to Noomi Rapace as Lisbeth Salander? The answer is She does! Who is better is difficult to say because they actually play the character quite different. Noomi is older and seems more secure and determined character while Mara feels more fragile and emotional. I feel Mara is more like how Lisbeth is described in the book. I like this movie better but regarding Lisbeth Salander it's a draw. Daniel Craig is great as Blomkvist, and it's good that even if he is a big star(James Bond) he plays the role really down to earth, the person the character should be. It is and should be Salander who is the main one and he lets Mara be the star. One actor who really surpasses his predecessor is Stellan Skarsgård. Considering his character has such a big role this is a big plus for the American version. Christopher Plummer should also be mentioned. As I'm now on the actors I should also mention the relation between Salander and Blomkvist. Craig and Mara are brilliant at creating chemistry. Not only does one focus on the mystery but at the end maybe even more about them. Do they really speak with a Swedish accent? Some of them yes and I admit it felt a bit strange a first but one gets used to it like with most other things so some time later in the movie I didn't mind anymore. Steven Zaillian deserves praise for the script. The original movie, even though it was not much shorter the plot at times felt rushed. Especially the ending where it went so quick and simplified. Zaillian succeeds in fitting the story without making it to fast or simple. Even if one hasn't read the book you can follow what is going on. Very impressive and perhaps what lifted this movie above the Swedish. So there are some changes but for me, unlike how some feel about adaptations, the book isn't something holy and changes don't have to be wrong. Stieg Larsson's novel was not without flaws and the changes they made make sense, necessary and some better. Fincher is a master of suspense and shows it again here. The atmosphere and tone of the settings fit the story perfect. The movie is brutal just like the book and also that is handled great. Neither reduced or overdone. The music by Trent Reznor and Atticus Ross is as expected amazing. Almost as great as for The Social Network. I loved the opening credits set to the tones of the Immigrant Song cover. Some may feel it's a bit out of place but personally I loved it. So are there any weak points in it? Well the last parts of the movie the story slows down somewhat but thats because Stieg Larsson's novel was like that and those parts are also needed for the continuing of the series. And even if I really like the Millennium trilogy, the story is not perfect not as complicated as some might expect. Doesn't mess with your head like Se7en. If I'm to rank David Fincher's detective thrillers The girl with the dragon tattoo is below Se7en and Zodiac but it doesn't mean it is a weak movie, definitely not! I don't think I can find much they could have done better. The Swedish movie was good but this is much better. It lives up to my expectations as a fan of the book. Also works great as a thriller on it's own.
평점: 8	리뷰: Girl with the Dragon Tattoo is essentially a whodunit layered by a story about an investigative journalist getting his professional dignity stripped from him and then reaffirmed. It's central focus being that the title character Lisbeth, is a bad ass never back down girl who is stuck in between a rock and a hard place and performs several lewd, violent, and otherwise "bad" acts in order to get what she wants. Where the movie loses its center is in emphasizing the seemingly usual whodunit plot line that is the heart of this story, but not its soul, which lies in the personal stories of its characters.Before the bad stuff, let's talk about the good stuff. The stories of Lisbeth and the whodunit are both crafted superbly. While I can't say either of them are different or challenging the mainstream craft of these types of story lines, it doesn't change how visceral the scenes within are. I don't want to give anything away, but I want to say that there are a minimum of three scenes in this movie that made my skin crawl and my seat feel physically uncomfortable, but in a great way that only movies can manage. Note: This movie is really not for the weak of heart.Both lead actors do well with their roles. Lisbeth is brought to life in every blank stare and movement, yet something about the whole character seems very statue like, I can't figure out if it's good or bad, but it was believable in any case. As for Daniel Craig, I've enjoyed his turns as James Bond, and this role is like a less secret agent version of that role.In all reality I look at this movie and I believe that what's been done here is very good, possibly the best film of this year, but I would assert that that statement is not saying much. This has not been a great year at the movies.However let's address what I was alluding to about the heart of the movie and the soul of the movie. Where the movie spends much of its filming genius and storyline is in the whodunit plot line. Intricate set pieces with perhaps one too many family members and flashbacks and pictures all lend themselves to a formulaic mystery plot line that serves as the driving point of staying with the movie. However, before starting that plot line and for about the last thirty or so minutes of the movie, that's not what this movie is about.While the movie spends so much time working the whodunit, several other more interesting things have happened and eventually happen that get skated over because the biggest part of the running time was spent on David Fincher's version of noir, without all the pulp that comes with the cop drama. Just about every moment of the film that doesn't have to do with this central theme has more interesting elements, but none of them are spent with much time, its almost like they were put in the movie just so people couldn't point and say, "You left this this this and this out of the movie when they were in the book," but they are thrown together so fast and recklessly that it leaves me wondering if the book truly skated over these plot points with such abandon or if I have to go read it to get what feels like the actual story.The biggest issue comes from its central characters only participating in the whodunit because there in lies something they want. For all the time the film spends making Lisbeth a bad ass new age woman that gets what she wants for herself, they spend a lot of the film showing that she really is just a dressed up girl, who makes her self out as a vamp. None of this is more painfully shown than in the last shot of the movie, which I'll let all of you experience for yourselves.While I like this film, something about it is just unbalanced from the story perspective. Why in a story rife with intrigue into the inner ties of corporate leaders and secrecy and shadows and computer hacking type activities must the plot butter up the seen a thousand times whodunit and skip the icing with the stories centered around these overarching elements? It doesn't make sense, and I firmly believe this film misses something from the book. Maybe I am wrong about that, but it makes the film seem unbalanced in that aspect.And yet it is a good film. I will give it an 8 out of 10.
평점: 9	리뷰: If you saw and liked the original Swedish film based on Stieg Larsson's novel "The Girl With the Dragon Tattoo," you might be pleased or disappointed with David Fincher's English-language remake for the same reason: this is a pretty straight-forward remake with few surprises for fans of Neil Arden Opley's 2009 adaptation of the same material. Even the leading players, Daniel Craig and Rooney Mara, seem to have been chosen because of their resemblance to Michael Nyqvist and Noomi Rapace.Despite its familiarity, I found this version as engrossing as the first with the cast more than equal to the challenge of bringing these characters to life. And if you're looking for a great insult to direct at an enemy, the phrase on Mara's T-shirt in one scene is a masterpiece of raunchy perfection. I think Leo the Lion, M-G-M's mascot, may have read it, too, which could explain why his roar was silent for a change when the company logo appeared on screen before the movie.Be sure not to miss the opening titles which reminded me of the opening of a Bond film as it might appear in a nightmare.
평점: 6	리뷰: I was thrilled when I heard that this wonderful book, translated from the original Swedish, would be made into a movie. My husband and I both were fans from the get go. I expected some omissions and can forgive the omission of Blomkvist's affair with Cecilia, but cannot forgive the change in the end of the story ... another Hollywood thinks they are better than the author fiasco. Why oh why does this happen to all great books? Why do they have to dumb it down? Of course, they will make another and another. How will they screw with the next two? One can only imagine. I do however recommend you see it. Make sure you wear a sweater, it is cold throughout most of the movie and it is winter you know.
평점: 10	리뷰: I guess there's no need to beat around the bush. I'll go ahead and say that Rooney Mara deserves the Academy Award for best actress due to her powerful, yet disturbing role as Lisbeth Salander in this film. Now, with that being said, this movie is why I go to the theater. The setting was perfect, the acting was amazing, the writing was superb, and in my honest opinion, the film clearly separates itself from the Swedish version that many (including myself) saw and loved. It's an American telling of a Swedish novel and everybody dialed it up big time for this movie. Now this is not a movie that I would take a child to go see and I would be skeptical of taking friends to see it around the holidays due to the disturbing content, but it is still beyond amazing. This movie forces you to pay close attention to every little detail when it comes to solving a mystery and the ending is not one you would expect if you had never read the novel. The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo shows you the darkest side of people (especially men and I can't go into that without telling you about the film.) I can't say enough about Rooney Mara who transforms herself for this role. For those of you who are dead-set on bashing this film because you love Noomi Rapace as Lisbeth, if you let that go for a little while, you will see like I do, a film that is deserving of every single award it WILL win and consideration as one of the best films of the last 20 years.
평점: 10	리뷰: The Girl With the Dragon Tattoo is brilliantly done in ways better then the book and way better then the 2009 version. Though I didn't dislike the 09 version I thought they left out parts from the book that I thought should've been shown. David Fincher's version you pretty much don't have to read the book. Follows it amazingly. Took parts out that could and needed to be taken out and shorten parts of the book with beautifully done shorter scenes to get the point across which was better then the books longer sequences. Even put a little twist at the end that didn't effect the story and was in my opinion better then the book original. Best Fincher opening sequence movie title which he's been known for in the past with Trent Reznor and Karen O's remake of Led Zeppelin's Immigrant song. Reznor does a great job with subtle music that sets the mood and matches exactly the emotion you feel in the scenes in the movie and story.Daniel Craig of course is great as Mickael but Rooney Mara easily steals the movie in her performance as Lisbeth Salander. How she played Lisbeth is exactly how I pictured her. The way the book describes her quirks and how she holds and smokes her cigarette Rooney did perfectly. She plays the blend of toughness and vulnerability that is Lisbeth Salander in perfect blend. Making herself beautiful behind the tattoos and piercings that Lisbeth is known to be in the books. I want to see at least an Oscar nod for her role. As much as I love Keira Knightly and Natalie Portman I can't see them in that role after seeing Rooney Mara play her. That's how perfect she played her.
평점: 7	리뷰: Bottom line: Rooney Mara is razor-sharp in this stylish but very uneven (and very long) very dark drama. It's about 30 minutes too long--and the final half-hour, which focuses on an unrelated (and uninteresting) villain, torpedoes the entire movie. I figured out who the ultimate villain was very early on (due to unfortunate casting---as the actor always plays the heavy so it was no surprise at all). I really, really wanted to love this movie and waited with great anticipation for its opening for months. Alas, I left disappointed. And judging from the other movie-goers reaction, I wasn't alone. For such a strong start, the ending was milquetoast and not worthy of the build-up.
평점: 10	리뷰: The lights dim, the movie begins with a brief prologue, and the zany and incredibly weird opening credits begin, set to a creepy cover of Led Zeppelin's "Immigrant Song." From the beginning, we are in for a wild ride as Stieg Larsson's incredibly popular novel "The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo" is brought to life on screen.Scorned journalist Mikael Blomkvist is called upon by Henrik Vanger, a very wealthy man, while writing a book. Vanger is in search of an answer to the disappearance of his niece, Harriet, which occurred over 40 years ago. He assumes that Harriet is dead, and that she was murdered. He looks to Mikael to investigate her disappearance and who killed her. Then Mikael gets assistance from Lisbeth Salander, a dangerous but intelligent 24 year-old punk who is an accomplished computer hacker and a great contribution to the solving of other crimes. Together, Mikael and Lisbeth go on a dark, eerie journey into a world of crime, Nazism, and corruption that will lead them to Harriet's assassin.I walked into "The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo" with almost no knowledge of Larsson's novel or the Swedish film made a few years before David Fincher's version. The end result is ultimately an extremely satisfying, brutal, and complex thriller thanks to great direction by Fincher (known greatly for his work on "Seven," "The Game," and "The Social Network"), excellent writing, and an impeccably chosen cast.After only a few years, the character of Lisbeth Salander has become an attention-grabbing heroine that is as iconic as Edward Cullen of the love-it-or-hate-it "Twilight" series. And we can understand why. After all the truly awful and hideous things that have plagued her life, Lisbeth doesn't take any crap from anybody. She may be angry, violent, overtly sexual, demanding, and perhaps a little crazy, but she is a genius at what she does, and has reasons for all of her actions, no matter how gruesome they may be.The mystery surrounding the film is sophisticated and white-knuckling, adding to the intensity and mood of the story and its characters. We're not sure of who is Harriet's killer, or if Harriet is even dead, until the last half hour of the film, and when we do find out the twist, it leaves a stupendous impact.After cementing his reputation in brutal crime thrillers, and surprising us with "The Curious Case of Benjamin Button" and "The Social Network," David Fincher was the right man for the director's chair. Every film he makes, even a drama like "The Social Network," sets up a tone of genuine suspense, tension, and fear for the characters. "The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo" isn't any different as Fincher adds his signature touch to the movie.Of all of the people they could have chosen to play these roles, the casting director landed in a pot of gold. Daniel Craig does a wonderful job as Mikael, showing us that he can play characters other than James Bond. With the amount of screen time she has, Robin Wright is also very good as Blomkvist's business partner Erika Berger. Christopher Plummer and Stellan Skarsgård also turn in great performances as Henrik Vanger and Martin Vanger.The person to really watch out for, however, is Rooney Mara as Lisbeth Salander. Getting her big break in the underrated remake of "A Nightmare on Elm Street" and later starring in Fincher's previous film "The Social Network" (giving a dynamite performance in the opening scene), Mara has sealed her future with many more promising and exciting roles because of her portrayal of Lisbeth. This is not an easy role to play, knowing that Mara is the second person to play the character. She must endure two shocking rape scenes and a torture sequence, and there is a hefty amount of nudity involved. Mara embodies Lisbeth, immediately bringing immense intimidation, danger, and fury every time she comes on to the screen. Her eyes are wide and emotionless, almost as if you can see right through her. And with everything that has happened to the character, we understand that Lisbeth has a right to be that way. She may be smart, but she is not interested in attraction or friendships with another human being. Overall, Mara gives a sensational, fearless, dedicated, and electrifying performance that guarantees an Oscar nod.Being released during the cheery time of the holidays, "The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo" is not a feel-good film, by any means. It is a harsh, gritty, and rough cinema trip that answers the question of leaving the kids at home with the babysitter. Also, if you're squeamish, you will not like it. However, those who have read the book, and those who have not read it, should check it out. Even without having read Larsson's novel, I left the theater completely satisfied. It is a movie experience that you don't commonly get. Fincher has done it again. "The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo" is a must!
평점: 9	리뷰: I have always read reviews and not taken the time to actually write my own, but for this film Ill make the exception.For a fan of the books, I have seen the first Swedish film and now living in Sweden, working where it was filmed in Uppsala. I had a huge interest on how this film would reflect the book and more importantly Sweden.Without giving too much away, I think this film has done an excellent job, I have abstained from giving a full 10 due to the slight change to the ending.For me, the level of detail, subtleties of how we eat Sandwiches with cheese on the single slice of bread, the Swedish response when Mikael couldn't get a signal on his phone and much more. I loved this film and has truly put Sweden back on the map, its not all ABBA you know.Rooney Mara in my opinion played Lisbeth better than Noomi as I thought Noomi Rapace was too old. The Swedish film didn't really mention the Wennerström affair and the money, which is a major platform for the next 2 books.For a solid cast, great setting, I highly recommend this film.
평점: 8	리뷰: ***Update*** I just screened the Swedish trilogy... They are riveting. The Fincher picture is better filmed, but isn't. Riveting that is. The Swedish characters have more depth, they aren't expanded into iconic figures as are Finchers', they are more real. Rapace would NEVER show a romantic interest in Blomqvist as Mara does at the end of the US pic; there's an expectation that everyone should swoon over Daniel Craig. Which is off kilter. She would never buy him an expensive gift - she would barely offer a thanks. We'll see what the next two are like.Back to my review of the USA version . . .Having watched "TGWTDT USA" last night I'm not really convinced that it needed doing. Yes I liked the plot changes; they tightened up the story and allowed time to be spent in a few other parts of the script (notably in the rape and sex scenes). But was it worth $100 million to do a remake when the original is still playing on movie channels? Probably not. The opening credits are impressive, but seem to relate more to a new "Batman" than this picture. A sign of having way too much money available in the budget. They got the film off to a little bit of a confusing start. I admit to not being a Daniel Craig (Mikael Blomkvist) fan, frankly he reminds me more than a little of an evil gnome of some sort, a Rumpelstilskin (which does however fit well with the Nordic locale of this picture). He does his usual perfunctory job in this film adding nothing really that we hadn't seen from Michael Nyqvist. For me, he was a little too fit and hunky for the role; Blumqvist is a journalist not a fitness trainer and needs the associated love handles and pot belly of a professional scribbler. Was I the only one who noticed the resemblance of Blumqvist's daughter in the movie to Michael Nyqvist? Rooney Mara is very good in her role as Lisbeth Salander, but not any better that Noomi Rapace. She (Mara) does borrow so much for her performance from Rapace's work, that it's difficult to give her full credit. I think Rapace, from her acting, was more believable as a hacker, as a victim and as a vengeance taker. (I will admit that I'm always suspicious when an actress from a billionaire family gets a plum role or recording contract which work against my consideration of Ms Mara. {"Daddy can I be a model, an actress and a singer today?") Where this production catches up to the previous version in my rating is in its cinematography; a hundred million goes a long way to creating exactly what the writer and director want the audience to see. And this production certainly does that. It is brilliantly filmed. The picture also is notable for its dramatic and highly visual scenes of violence and sex, perhaps the most graphically accurate ever put to screen. Good on David Fincher. Well done.
평점: 10	리뷰: After reading all 3 books by Larson, I saw the movie yesterday and am Pleased that the plot followed the book in almost all instances given that there's only so much time to follow the book in its entirety. I thought it was well done, even though I would have been pleased WITHOUT the intimate sexual scenes with Blomqvist. Photography was well done and detail was attended throughout the movie. I would like to have seen more dialog regarding Elizabeth's computer skills as that was played up well in the book. All in all I really did enjoy the presentation and am looking forward to, hopefully, the next installment.I rate it 9+
평점: 1	리뷰: I will start out writing that I never read the books or watched the original movie. I'm writing this based just on the film that was presented and nothing else. That being stated, this film was a tedious, convoluted mess of nonsense, graphic rape-torture, and mostly stereotyped uninspired casting.I am not going to give a detailed synopsis, you can get that elsewhere. All I will say is the plot has something to do with an industrialist who hires Daniel Craig to find out who killed his niece. The graphic rape-torture scenes make you feel like you are watching a snuff film. The casting of the rapist was almost laughable. A fat, creepy looking Yorick van Wageningen plays the rapist. The reality is rapists look like everyone else. I'm surprised he did not have an eye patch and a scar on his face. Another point, what predator (Wageningen) would pick a would be victim who he knows has a history of unpredictability, violence, and works for a security company! Totally unrealistic.I really do not understand the people who love this film. I think their positive reviews say more about them then it does the movie....
평점: 3	리뷰: First off, I want to say that I have not seen the original Swedish adaptation and I have not read the book. This is simply a review of the movie itself, judging as nothing more than a movie. Also, this will contain spoilers.Call me crazy, but I don't get this movie. That is not to say that I don't understand what happened, but I do not understand the point of this movie. From my seat, it seemed like a movie that is vulgar for the sake of being vulgar and cruel for the sake of being cruel.The rape scene was completely disgusting. Furthermore, I am not entirely sure what the point of the whole sequence with the social worker really added to the movie. Lisbeth had a very difficult and dark life, I am not sure that we really needed to see it to that intensity.Then we have the actual plot itself. Mikael is hired to track down Henrik Vanger's granddaughter who he believes was murdered decades earlier by another member of the family. Mikael and Lisbeth end up discovering that they are looking for a serial killer within the family which turns out to be a father and son and get this, it has almost nothing to do with the actual disappearance of Hillary, the granddaughter. Then there is the ending, after Mikael and Lisbeth have a little bit of a tryst during their hunt for Hillary, Lisbeth gets completely forgot by Mikael who goes back to his girlfriend.In short, the movie is all about taking a huge, gigantic dump on the girl with the dragon tattoo for no apparent reason.
평점: 10	리뷰: For everyone who is about to read this and get excited over the fact that this movie is awful, I have a delightful surprise! I'm hoping those of you who clicked this to agree with me actually read this review because I have something different to say.This movie was absolutely fantastic. I saw the Swedish version immediately after reading ALL 3 BOOKS, and I liked their take on the first book. The last 2 movies they made were boring as hell and had no thrill to them whatsoever.However, this David Fincher flick is SWEET! Right from the opening credits, you're immersed in a tech-trance of wonder. The opening credits show glimpses of angry hornets and fires blazing, obviously pointing out the fact that Fincher is game for the next 2 adaptations.Every aspect of this movie had me engaged and extremely entertained. I didn't see the Swedish version on the big screens, but I listened to it with my lovely Bose headphones, and the score was simply unimpressive when compared to the American version.Fincher's take on Blomkvist and Salander are superb. Mikael is not just Daniel Craig pumping out his normal demeanor and smooth accent. He is an actual character that you are interested in! You want to know why he is able to shag the wife of his co-worker, and continue to use his charm to attract even the most unlikely candidates-Lisbeth.Lisbeth is purely the main character, and those who haven't read the books still get a good idea of her almost-soulless attitude. Her character is expressed beautifully. The toughest scenes (if you read the book you would know) seem to come naturally to Rooney. It's as though Salander were a real person and Rooney studied with her for 2 years in Sweden.As for the mystery aspect of it, some may be able to figure out the ending from the beginning if they have some weird NCIS instinct. However, I know that there were details I forgot from the book that Fincher encompassed perfectly in his take.If you are heart-set on the Swedish version, and rate this movie poorly, shame on you. The boring Millennium-centered dialogue that fill the Swedish version are drastically cut back. In fact, I don't believe they spent more than 2 or 3 scenes inside Millennium. If you care about movies continuing to be spectacular, then go see this movie. Compare it to the Swedish version for all I care, but understand that there is no way this movie deserves anything less than 6/10. I give it 10/10, where I would rate the book version a 9/10 had I the ability to compare.
평점: 9	리뷰: I can't say that there are many films where I find myself hooked before the movie ever begins.....but, this one "got me" as soon as the lights dimmed and the title credits began to flicker on screen. My litmus test for judging films is based upon how long after the film I am still thinking about it. I won't keep you in suspense. When it comes to that test, this film not only passed with flying colors....but totally NAILED it! I will be thinking about "The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo" for quite some time and, most likely, I will see it again during my holiday vacation. There is so much I want to pay more attention to during the next viewing; even though there are portions in which I will cover my eyes, as well. This is not an easy film to view. There are some pretty graphic sexual and violent scenes. If you are considering whether to see it now, or wait for cable - I assure you, this film is meant to be seen on the big screen. And, this isn't because it is in 3D or some other campy fad...it is because it is an excellent, suspenseful, white knuckler.It would be very easy to say that the one reason to see this film is Rooney Mara as Lisbeth Salander (the title character) - but that would be too simple....too obvious.....too benign. While this role is pretty much one of the most fascinating characters I've seen on screen for some time, I can honestly say that there are many, many more reasons to view this film. "The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo" is a thriller that just doesn't stop. Just when you think it's over and the story is done....it keeps going......as you sit in the theatre on the edge of your seat, as if you are riding the wildest, scariest, most exciting roller coaster you've ever been on. There are times during the film that I found myself squirming in my chair, completely uncomfortable with what was being projected, but unable to look away. I never knew where this film was going; it surprised me....shocked me......thrilled me.I borrowed the book quite a while ago, and I had resisted reading it - as I knew the film was coming out and I purposely didn't want to know very much about the storyline. I could see from the coming attractions that this movie was going to be an adventure and I wanted to ride that adventure.....not knowing the final destination. I am pleased to say that I do not regret that decision. (I will, by the way, read the book now).I will not give away very much of the plot. The film is meant to be experienced. Too much knowledge of the storyline.....would ruin it, in my opinion. Daniel Craig portrays Mikael Blomkvist, an investigative reporter and Rooney Mara portrays the mysterious Girl with the Dragon Tattoo. During the first portion of the film, the plot follows these characters separately....while the viewer is left to consider and wonder what, where, and when the dots will be connected. Both story lines are riveting....as each time the film cut from Craig's character to Mara's character (or vice versa), I found my mind still focused on the previous scene, wondering what was going to happen next.There are quite a few name stars in the film.....(Christopher Plummer, Robin Wright, Joely Richardson)...but the star is the film. I loved the camera work, the direction, the editing...the acting. "The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo" is just really, really good film making.There is one particular scene, when an extremely heinous character was figuratively hit with the Karma bus that I actually found myself giving a loud cheer right there in the movie theatre.For the younger crowd, with the short attention spans - you may find yourself having a difficult time getting into the film, as you may be used to multiple car chases and lots of action within the first few minutes of a film. I am going to plead with you to have a bit of patience and allow the story to unfold. When all is not revealed in the first 15 minutes, it is actually plain old good story telling. I know in these days of instant messaging and pop-ups - you may not be used to that....but do give it a chance. You won't be disappointed!
평점: 1	리뷰: "The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo" is a series of scenes of sadomasochistic torture. The most graphic scene depicts a large adult male violating a female who has the body of a pubescent girl. There are other, less graphic scenes where males are subject to sadomasochistic torture. There is a series of still photographs of women who have been subjected to sadomasochistic torture. Audience members who are attracted to that activity, or fantasies of it, will very much want to see this film. They will be rewarded by it. The film will inspire some to pursue the opportunity to violate women and girls. The filmmakers will profit from others' pain. A flimsy, utterly vanilla murder plot – a plot out of a C-grade episode of "Columbo" – is the excuse for the exploitation scenes. A girl named Harriet disappeared forty years ago from a rich family's private island in Sweden. If you're at all curious as to what happened to Harriet, do yourself a favor and perform a google search of the film's title plus the word "spoiler." You'll soon discover how vapid the plot is. The biggest mystery of the film is why all these people ostensibly living in Sweden speak English with variations on Scandinavian accents, accents that roll around unevenly between Helsinki and Vienna. Robin Wright's accent is best. Christopher Plummer's is worst. Daniel Craig doesn't even try (memories of his uneven Polish accent in "Defiance.") Harriet is being pursued by Daniel Craig, a reporter, and Lisbeth, the eponymous heroine. Lisbeth is strictly a male fantasy who could never exist in real life. She is less real than the blow-up doll Ryan Gosling fell in love with in "Lars and the Real Girl." Lisbeth has superhero powers on a computer, with weapons, on a motorcycle, and in international finance, but she is helpless when men attempt to assault her. Make the woman powerful and then violate and humiliate her: a classic motif of misogynist porn. Lisbeth has the body of a pubescent girl, and you get to see every inch of it. For the gentlemen's club crowd, Lisbeth does girl-on-girl action, but, in the end, her job is to make the male lead, and viewer, happy.As part of the film's pretentious overlay, there are lots of interior shots of Swedish furniture and exterior shots of snow. Chair. Snow. Wind. Torture. Lather. Rinse. Repeat. The film is boring. The attempts to create tension are pathetic and hackneyed. A character is alone in an archive at night. Suddenly a door is heard closing. OOOO boogedy boogedy! I'm really scared now! Evidence is pieced together and suddenly one realizes who the antagonist is. And the antagonist is creeping up upon the hero even at that very moment! Be still my heart. A killer talks for a really long time before dispatching the victim, thus potentially giving a rescuer a chance to arrive. Wow, I've never seen THAT done before! There is a completely pointless series of scenes tacked on at the end relating to high finance. So much for narrative tension and drive. Trent Reznor's score is endlessly irritating in its neediness: "Listen to me! Listen to me! Listen to me! I'm doing something really edgy here!" I kept thinking of Bernard Herrmann's amazing shower scene music from "Psycho," music that seemed to just be the natural sound that scene would make, music that was a seamless part of the terror. No such moments in "Tattoo." What else. Rich people are bad. Nazis are really, really bad. Rich Nazis are really, really, really bad. Fat people are worst of all. The Bible causes people to become serial killers who hate women. Interestingly, boring, pretentious torture porn, apparently, does not cause people to become serial killers who hate women. Every other Swedish home has an extensively equipped torture chamber – you missed that at IKEA, didn't you? Well, the stores ARE really big. Torture is such a popular national pastime in Sweden that you have to wonder how they make time to prepare their famous meatballs, never mind Volvos. Tourists traveling to Sweden must learn to say, "Don't tase me, Bro," in Swedish, and should never, ever drop the soap.
평점: 6	리뷰: Plain and simple, without Lisbeth Salander, the book would be on the bottom shelf next to the $.99 value bin at Wal-Mart. The writing is sloppy, sensationalist and the story largely predictable, on top of that at least 200 pages of fluff. Even Lisbeth Salander, an abused hacker, bike riding, 88 pound ass-kicking badass is the product of massive lonely male goth fantasy. One gets the feeling Larsson stole the heroine from Peter Høeg's Smilla's Sense of Snow and then punked her out. Agatha Christie has at least a dozen books better than these.So having read all the books years ago, the story itself really never did anything for me. It's really all about Salander. Fincher did a competent if procedural job. The main complaint here is he rushes through the flat pages of dialog with no pause or rhythm at all. Many scenes involve the actors simply going through motions reciting their memorized lines with few touches of humanity. Neither movie is more than a cheap Saturday scare and to sum it up, put the cast from the Swedish film in one directed by Fincher and you've got the real deal. The most telling contrast in both movies that show where they stand is in the scene where Salander and Blomkvist are lying in bed toward the end and the writer muses to his ass kicking hacker about what she has been through. In one movie, the scene is quiet and human and the other movie, it's simply filler to the next scene. I fault Steve Zaillian's simplistic screenplay more than anything else. The Swedish one wisely compresses and simplifies many of the novels blatant flaws, while the Gringo version keeps all the boring warts.Rooney Mara does a good, if robotic job playing Larsen's motorcycle driving Goth, hacker, sex pot, but I kept looking for the one and only Noomi Rapace at every turn. Hard act to follow. Either in writing or how she was directed, Mara's Salander plays more of a young girl in love with older man, than the distant cautious (and damaged) Salander of Rapace - which is rightly or wrongly, more in line with the book and frankly more realistic. i'm not taking anything away from Rooney Mara's work, she was brave and really good. I just prefer Noomi Rapace's interpretation.Also WTF? with the James Bond intro? Wrong movie Fincher...Is Daniel Craigvrequiring this in his contracts now?
평점: 1	리뷰: This movie was so slow and boring, only to be peppered with nothing but ridiculous scenes for shock value. I didn't find it suspenseful (as you could figure out the guilty person on your own pretty easily), I just found it desperate to shock.I'm so disappointed because I couldn't wait to see it.I'm not sure what the awesome actors were thinking when they agreed to do this movie. There really is an all-star cast.I heard someone snoring, others walked out, and a few teenage boys said they wished they'd walked out. Yes, folks, it was that bad.
평점: 10	리뷰: this movie was great i have see the Forgien Verison and now Rooney Mara was Perfect choice for the Role Lisbeth Salander this movie was very well done and the storyline well done and now made me want read the rest of the book ! this movie is not for Children ! they are some sexual things in beginning shows Lisbeth Salander Gets Rape is showing on Screen and there are some very brutal Violence scenes and the movie is overall Disturbing but great is not for everyone and is not for kids under age 17 even at That Age They Might still be Disturbing and shocking overall i say go see this movie great and Really Hope Rooney Mara Wins at Oscars and Golden Goble Awards and the Torture scene is Disturbing ! overall worth See At The Theaters !
평점: 8	리뷰: Although I've read all three of the books (structurally, they're really 3 installments of one big honking novel), I haven't seen the Swedish movies. Forget about the books. Forget about the other movies. On its own, this adaptation does manage to capture the general tone and resonance of the novels, and it does this with admirable brevity and to-the-bone editing. There is a bleakness in the novels that is nicely encapsulated by the exterior and interior backgrounds. Snow. The sterility of Martin Vanger's modern house on the hill. The cool patina of years on the old cottage's walls, furniture, and stonework. The camera dwells on Lizbeth Salander's inexpressive face and you can almost hear her complex gears spinning away. The lighting director in this film is a genius -- and so is the cinematographer -- emotions are relayed in light and shadow so well, and the camera angles nudge our tensions without being overt about it. It's not perfect, of course. No movie version of a well-plotted novel ever is. But it strives to do the story justice, and manages to accomplish its task.
평점: 9	리뷰: I went into this not having read the books (I actually own the trilogy though) or seen the Swedish films. This was me going as a HUGE fan of David Fincher, Daniel Craig, and as much as it pains me to say this, the scoring of Trent Reznor and Atticus Ross (which, by the way, there's a dude wearing a Nine Inch Nails shirt in the film. And we keep thinking Marilyn Manson's the one who sucks his own dick.) But I digress. Fincher is one of the people who made me want to get into film and pursue a career in it, which is still a work in progress. Fight Club is one of my three all-time favorites, and I'm also a huge fan of Se7en, The Curious Case of Benjamin Button, and The Social Network. The Girl With The Dragon Tattoo is none of those films.The film follows the intertwining fates of a journalist (Craig) and a social outcast (The Social Network's Rooney Mara) as they investigate a wealthy family's history in order to discover the whereabouts of a girl who went missing forty years prior. They soon discover they're in over their heads as their investigation brings them into a long history of violence against women. The film has all of the Fincher-film motifs: great dialogue, BEAUTIFUL cinematography (if not a bit creepy at times), and fantastic acting. Within the latter particularly, I found myself extremely impressed with Rooney Mara's performance, having only seen her in The Social Network and a VERY bland performance in the Nightmare on Elm Street remake. However in this, she pretty much stole the show in whichever scene she was in. But that is not what made the film for me. As I said earlier, I love the movie. But this film has possibly done something to me that no other film has: I feel very disgusting for loving it. I have never felt so uncomfortable during a film. Disturbed, yes. Quite often in fact. But this movie made me uncomfortable for watching, as if I was actually watching a rape being committed in front of me, with a group of people, and no one was calling the cops, as we were all dumfounded by the events transpiring in front of us. And make no mistake, this film is not for the faint of heart. SPOILER ALERT: The film depicts perhaps the most graphic and disturbing rape scene I have ever seen in a film, which makes me respect Mara even more for having been a part of it. Later in the film, while not as disturbing, there's also an extremely suspenseful scene edited back and forth between where Mara's character is to Craig's. I had to remind myself several times that this was not a horror film, even though many of the moments throughout suggested otherwise. So overall, I say I love the film, and if it was not for Fight Club, it would be my favorite Fincher film, including Se7en. But I cannot stress this enough, this movie is NOT for the faint of heart. I strongly recommend trying Se7en as well as any movie with a rape scene if you feel you might not be up to it, to at least test it out.
평점: 3	리뷰: The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo is pretty popular at our house. The trilogy has been read and all the three Scandinavian film versions have been watched. So it was with both anticipation and dread we watched the Hollywood version at the local cineplex yesterday. We walked away feeling puzzled as to why $100 million had been spent to make a movie that had already been brilliantly made only two years earlier. So tonight, we watched the Swedish version again for comparison which only re-enforced our opinions.The biggest problem with the new version is that it doesn't make a whole lot of sense. It was filmed in Sweden. Larsson was Swedish. Etc. Yet the Swedish elements that give the story coherence have gone AWOL in the latest incarnation. I guess this is not especially surprising considering that director Fincher wondered in a Swedish interview after filming in the north how anyone could live in such a climate. If someone is actually confused about THAT, not much else about Swedish society is going to make much sense—especially the complexities that allow that society to not merely survive but prosper.The biggest problem centers around the casting of Daniel Craig as journalist Mikael Blomqvist. Blomqvist is supposed to be a Swedish idealist working for a lefty Stockholm rag. In the Swedish version of the film, all the nuances of such a person fill every scene so well it sometimes provokes a laughter of recognition. Craig, on the other hand, seems utterly clueless about how to play such a character. The man makes a great James Bond—a Swedish intellectual, not so much.Because Craig doesn't get his character right, the whole relationship between Blomqvist and Lisbeth Salander never develops properly. This is a women who has a bunch of issues with men yet grows to trust and eventually love him. But instead of character development, we are left with the unspoken assumption of "what woman wouldn't have the hots for Daniel Craig?" While this is what makes Bond movies work, it is bizarrely out of place for this plot.And then there are the missing details that were included in the Scandinavian version. The nature of the Vanger family Fascism. The hints at why Salander is so screwed up. The role of computers in their search for the bad guy and a believable explanation for how things got done. The details of how people actually DO cope with the cold—old Henrik Vanger knows how and when to wear an expensive parka in the Swedish version.Of course, what is really missing from the Hollywood version is the politics of modern Sweden. Most people think of Sweden, if at all, as this lefty, sex-crazed, micro-society that was defined forever by the Social Democrats. What this picture misses is the role of the Swedish right wing. This may be the country of Gunnar Myrdal and Dag Hammarskjold, but it is also a country of wealthy industrialists with global connections and ambitions. The trilogy goes into extensive detail about this reality and this whole movie is about an industrialist with a bunch of Fascist siblings. Yet except for a few lines, this social tension barely makes an appearance in Fincher's telling. For example, in the Swedish version, we learn that one of the Vangers was killed fighting as a volunteer in Finland's Winter War with USSR. This detail explains volumes but it is missing in the Hollywood remake.Fincher makes a good movie but he cannot get over the contradictions of making a movie set in Sweden that has been stripped of all Swedishness. What remains is an adolescent action movie with a real James Bond in the lead role. So a $100 million was spent to make a new movie with roughly 15% of the intellectual content of a brilliantly made movie that is only two years old. I suppose it makes sense. If you are making a movie targeted at an audience that is too damn lazy to read subtitles, I suppose it is a good move to eliminate much of the intellectual content of the books and the original movie.Who knows—maybe this thing will make money. My guess is that in most markets—especially those where both versions must use subtitles anyway—the Swedish version will be far more popular because there is so much more movie. It has more details and that makes it more believable. In the end, that should count for something.
평점: 8	리뷰: I won't add any spoilers as this is too good a movie to spoil. So how do I review it? We'll give it a shot. This is primarily about the American film.First, if you have not read the book OR seen the original Swedish film, do not do either. We take it for granted that the book is always better than the film - and that is certainly true in this case. But if you read the book first it will spoil the film, so by all means read the book, but read it after you see the film; both films. The original Swedish film is outstanding in all respects.I have a great suggestion for the world of filmmaking: The next time you find yourself with such a stunning book to make into a film, get together the American and Foreign interests and make the films side-by-side. It would drastically reduce the overall costs and just as drastically shorten the production schedule. Then you release the finished films; the US version to the US and the other version to the rest of the world.First, the story is not for the feint hearted, it's brutal at times and portrays the seamier side of humanity very graphically. The story hit most of the important stuff so there's no shortage of material. The film runs three hours, but it doesn't seem like it. The pacing and energy in it is sufficient to keep your attention. That means the writing was very good too, as was the directing. The overall film struck me unmistakably as a modern film noir. The cinematography reflects great skill and is responsible for making the film even better. The camera had great scenery to chew up and it was given delicious sets and beautiful weather to set the mood. It won't disappoint.The actors chosen to work on this project were well cast and all were excellent in their portrayals. Daniel Craig gave the character believability and a sympathetic demeanor. The young woman chosen to portray Lisbeth Salander was Rooney Mara. Mara was excellent in a very demanding role. She had to subject herself to depictions of violent victimization of the worst kind and managed to make it feel very real. I think Ms. Rooney has a great future in film if someone can find her the right parts. This part was a perfect fit for it. She really makes the movie, but as the title character she should. My only complaint at all was that the sound people didn't quite manage to make all of her spoken dialog clear in spite of the accent she adopted. The accent and her manner of delivering it were quite remarkable.All in all it's an excellent film of this genre and I was glad to have seen it.By Bruce L. Jones http://webpages.charter.net/bruce.jones1/
평점: 7	리뷰: I must confess that I write this with just a bit of bias. I had already seen the original Swedish film and felt that it was one of the top ten films of the last year or so; therefore, the new version had quite a hill to climb were it to rate better (in my mind) than the earlier version.If I could forget having seen the earlier version, I would have come away from this film with the comment that it was a well done film but didn't really do justice to the book.Both Daniel Craig and Rooney Mara did very good jobs in handling their parts as written. However, with a deeper script in this version, they acted with much less nuance than did Michael Nyqvist and Noomi Rapace.The film began with a very dark, James Bondish, introduction which was really excellent. Throughout the film, the hand of the director, David Fincher, could be seen, working his magic on his vision of the book.This film varied from the book (as many films do) and from the earlier version - in most cases the changes added to the experience, although there were a couple of times the changes were a bit too far afield. I, personally, found the changed ending spoke more to how Fincher wanted the ending to be than did Stieg Larsson, the author.So, I guess the final tally is:1) If you read the book - This film, while not true to the book, is a very well done film that is well directed, well acted and generally well done.2) If you saw the original - This film doesn't reach the pinnacle that the earlier version did. It's still a good film; just not up to the standards of the original, especially in the acting department.
평점: 10	리뷰: I first read the book, "Girl With The Dragon Tattoo" a couple of years ago. I watched the movie,the original Swedish Version with English subtitles, shortly thereafter. I was mesmerized by Rapace's character portrayal of Lizbeth Salander. Once I read that there was going to be an American version I was rather circumspect once I found out that Rooney Mara was going to play the part. Now after watching the USA version of the movie last night I have to say that not only did Miss Mara live up to the role but she exceeded my expectations. Both versions were fantastic but I liked the USA version better. I can only hope that Ms. Mara will play the part again in the sequel. There were some parts of the movie that dragged a little bit in the beginning but all in all I loved it.
평점: 3	리뷰: For those of you who have been out of the loop re the Millennium series recently, it was announced as far back as January 2010 that Fincher would be attached to the American Dragon Tattoo film. This sparked a mixed reaction, from people who even love Fincher like there's no tomorrow. Well, it looks like people are still high off their wankery over The Social Network, another mediocre and spectacularly overrated movie. So it seems obvious the circle jerk would continue in the wake of the recent Dragon Tattoo adaptation.Problem is, there seems to be Two David Finchers. The one who made amazing movies Like Se7en, The Game, Fight Club, Panic Room and The Zodiac. Then there's the Fincher who gave us the horrid Benjamin Button, the overrated above mentioned Social Network, and now this.Thing is, I for one wasn't too opposed the idea of an English language adaptation. I mean, sure it wouldn't be as authentic as the original Swedish version, nor the book. But it could still work. Craig still had the face and Mara has very striking facial features. Reznor has a unique way of scoring a film, and Fincher has a great eye for a shot, hell, he practically made a whole career our of that kind of thing.Unfortunately, the movie is nowhere near as interesting as the Swedish movie. And here's why.The Swedish movie does a good job at staying close to the source material, however, it doesn't just mindlessly piggyback off of the source material- it perfectly balanced everything out. Those who haven't read the book would be able to follow it and find it entertaining. It took its time too- it had a nice, steady, easy going pace. It was 2.5 hours, but the movie was so interesting, it went by fast and you couldn't tell.The Yank version is pretty much an exact adaptation of the book, yes. Pretty much 98% of the book was in the movie. That's NOT a good thing; to me it came off as nothing more than desperate to please the fans. It was like Zallian said "Alright, we have to mindlessly piggyback the book. I'm super scared of pissing the fans off, and so let's not edit anything down. There is no such thing as 'What may work on page doesn't necessarily work on film.'". Except... there is.Let me explain why.Niels' film showed RESTRAINT and SUBTLETY, the two things this film lacked. It focused more on the characters than every single tiny little plot device of the book. This film felt rushed and blew its way through everything. For example, the opening scene. In Niels' film, it's very powerful. The way he looks at the plant then breaks down is simply... stunning. Here? We got a half assed phone call and a shot of the plant.The opening credits, however, are class. Pointless, overly flashy and a bit gimmicky? Yes, but class, and the images fit very nicely over the Immigrant Song. I loved the shout outs to the sequels too.Unfortunately it stops there, the writer Zallian is so obsessed with capturing every event that he senselessly skips over CHARACTER DETAILS!!!!! We get no hint to the fact that Lisbeth is possibly autistic. Instead we get a scenery chewing girl who we want to punch in the face every time we see her. The whole libel thing goes over our heads completely too.And that's just the beginning.Several of the scenes are over before they even begin. It's frustrating. The rape scene was underwhelming even. In the book it was a disturbing and powerful scene. Here it's just a "lol wut" moment.As for the acting. Noomi Rapace simply cannot be replaced. She played Lisbeth exactly how the books describe her. Tough as nails, arrogant, and dangerous to herself, but with an air of special childlike innocence. Mara? She confuses good acting for chewing the scenery. She always glares and says every line like someone asked her the square root of an insanely large number. Nyqvist not only played Blomkvist just like Larsson wrote him, but he also LOOKED like the book described. Here, Craig just seems to be stuck in his Bond phase. Nothing special whatsoever.Also, for parts 2 and 3, someone needs to hire a better dialect coach. I lost count of all the times they went from American to British to a Europeanoid accent. What a joke.I wish I could recommend this, but it's a big mess. Avoid if you haven't watched the Swedish and just watch that instead.Fincher, thou hast ruined Lisbeth Salander for me.
평점: 9	리뷰: The novel & the Swedish movie are not great by any standards (they are pretty damn good), but the "Girl", Lisbeth Salander & Noomi Rapace as Lisbeth are great anti-heroines.I'm not surprised that David Fincher made a better movie than the original. Fincher is at the top of his game here. "The Social Network", "The Curious Case of Benjamin Button" & "Se7en" are better movies because the source material is better.The shock here is Rooney Mara as Salander. Rapace was electric as Salander in all 3 movies made from the Millennium trilogy. Mara is slightly better. In either incarnation you cannot tear your eyes away from the screen when Salander appears, but there something about Mara's work that runs a bit deeper than Rapace's & I'll have to see this film again to get a better handle on that.Another shock is that this "Americanized" version is a harder "R" than the Euro version. This ain't a date movie.Of course Daniel Craig is perfect as Blomkvist. Christopher Plummer is perfect as Vanger. Stellan Stelsgard (sic) briefly channels Joe Doe in a key scene. Steven Zallian's is more true to the novel despite a non-important tweak of the ending.Trent Reznor & Atticus Ross's music is mesmerizing meriting a 2nd Oscar for them. Jeff Cronenweth's cinematography is worthy of the best of his late father's work. The opening title sequence is sick, twisted & brilliant with Karen O's ferocious singing charging it.The movie flags a bit in the last 15 minutes, but then ends with a bittersweet & deeply felt sigh.This is very rough stuff meant only for the serious film lover who make up all of Fincher's admirers.
평점: 4	리뷰: I was excited to see Finches version of this fine movie. I was extremely disappointed after watching it. The acting was good...but I must say the script treatment was not as sophisticated as the original. It seemed not as smooth as the original and a bit forced in some places to get the story to flow faster. It suffers from the same sickness as most Hollywood remakes of already good movies...the sacrifice details in favor of shock, but such is the stuff of McMovieland. Everything about the movie was acceptable and on par with the original EXCEPT for the script treatment. You remember Let the Right One In? Hollywood remade that one too and to me it sucked compared to the original. Both remakes lack the ability to emotionally connect me to the characters and their goals. A bit clinically and technically treated, as though someone was in a big hurry to capitalize on the Tattoo series' success. Shame on Hollywood.
평점: 5	리뷰: I came across an interesting review of the Swedish version of "The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo" here: http://4thdimensionfilms.wordpress.com/ The Swedish version is less annoying than the American version which unfortunately is formulaic. The review I read is spot on in reviewing character analysis and other artistic aspects. The American Dragon will undoubtedly appeal to newbies to the trilogy or those who don't like the pacing of foreign films. Still the Swedish original is usually the best place to start and the review that I suggest could get many more people interested in bothering to see the American version or even get people to take another look at European and other foreign films which are currently experiencing a renaissance. This will provide a good synopsis: http://4thdimensionfilms.wordpress.com/
평점: 8	리뷰: The real intrigue in Millennium Trilogy starts and ends with Lisbeth Salander. As with the books and the original Swedish movies, I can nit-pick the plots and the films to death like everyone else, but ultimately, the fact that we get to see another depiction of Salander should force most people from the fans right on down to the uninformed to see this film.To that end, I think Rooney Mara holds are own against Rapace's Salander. I initially found her style a bit too over-the-top as compared to the costume design in the Swedish film, but as the film churns and we see the Salander's army/goth exterior cast alongside her feminine sexuality Fincher does justice to the curious duality of the character. And bravo, Rooney Mara, I thought she was a bit too withdrawn in the first act of the movie, but much of that is plot driven and I really enjoyed the way this film draws more on her physical desires then the Swedish version, whether those desires are for Big Macs or orgasms.The film itself is good, not great. Apart from the opening credit fiasco that made me think of the worst modern day James Bond films and felt completely disjointed from the tone of the film, I can't find too much to criticize Fincher for. His depiction of the cold Swedish countryside, the little things like the wind in Martin's home and the rough cabin feel were all pluses. The cat's role was a nice warm up and cut down the audience moment. Reznor's score is enthralling, its one of those scores where you acknowledge its power during the movie, it doesn't blend into the background, it comes at you in waves and you feel it hitting you in the face at the right times.Criticisms include the editing back and forth between Salander and Blomquist's story lines throughout the first 40 minutes of the film. I liked the idea of trying to keep the viewer constantly linked to both characters, but we were literally jumping back and forth in 30 second intervals, it felt too cut up for my liking. Daniel Craig is a good actor, I like him and I don't know another big name actor that I'd have preferred in this role, but I agree with others who lean with the original Swedish actor (name escapes me) for the roll. Craig masters the suave and broken characters in his Bond films and Layer Cake very well, but there is a certain aesthetic missing from his portrayal of Blomquist.Lastly, I had such high expectations for Fincher's portrayal of the dark, murderous, violent aspects to the film that I felt the final act and the run up to the whodunnit resolution to be somewhat sanitized.All that said, I still give it high marks and recommend it for newbies as well as fans of the Millennium Series.
평점: 9	리뷰: After reading all the books, and seeing all the original movies, I was worried that this movie would be disappointing. It Is Not. Filmography Outstanding. Location Gorgeous. The opening credits are such a wild ride they could win an Oscar on their own. Acting was superb. Mara, Penn, Plummer, terrific. We all know how much I love Daniel Craig, he was made for this role, not only is he sexy and talented, he plays the best torture victim (remember Casino Royale? Ouch!). The movie left me looking forward to the next installment.Nothing more to say. But this form is telling me there are not enough lines. I don't care for this restriction. I don't know why IMDb puts it in.
평점: 6	리뷰: The Swedish version was much more well-written, orchestrated, and directed. There was a sense of suspense, emotion, and realism to the movie that the Fincher version simply lacks. Lisbeth's past is seldom explored, and when it is, it's poorly placed in the movie. The emotional connection between Mikael and Lisbeth is 'forced' at best, and quite awkward at certain moments. There are so many interesting facets about Lisbeth's personality and character that could've been explored a lot better, and you simply don't leave the theatre with the same sense of 'wow' that defined the Swedish version. The more positive thing about Fincher's version though, is Rooney Mara, who played Salander nicely.
평점: 1	리뷰: Fincher's TGWTDT is a two and a half hour advertisement for tobacco - specifically, Marlboro brand cigarettes, the only brand smoked in the film. There is also propagandistic messaging in the movie: two scenes that ridicule those who protest indoor smoking, a main character that easily quits tobacco after using it to help him in his work, an old age smoker who smokes joyfully with no apparent health effects, and, of course, the glamor of it all. We all know there is product placement in movies, but the level of propaganda is under the radar to most people. It's a conspiracy pure and simple, but few people care about it or understand it.
평점: 8	리뷰: Personally, I haven't seen the other versions of this movie or read the book. So I can only discuss this movie on it's own merits. The plot has deliberate pacing in developing and at times struggles to keep one's interest. Most of the characters personalities was developed as the movie progresses. The plot resolution becomes something of a back story for me once Lisabeth and Mikael finally meet. I was captivated by Rooney Mara's "Lisabeth". Rooney Mara was fearless in her portrayal of this antisocial, unpredictable, emotionally damaged and extremely intelligent young woman.On reflection, Craig's Mikael Bromkvist was the most disappointingly drawn character in the movie. Mikael telegraphs the ending after Lisabeth saves his life. She saved him from a horrendous death yet he was blasé about it almost tone deaf. I don't remember him even thanking her. Then she turns around and gives him what he wanted to accomplish in his book. Again the blasé response from him. The ending brings into question his sense of reality and the value of his own life. He blunders through his life with little concern for consequence. The character Mikael has no vision which might explain the meandering plot in the beginning. I'm not blaming Craig. He made the character quite believable.I certainly recommend the movie to adults. There are some hard, unforgiving scenes in this movie. The viewer will feel violated while watching the rape scene. Meaning, it was perfectly shot. Not for the faint of heart and certainly not for children. My favorite part of the movie is Rooney Mara's performance alone.
평점: 5	리뷰: If I knew what I know now before I saw this movie, I probably would have waited until it came out on video and here's why...... I found much of the dialog hard to understand. Many times I found myself asking my girlfriend "what did he (or she) say?" I don't know if it was due to the theaters speaker system or if it was the quality of the sound recording but much of what I heard was not much more than a mumble. It would have helped if the actors could have spoken a little slower and/or clearer. With that being the case, I missed a lot of some key parts of the movie, thus losing track of what was happening. The other thing that affected my understanding of the movie was the fact that there were too many people/relatives to keep track of......who they were and how they were connected to the plot. In my opinion, this is the type of movie that requires seeing it two or three times to get a good understanding of what is actually happening. At least if you rent the movie, you can always rewind it and play it back if you didn't understand what the person was saying.
평점: 9	리뷰: The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo didn't disappoint me.I felt it on par with original Swedish version.Rooney Mara was fantastic but not better than Noomi Rapace.Trent Reznor and Atticus Ross should never stop making the scores for Fincher, it was superb.However, is it necessary to remake a great movie and do it on the same level? Why not blow it outta the water?At least it wasn't a failed attempt. I may seem harsh, but I actually liked it quite a lot.4/5
평점: 8	리뷰: Be prepared to have your annual "movies are never as good as the books" conversation with family and friends, because Stieg Larsson's worldwide best-seller "The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo" has come to theaters (this time without subtitles).Wanting to honor the beloved source material, Sony placed this American version in the hands of serial killer mystery expert David Fincher ("Se7en," "Zodiac") and Oscar-winning writer Steve Zaillian ("Schindler's List"). The move pays off, because "Dragon Tattoo" is about as good as it possibly could be given the challenges of the adaptation.The multi-faceted story deals primarily with Mikael Blomqvist (Daniel Craig), a journalist being sued for libel who temporarily steps down as his magazine's editor and quietly accepts an offer from a retired businessman named Henrik Vanger (Christopher Plummer). Under the guise of writing Vanger's memoir, he is to investigate the unsolved mystery of Vanger's missing/presumed dead niece, Harriet, a case over 40 years old. In need of help, he comes across Lisbeth Salander (Rooney Mara), a strange young woman with expert hacking skills who passionately takes up the job due to her own troubled past.Much like its Swedish predecessor, this adaptation strives to pack the bulk of the novel into a "reasonable" runtime without boring its audience to death. Zaillian compresses the hundreds of complex details of the cold case at the film's epicenter into easily digested chunks, yet merely having to do so always produces no better than satisfactory results. Oddly enough, saying the script doesn't derail the film or damage the story and its characters is the highest of compliments one can pay it in this case, and that's what it does.But it's Fincher who elevates this film, with no offense intended toward Niels Arden Oplev, director of the 2009 effort. Fincher is a master of his craft, and that means a considerable amount when dealing with a film so densely filled with plot points that other elements (like character development) can get lost.Although no adaptation of this novel could possibly convey the lengthy passage of time and the obsessive nature of Blomqvist's search for the truth, Fincher provides an abundance of tone, especially in reflecting the frigid temperatures of northern Sweden. He and his "The Social Network" and "Fight Club" cinematographer Jeff Cronenweth make it so every golden ray of sunlight on the desolate island feels as warm as it looks. Only directly blasting cold air on you from the back of your seat a la a "4D" theme park attraction would be more effective.The film's editing job is also top notch, overlapping audio and video to smooth over the exorbitant location transitions and maximize suspense in the scenes that cut back and forth between Lisbeth and Blomqvist. In fact, the movie finds its best groove in these scenes.Also crucial to depicting the book are the issues of graphic content, namely violence and sadism. After all, the translation of the original Swedish title is "Men Who Hate Women." Fincher embraces the book's sexual and disturbing nature as evidenced most basically in the marketing campaign. He also doesn't shy away in the film's most difficult scenes, giving them the brutal and sordid edge they require to honor the message of Larsson's novel. Although it feels wrong to call them tastefully done given the subject matter, it's true.Mara's performance mirrors Fincher's vision in many ways. There's no expectation of pity for Lisbeth, yet neither is she a hollow shell who completely bottles up her feelings. She bares it all in this film in every sense, giving herself to the performance. Rather than ham it up a notch to get some Oscar attention, she sticks with her interpretation of the character and makes for a rather unforgettable Lisbeth Salander.Craig is also a perfect Blomqvist, though his character lacked something distinctive, perhaps due to the script not giving him many moldable moments. A similar fate befalls many of the characters, which just emphasizes the need for Fincher's work and the talent of his actors all the more. Stellan Skarsgård as Martin Vanger, the current CEO of the Vanger Corporation, does perhaps the best job of utilizing his screen time to create a compelling character."The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo" is a busy movie, and understandably so. Larsson's story deserves its integrity preserved the way it was in this version (only minor omissions and one major change), even at the cost of something that could have been more emotional and moving. Putting the book down and looking at this as a mystery/thriller, it's a consummate offering for the genre. Those unfamiliar with its source material will find it a bit slow at points and not as clean as a thriller written directly for the screen, but will still enjoy the payoff thanks to the professionalism of Fincher and Zaillian.A book and two movies later, rather than saying "the book is better," it should be said that "The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo" thrives the most in its original novel form. Some books lend themselves to film better than others — this isn't one of them. Given this movie took it out of its ideal state, its a good thing it turned out how it did.~Steven CVisit my site! moviemusereviews.com
평점: 1	리뷰: (Spoiler alerts throughout) This film appears to offer a story of consequences and revenge; at least that is how it first appears. What it really offers is a platform for relentless gender assaults against men. (Spoiler Alert)For instance: after experiencing sexual molestation, the girl with dragon tattoo then visits the molester's home and when that turns out to be a mistake, returns a third time to affect revenge and to brutalize the molester. Does she see that justice is done? No. What she does is return to torture the man and release him right back out into the world where he can continue his behavior where she can then continue to brutalize him. The first time made him a villain and a fiend. I get that. The second time makes HER stupid and reckless while the third, premeditated visit, makes her a villain as big a villain as him.A short time later she comes onto Daniel Craig's character and then literally jumps on top of him against his wishes. No means no. Right? Not if your the girl with dragon tattoo. That's a double standard folks. Be smarter than this movie. Through the course of the story there were no men who were not emasculated or vilified. Frankly, I was horrified, as much by the gleeful reactions of some viewers as I was by the piteous actions of the story's unlikely protagonist.A far as the actual story telling. It was uninspired, milling back and forth between TGWTDT looking at her lap top and DC staring at photos. The problem is, who really knows what they were looking at and seeing. It was just boring. I know, you will say it was clearer in the book. But you know what? I didn't drop $10 to watch the book. I dropped the cash to see the film. I wish I didn't. I hope you don't either. If given the choice, watch Sharktopus instead. At least you will not be surprised by the quality.
평점: 10	리뷰: A true masterpiece.....was starting to lose faith in the American movie industry...until i saw this tonight leaving the theaters at 1am...completely blown away...so many say the "swedish" version is better....i've never seen that version...and don't intend too...i plan to read the novels...it is a very dark film and showed me everything i wanted to see. quite beautiful in my eyes really.. the actors were superb...camera angles...everything...i found no flaw in this movie...sure..i've only taken a film class in college...but i consider myself to be of higher movie critique in the average joe community...Go see it...
평점: 8	리뷰: Having read both the books and watched the Swedish version of the film, I did not have high hopes for the remade American version. I was concerned about how a big-budget, Hollywood style movie might take away from the rawness of the story. Turns out I had nothing to worry about.This American version is actually much more true to the book than is the Swedish version. The only major change from the book was that Blomkvist did not have sex with every single female character that showed up in the story (thankfully, the Swedish version left this out, too, because it was just ridiculous). Besides this, it incorporated many aspects of the book that were left out in the Swedish film. The result is a very long film, which may start to drag on for people who have never read the books, but which is certainly enough to satisfy fans. Despite being a somewhat flashier, higher-budget version, this version of the movie does a good job of incorporating a lot of the rawness of the story. There are plenty of horrifying, cringe-worthy scenes that are not censored anymore than the Swedish version (in fact, it almost seems as though Fincher was trying to be even more shocking).The acting and casting was superb. Daniel Craig is a perfect choice for Blomkvist; despite his previous macho hero roles, he does a great job in bringing out the vulnerability of his character. He is a relatively mild-mannered man who finds himself caught up in some dangerous situations. Although I don't feel like anyone can ever do any better than Noomi Rapace as Salander in the original movies, Rooney Mara certainly came very close with a much different style. Mara brings out a little more of the emotionality of Salander but still well mixed with the blank mask of a traumatized girl. The chemistry between Blomkvist and Salander is very well done in this movie - there is a certain warmth between Daniel Craig and Rooney Mara that was lacking in the Swedish version. Other notable performances include Christopher Plummer as Henrik Vanger (who borders on amusing when he talks about his family squabbles), Stellan Skarsgard as Martin Vanger, and Steven Berkoff as Frode.I did have a few minor issues with the movie. The accents were pretty poorly done. It felt as though the directors and the actors couldn't decide whether they wanted the characters to have accents or not. Some characters had part-time accents and others seemed to have no accent at all (Daniel Craig, in particular). I wouldn't really mind if none of the actors had Swedish accents since this is an English-language film but there is definitely a need to be consistent. Unlike other reviewers, I was not at all a fan of the soundtrack. Most of it hardly sounded like music to me - sort of just techno sounds half the time. The worst was the opening credits with really bizarre Gothic art and a song that just seemed very at odds with the rest of the movie.
평점: 9	리뷰: ...or you'll get lost as to what is being investigated in such great detail in a 40 year old missing?/murdered? person who done it case.Didn't read the books but it did remind me of a really good Agatha Christie novel I used to read back in the late '70's in high school except without the sadistic torture and provocative sex scenes.You'll appreciate the dark, cold and cozy ambiance of the entire movie that gets you to want to curl up in a warm bed with a hot toddy to read the very great mystery novel you're now watching as the movie unfolds to get you to focus on every character's quirky behaviors as a means of finding out who done it. Pay attention to the sidetrack hacking shenanigans presented as a clever way of getting back at someone through their bank account. Pay attention! It's really cool how it's done!This movie also has that sophisticated European foreign film feel that's so unlike the pacing of American movies. I kept asking is this what it's like in Sweden? Geez! Their welfare system really sucks as well. You'll see what I mean.This movie DOES take you to an alternate unsettling world of daily dysfunctional and abusive family life in another country with a history dealing with its own serial killer who's never been found for 40 years.I'ld have to say without a doubt Rooney Mara's performance is on line with Batman's Heath Ledger's "Joker" in the way they completely and totally become another person never seen before but is made to look quite real and unsettling. They both out do Brando and Dean in this respect. It's fascinating to watch an actor go that deep into a character with such realism. Don't know how they do it. Just watching that is worth the price of a movie ticket on top of the surprise ending to the who done it mystery.
평점: 2	리뷰: How many people have seen a movie and then gone to read the book after? Strange, isn't it? After reading this book you don't have a wish to see the movie. Why? Because a book is great, better than any movie under that name(it doesn't matter if it is Swedish or Hollywood version). It is one of greatest action/thriller novels ever written and one movie can spoil all what you've seen in your imagination while reading that book. Movie may disappoint you in many ways if you compare characters from the book and those how David Fincher described them. It's not the same. I don't want to tell you anything about the book..., but you have to read it!
평점: 10	리뷰: I went to see this film today and just knew that I was going to be disappointed. I've seen the original at least five times...in both languages. To my delight and surprise each film is better than the other. Where one version lags the other takes over...they should be seen as companion pieces.The acting is superb in every character! The scripting has some new twists and turns.When the academy awards take place this 2012:Best PictureBest ActressBest Soundtrack (I didn't hear a note, that means that I was had)
평점: 6	리뷰: David Fincher in recent years has grown to become one of America's best known directors working today. He has an interesting, oftentimes dark visual style that he features, and usually he has an interesting story to tell. Unfortunately, in this film, the story is just not interesting enough. It's kind of a typical murder mystery film, with some twists and turns, and an ending that really isn't too shocking. What raises this up from being completely mediocre is Rooney Mara's performance as the title character. Otherwise, this story here doesn't have enough weight or originality to stand out over other pretty good mystery films.Mikael Blomkvist (Daniel Craig) is a journalist who's fallen out of favor after possible slanderous reporting. He is called upon by Henrik Vanger (Christopher Plummer), the ex- CEO of a company, to solve the mystery of his missing and presumed dead niece who disappeared 40 years ago. He ends up being partnered with an anti-social computer hacker, Lisbeth (Rooney Mara), who uses her skill and research to help solve the case. Mikael and Lisbeth ("The girl with the dragon tattoo") don't meet up until halfway through the film, and the first half features them each working separately. All the scenes in the first half of the film focusing on Lisbeth are very interesting. While Mikael gets immediately thrown into the main story, Lisbeth is given almost a character study (that furthers along the plot) for the first half of the film. Rooney Mara is really great here, giving the character layers, with such understated acting. The character is emotionally disturbed and apparently "crazy" but any trait is hidden beneath this straight and unflinching face. Daniel Craig's character, on the other hand, is not nearly as interesting, and for some reason, he mumbles here a lot, so he's also hard to understand at times. The mystery he's trying to solve is interesting conceptually, but visually it's often hard to convey excitement when he's sitting alone reading up on research.When the characters finally meet, about 75 minutes into this 160 minute behemoth, the mystery story gels a bit more, mainly because Daniel Craig finally has someone interesting to interact with. Where the film is lacking is largely in the story. The revelation at the end as to the connections of murders, and potential villains aren't that interesting. The resolution of the film must take darned near 30 minutes, and the main thing I took away from the film, was what a great performance Ms. Mara gave, and what an interesting character she played. The plot is by-the-numbers mystery, and the film does at times drag. David Fincher's direction is alright, but he doesn't make researching the murder much more than mundane. He throws in a few disorienting movements of the camera's placement, but other than that, this doesn't feel like a really great David Fincher directed film. It feels more like an O.K. mystery thriller, that has a great performance, some tense moments, and overall just kind of slips out of one's memory after a while. This film isn't bad by any means, it just doesn't have enough going for it to make it anything more than somewhat generic, other than the character of Lisbeth. It is overlong, though not bloated, and really not a lot could have been cut out without either cutting the story, or getting rid of good character scenes. The mystery is sort of interesting, but not nearly engaging enough. The final scene in the film was very good however, and mixed character development with a sort of sadness, giving the film a bittersweet feeling. The title character basically saves this film, and rises it above mediocrity, though not quite enough above.My rating: ** 1/2 out of ****. 160 mins. R for violence, sexuality and brief nudity.
평점: 8	리뷰: Having never read the book I went to see The Girl With The Dragon Tattoo without any preconceived ideas about the characters or how the story unfolds. I therefore realise that this film may not live up to expectations of the book fans but in terms of a piece of cinema this is definitely as good as Fincher's previous work. For those who have not read the book, the story portrays disgraced journalist Mikael Blomkvist (Daniel Craig) who is asked by ageing patriarch Henrik Vanger (Christopher Plummer) to investigate the murder of his favourite niece, Harriet. The titular character, Lisbeth Salander, (Rooney Mara) is originally hired to do a background check on Blomkvist but is eventually drawn into his intricate and dark investigation. As usual Fincher makes, what he can, fast-paced and thrilling but does find time for the heartfelt among the cut-throat action. Although the film is quite long it does not feel at all dragged out and overly long. Mara is absolutely fantastic as Lisbeth Salander and gives a delicate and vulnerable aspect to the otherwise hardened and vicious girl. Daniel Craig shows off his already established talent as Mikael and Plummer, with his limited screen time, takes centre stage and steals the spot light from his colleagues. The rest of the cast do well but most of the plaudits deserve to go to Mara. If you can stomach this fast-paced, gritty, dark and disturbing tale I urge you to go and see it not only because of Fincher's fantastic direction or Mara show-stopping performance but for the riveting and irregular ride you are in for.
평점: 10	리뷰: I really liked this movie, had no idea what the story line was or anything about the movie other than my wife read the books. I think the job Rooney Mara did was amazing. I want them to develop more movies based on Lisbeth - was a great performance. Daniel Craig was as good as he has been in the other movies I have seen him in. Story line had me dying to find out what was going to happen next. The rape scenes were about as haunting a scene as I have seen in some time. Lisbeth was determined, tech savvy, strong, resourceful, but very human and didn't fall into the "superhero/unstoppable special agent category. The 158 minutes went by quickly and I am dying to see more of the story unfold. I hope they develop the next two books and more.
평점: 4	리뷰: If you are going to watch The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo film, watch the Swedish version that came out in 2009. The Swedish version is much better, with a good plot development and character development. If you go for the U.S. version expect to be bombarded by Coca-Cola and McDonald product placement. It's pathetic that U.S. audiences have to endure all this advertising. The U.S. version also seemed to add all the very violent and sexually-exploitive scene without developing the plot. The Swedish version has better suspense. Also the U.S. version did a horrible job of developing the story of Harriet. In the end I can't believe I paid money to see this movie again, as the U.S. version was truly of lesser quality than the Swedish version. Also the U.S. version was a bit less gory and sexually explicit.
평점: 4	리뷰: I just saw the movie yesterday. I was hoping not to be disappointed after seeing all of the posters & teasers & trailers...and I wasn't. Having read all three books, my first glimpse of Rooney Mara as Salander led me to think "OH! She looks just like I imagined her too look!!!" It's like she jumped off of the pages of the book! Thank you David Fincher and everyone else involved for painting this movie so brilliantly and for casting it the way you did. INCREDIBLE! Daniel Craig, too is a perfect Blomquist (far more attractive than I imagined him to be! Thanks! Bonus+++). Whatever creative karma you all (people making the sequel) have going on PLEASE keep it up for the next 2 movies. I think it's a great film and a great story and a great tribute to a writer that died way too soon. BRAVO!!!!!!!!!!
평점: 8	리뷰: Finally got a movie I could sink my teeth into, "The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo." One of the things I liked best was its length, which, like a book you find yourself drawn into, you feel delighted and look forward to spending some time with these characters and this story. The plot developed the leads separately, brought them together and then gave them time to interact and time to give a satisfying conclusion so we find out what finally became of the missing girl. So I was happy to sit and participate and see what would happen, like a satisfying mystery or spy story. And Rooney Mara is very hot as the female lead, showing her sexuality in a very natural and appealing way, at least for me. Not at all in a smutty way, even though the temptation must have been there. She plays a self-imposed outcast, not a misanthrope.And as for Daniel Craig, I disagree with Roger Ebert, that he comes across with the same confidence he showed as James Bond. In fact, like 'The Descendants,' where George Clooney allows the older daughter character to, at times, overshadow his character so that he really does come across as the clueless, feckless father, Craig also doesn't seem to demand the audience's attention be focused on him. Nor is he a particularly strong character – he never fights anyone; it is Dragon Girl who gets the chance to do damage to the villains. In fact, Craig's best qualities are the humanity and sense of character he brings to a role, without any melodramatics, exaggeration or heroics. He just allows us to sympathize with his character, as he did in 'Defiance.' So, overall, I was drawn to these characters and plot line – a satisfying film experience – 3 ½ stars of 4, an 8 stars out of 10.
평점: 3	리뷰: David Fincher. 30-second spots strung together for 2 1/2 hours. As much as I love a beautiful scene, a quick, clever edit and Trent Reznor's edgy sounds all separate from each other, these elements together are not the way to tell this story – a complex one at that. Because today's youth, and by extension their parents, are so enamored with anything that is "quick," it has to be revered as a work of genius?Fast-cut MTV-style editing, like fast talking, does not make something good. Just because you, audience, could not follow entire sections of the plot doesn't make you dumb. It makes the director dumb.I give it a "3" for raw techniques, music, albeit totally misplaced and gratuitous. And a good performance by Rooney Mara.
평점: 10	리뷰: Let me start off by saying that I went into this movie knowing next to nothing about its plot. I have never even picked up the book, and I never watched the Swedish version of the film, despite hearing enormous praise for both. With that being said, I was blown away with this movie. First and foremost, whether you like him or not, David Fincher makes good movies. You'd be hard-pressed to find a director that is more meticulous and intricate than he is. In the first hour of this movie, Fincher's extreme attention to detail is almost overwhelming. Not having any background knowledge of the story, I found myself struggling to keep up. I was lost with the story, I was confused about who these characters were, and to put it bluntly I felt totally in the dark. But the story reached its climax and Fincher shed light on it all. The story came together, I understood the nature of the characters, and I was impressed. All of a sudden, a story that I knew nothing about, made sense to me and I loved it. After the plot's unravelling I was totally glued and did not want the film to end. This isn't like most movies. Yeah, it's a murder mystery. Yes, it's a psychological thriller. And of course, it is ridden with gratuitous violence and sex. But it is also a love story. I went home and immediately watched the Swedish version, and I didn't feel the passion that I felt from Fincher's. It's true, Mara is not as "strong" or aggressive as Rapace, but that's what I loved. She's vulnerable. It was a remarkable performance on her part to capture the cold and ruthless side of Lizbeth, but at the same time expose the soft side as well. I think Mara has turned in the best female acting performance of the year, and I hope she receives the credit she deserves.I hope they complete the series because I'm riveted. I went again to only further appreciate the film's intricacies, and I can say that I'm hooked. This movie is well-acted, well-produced, and phenomenally executed. You will not be disappointed.
평점: 8	리뷰: After the announcement that The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo was getting an English-language film treatment, I decided that the hype had built up to a point where I just had to read the source material for myself. Though it is not without flaws, Dragon Tattoo is an excellent story with the important mission of raising awareness concerning violence against women. Mere days after finishing the book I watched the Swedish film. The hype train had me excited for an outstanding thriller. The hype train let me down.I was left cold and somewhat irritated by the Swedish adaptation. A ton of important plot elements were left out, some were inexplicably added (Blomkvist's memories of the island became far too important and contrived), and Rapace felt all wrong as Lisbeth. She was brilliant and violent, but lacked the quiet pensiveness of the original character. She did not come off as autistic and emotionally disturbed, just bratty and rude. Worst of all, I was constantly confused by the extremely rushed, strange new take on the story. As a lover of foreign films, I normally grind my teeth when I hear that America is developing a remake. However, I found myself desperate for this one. I needed a movie that actually gave me the experience of reading the book for the first time, that made me care for Lisbeth and that truly disturbed me. Thankfully, the American adaptation (not a remake) delivered exactly what I was looking for. Those who say this version is unnecessary or a rehash must have seen a very different Swedish Girl with the Dragon Tattoo than I saw. The American take is jam-packed with scenes that were either skimmed or completely left out of the Swedish version. Yet, despite being more robust, the English- language Dragon Tattoo is incredibly paced, feeling less rushed yet hitting all the important plot points. The characters have time to develop and grow on you, the clue-finding makes more sense, and the killer is more horrifying. Screenwriter Zaillian knows exactly what to leave out and what to change (though the ending, which mirrors the book's ending, could have been arranged better). Craig, Mara, and even Plummer are spot-on in their roles and feel more fleshed-out as characters. Mara, in particular, inhabits Larsson's Lisbeth in a way Rapace did not. She captures Lisbeth's silent, borderline-autistic nature perfectly. Her fragile body and alien appearance even match the book's description. She allows herself to be vulnerable, but clearly regrets it over time. It's a captivating performance.If someone were to ask me, personally, which version to see, I would have to say without hesitation that this is the rare occasion where the American adaptation is superior. I did not think it was possible to stay so true to the story under three hours.
평점: 10	리뷰: I have seen the Swedish films, yet not read the books. The US version is not a remake of the Swedish version; it is simply another adaptation of the novel. I must say I was very impressed with the pacing and over-all style and raw feeling of the US version of The Girl With the Dragon Tattoo. The story, whether from the books, Swedish version or US version is quite a dark and winding journey. If you have not read the books or watched the Swedish versions I recommend now starting with the US version of the film. This US version will be the first of the trilogy; The Girl With the Dragon Tattoo, The Girl who played with Fire, and The Girl Who Kicked the Hornets Nest.The opening credit sequence, as I'm sure many of you have heard is quite amazing. I loved it and all the work they put into it. It was very Bond like yet encompassed the dark complexities of this story and the film. This film is much more speedy than the Swedish versions. I found the Swedish films to be a little slow at times, which yes builds tension however the pacing of the US version is much more my speed. Very fast and smart.It is a murder mystery film, however it is also about the two main characters and their interactions and working together to solve a murder, or series of murders. I do not want to give anything away as the story and how it unfolds is what makes the movie run so well. Clocking in at 2 hours and 40 minutes, the US version is quite long. However it is a movie which you rather it not end due to the entertaining characters and the intense visual situations which you wish to look away from, but you can't.When it comes to the characters, I found that Rooney Mara played a much better Lisbeth than Noomi Rapace. And the interactions with Mikael Blomkvist (Daniel Craig) were great and at times quite funny. The two of them working together when they seem to be opposites was very entertaining and Daniel and Rooney pulled it off perfectly. As a huge fan of the new Bond reboots I have grown to love Daniel Craig and enjoy seeing him on the screen. He is a very talented actor and seems to give the audience what they want. Stellan Skarsgård, Christopher Plummer and Robin Wright also did a great job, as well as the other cast members. Each character was very carefully cast and bond perfectly to the heart of this film.The story, the acting, the directing; everything was perfect and I must say that director David Fincher is at the top of his game. For those who do not know, he directed Fight Club, Se7en, The Game, Zodiac, The Social Network, Alien 3, The Curious Case of Benjamin Button, and Panic Room. The music, the ambiance, and the over-all dark feel to the film was so well done I couldn't believe it. I could not have asked for a better-crafted film. I am quite anxious to see the rest of the trilogy.
평점: 1	리뷰: This was the movie that has been shoved in our faces as the next big thing for all this time?? I am always a little suspicious when something has to be sold so hard as a work of genius and in this case my suspicions were well founded.It cannot be denied that the leading lady gives a very fine performance but its wasted in this movie.There were times when I was appalled and repulsed, which I'm sure was the writers intent but it was pointless as I was never *involved*.I didn't care what happened next. There were times when I just wanted the movie to stop. At the end I just felt that I'd wasted my time watching this. Apparently the film's box office means that the sequels might not be made. Good. Let's hope it frees RM to do something more worthy of her talents than this rubbish.
평점: 9	리뷰: If, like me, you've read the books and seen the Swedish adaptations you're probably itching to see what Daniel Craig, Rooney Mara and director David Fincher have got to offer. You won't be disappointed.Set in Sweden, the story follows journalist Mikael Blomkvist (Craig) and his 'research assistant' Lisbeth Salander (Mara) as they attempt to solve an old murder case and, in the process, uncover some pretty dirty family secrets.Despite the epic running time (over 2.5hrs) this is a master-class in cinematic tension and it's even worse if you know what's coming – I spent most of the film poised to cover my eyes for the Bjurman/Salander scenes.Mara is outstanding as Salander. Her natural prettiness is just about disguised (all those piercings are real) and although she plays a more self-assured version of Salander, her social awkwardness still feels authentic.My only rant is over the accents. Craig doesn't even attempt a Swedish accent but everyone else is giving it a go. In every other way he has 'de-Bonded', but that accent Plus they've changed the ending, but I probably shouldn't tell you any more about that.@any_noise
평점: 7	리뷰: *****MAY CONTAIN A SPOILER OR TWO******I was watching this movie on a Christmas night. I had a long day and I wanted to relax and enjoy a movie with a large crowd. I do not know if I can say that I enjoyed this, per say. It was entertaining when they got to the mystery of the girl. But, I did not care much about the back story of the Girl with the Dragon tattoo. Don't get me wrong, Rooney Mara could not have been better, but I just did not like her character. I am one of those people who have not read the book, so I can not base it on how it was compared to the book. However, I can still judge the movie as it is, without comparing it to the book. It was a lot longer than it needed to be. There was about an extra 20 minutes of footage after the mystery that was solved, as it felt like it was trying to be longer than it needed to be. Daniel Craig was good as the Swedish mystery solver. I did not care much for his accent, though. It seemed as if it was going between a British and Swedish accent. Or, as I call it, a Switish accent. Rooney Mara, as I said, was brutally good in this. But there was something else brutal in this movie, that I thought was really unnecessary-The sex scenes. Rooney Mara is forced to have sexual relations in order to get money. One time she is tied down on a bed, while getting raped. Full nudity included. That scenes especially was so graph that I could not stand to watch it. It was so explicit that it basically seemed like porn. You see the man licking her behind, sticking his nose into her buttocks. I usually do read the parental guidance before going to see this movie, but I made the mistake of not. I did read, however, that the nudity was graphic, but I did not know that it was this graphic. This was NC-17 material. The scene felt like went on forever. Way longer than needed. I do not think that this is David Fincher's best in my opinion. I thought both the Social Network and Zodiac were far more better and entertaining. I thought this movie had potential but fell a little flat. I do not know whether I would have felt this way if I read the book or not, but I did not. So this was my end result coming out of the movie.
평점: 8	리뷰: I read Stieg Larsson's entire Millennium Trilogy, and I recommend that people read the books before setting foot in a theater.Of course, movies never live up to books, and the way the reader imagines characters, scenes, plot development, storytelling tension, etc.As a standalone film, this film is OK, but I feel sorry for anyone who is not familiar with the trilogy and all of its story lines and intricacies. I don't know how anyone who has not read the books could possibly follow the plot line, or see the complexities of each character and their relationships to each other.I saw all of the Swedish films based on the books, and I'm still not convinced that the first Hollywood installment is any better than the Swedish version. The Hollywood version might be a bit slicker and bigger budget, and its screenplay might be a tad tighter, and more well written.All in all, though, I was not as blown away by the Hollywood version as I had hoped. The "corny" factor that was evident in the Swedish films seems to have been taken care of in the Hollywood version. But then you have the "weirdness" of accents used to convey "otherness" and "foreignness" to U.S. audiences.U.S. audiences may enjoy the newer version because we are biased toward movies filmed in English, and biased toward more well-known actors and actresses, i.e. Daniel Craig over Michael Nyqvist. It goes without saying that the Swedish films were more authentic.I will say this, though, Rooney Mara kicks ass as Lisbeth Salander, and I might even like her performance more than Noomi Rapace's. I didn't think anyone could top Rapace, but Mara may have just done that.Minor footnote: I really wish the producers had ended the film with another hard- charging Led Zep song.
평점: 8	리뷰: When it comes to multiple adaptations of the same source, people will inevitably compare them to one another; they feel that they must in order to validate their opinions on which is ultimately superior. It happened with Martin Scorsese's The Departed and the Coen Bros. True Grit. This nonobjective way of thinking has hit David Fincher with his new film, The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo. This is important to bring up because you will not witness such trivialities in this review. You will instead read a critique of this movie on its own merits. Viewpoints will not be bogged down by preconceived notions that "remakes" are inherently inferior to the original product. The desire for comparisons is wholly absent.David Fincher's ninth feature film sees him directing a second adaptation of the literary phenomenon, The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo, scribed by author Stieg Larsson. What started with his films Se7en and Zodiac is continued with another take on the procedural genre. Dragon Tattoo, however, fits more closely with the latter as it too features an investigative journalist driven by personal and emotional desires to solve a 40-year old cold case. Mikael Blomkvist (Daniel Craig), having lost credibility due to being convicted of libel, is called upon by an older gentleman (Christopher Plummer) plagued by a relative's untimely death. The request is simple: Blomkvist is to discover the murderer and reap the reward that will be bestowed upon him. Lisbeth Salander (Rooney Mara), the identity of the woman the film's title refers to, goes about her daily routines to survive and is eventually thrust into the chaotic investigative world Blomkvist operates best in.Dragon Tattoo is perhaps Fincher's most brutal film, in terms of the violence and the subject matter. His work is usually riddled with cynicism and how the world revolves around the meaning of that term. That is still the case here, but it's taken to another level. As the original Swedish title of the novel suggests, there are men who really do hate women. This point is hammered into the audience very bluntly; there is no room for subtlety.Lisbeth Salander, portrayed exceptionally well by the once-lackluster Rooney Mara, is contrasted with the life of Blomkvist. While he attempts to rebuild his life and reputation, hers continues to decline as she suffers a personal tragedy with a relative that leads to a spiral of emotional and physical destruction. This contrast between Blomkvist and Salander is where the film shines the brightest. The investigation, while highly entertaining and intriguing, is second to the character work. We feel the pain both protagonists endure as they go about their routines before they eventually come together as one to solve the mystery of Harriet Vanger's unfortunate demise.The methodical nature of the film is on point. This is shown through the investigative techniques employed by our heroes. What's marvelous about the investigation is that we, as the audience, aren't the only ones scrambling to keep up with the plethora of names that play a role in the mystery. Blomkvist himself is taken aback by what he has to keep up with. Even the camera-work is used as an indicator of the laborious process in the investigation: the slow, fluid movement of a drive up to a mansion; the panning to a character reading copious amounts of paperwork; even close-ups on computers when new information is discovered. That's what makes Fincher's work in this genre brilliant: he utilizes everything to make the journey every bit as exhausting for his audience as he does for the characters.Dragon Tattoo isn't perfect, by any means. It's not even Fincher's best work. The problems that exist lie in the narrative after the climax. While it's still engaging, it seems to fall flat and doesn't resonate with what came before it. The audience is exhausted by the trials Salander and Blomkvist endure, and the abrupt ending, after a short cool down, is just as jarring as the abrupt introduction prior to the title sequence. The ending leaves something to be desired, namely that another installment should be on its way. That may happen over the coming years, but the abrupt ending coupled with wanting more is not a good thing.As noted above, The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo is not David Fincher's best work; that honor still belongs to Zodiac due to its impeccable narrative, suspense, and downright brilliant filmmaking by all parties involved. Dragon Tattoo is another worthy entry in the procedural genre that will be difficult to top by anyone else working within it. It and Zodiac will make for a wondrous double feature.
평점: 1	리뷰: I just watched the Swedish version. Honestly, I feel cheated and misled. There's something fundamentally wrong with the story itself, a writer should know better. Think about it, the writer makes one of the characters claim that the girl was killed, which the audience believe, and then, the same writer, later reveals in the story that she is still alive? Hmmm, a best-seller? seriously? It's ethically wrong to mislead the audience just in order then surprise them in such a cheap way. Ain't going to watch the 2011 one, only from the trailer I can tell it's almost a duplicate of everything, as if the 2011 version was based on the 2009 version, they should rather make their own conclusions from reading the book and base the movie on that, not get impressions from a movie that was made about the same book! Should make necessary changes to the story first, change the plot.
평점: 9	리뷰: I hope the sound editor never works again. For some reason, dialogue was over driven by music. And it wasn't even good music. The first scene, I struggled to figure out what they were saying. That should never happen, but it happens at least three times. The acting was very good. Rooney Mara was an excellent Lisbeth. Just one problem: Noomi Rapace was better. I feel bad comparing the two, but when you remake a film, you are going to have comparisons. If it wasn't for the sound, I would give it a 10, just like the original. There were a few plot changes. I'm guessing that US audiences wouldn't get the jail time for libel. It happens in Europe a lot more than the US. The ending was also different. Don't know which I prefer. Overall a good film. But, see the original as well.
평점: 7	리뷰: The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo is a prime example of why you should pay attention to the messages a given movie is trying to send before heading willy-nilly into a theater. This is a film that is based upon a deeply disturbing series of books that spawned a deeply disturbing series of foreign films and which features the tagline, "The feel bad movie of Christmas." If you read between the lines here, I believe you should be able to make an educated guess as to the kind of movie this really is.Mikael Blomkvist (Daniel Craig) is a journalist whose career appears to be over. After publishing a scathing expose on a powerful Swedish businessman, Blomkvist is sued for libel and is found guilty, a finding that will cost him his life savings, his reputation, and a short prison sentence. At a loss for what to do next, Blomkvist takes a meeting with Henrik Vanger (Christopher Plummer), an aging but prominent corporate leader. Blomkvist is presented with a proposition that turns out to be more tempting that he could have ever imagined. Vanger promises to give Blomkvist the evidence he needs to clear his name and in exchange, Blomkvist will attempt to solve a mystery that has vexed the old man for 40 years: the murder of Harriet, Vanger's niece and favorite family member who went missing at the age of 16. With the help of Lisbeth Salander (Rooney Mara), a socially stunted but immensely valuable private investigator, Blomkvist soon finds himself embroiled in a vast and complex cover up that threatens to consume every aspect of his life.To describe Dragon Tattoo as "rough" would require that you change the definition of the word. More like "exceptionally brutal" and "not at all something you'd want to see with your parents." I feel sorry for anyone who made the mistake of taking a post-Santa trip to the theater with the family without knowing for sure what they were getting themselves into. I was 14 when Titanic debuted and I had a number of friends who had their Christmas Day movie with the family ruined by the unexpected awkwardness of Kate Winslet's breast popping up on the screen. Dragon Tattoo is approximately one hundred thousand times worse. Even the opening credits are a bit demented (though visually stunning) and that's just a sample of the brutality that follows. Dragon Tattoo is about as raw as it gets for a mainstream movie and despite the fact that I had read the book and knew what to expect, it still made me squirm more than once.If you can get past the cringe factor, Dragon Tattoo is a quality but ultimately flawed film. Director David Fincher put together a fantastic cast filled with actors who fit their roles perfectly. Led by Craig's usual calm and understated demeanor, the performances within this film are strong to quite strong, though none compare to the work of Rooney. I don't think this is an Oscar-caliber portrayal but it is certainly one that will move her to the top of the list for a number of high profile roles over the next few years. And as always with a Fincher film, the technical aspects of Dragon Tattoo are exquisite. From the score to the shot selection, this is barely a step down from The Social Network, which was nearly perfect from a behind-the-camera standpoint. Fincher uses every element like it belongs to his directorial Swiss army knife, heightening the intensity here, providing subtle detail there. Fincher is the master of creating imperceptible tension within each audience member, building it until you suddenly realize that you're sitting on the edge of your seat and your heart is pounding. In this regard, Dragon Tattoo provides the perfect subject matter.But where the film struggles is in the way Fincher tries to tell a convoluted, web-like story. In the book, author Stieg Larsson weaves together several stories that don't initially seem to connect in the beginning and he does so in excruciating detail. It is a slowburn of a read but one that I found compelling. In order to present every concept within the book, however, Fincher makes the mistake of jamming almost every ounce of story from the source material into the film. The first third of the movie, then, moves at a rapid pace that doesn't fit the story, the characters, or even the actors. There's a hint of Aaron Sorkin in the dialogue but it doesn't contain the expert craftsmanship that usually accompanies a Sorkin script and it doesn't fit Craig's brand of subdued acting. Moreover, Fincher tries to pack an excessive amount of information into the first act and none of it connects very well. As a result, we get a number of short, choppy scenes that don't flow together and make it quite difficult to settle in. I'm a big fan of Fincher overall but I think Dragon Tattoo displays his limitations, or at least his weaknesses. Far from Fincher's master work, it is nonetheless an intriguing and worthwhile film that you may not want to take in on a full stomach.

영화제목: The Maze Runner
평점: 8	리뷰: Based on the best-selling YA novel, The Maze Runner is the newest, and  one of largest adaptions to arrive in cinemas yet. Comparable to The  Hunger Games and Twilight, it is in fairly good chances to be the next  big franchise. Here is what we thought of it;  Setting the tone immediately, lead star Dylan O'Brien awakens suddenly  in a very dark and eerie lift travelling from deep below the ground, it  becomes apparent that he now knows just as much as we do. The fear is  visual and quite real  and just like a young child on our first day of  school we are pushed into a new, confusing experience for the next two  hours.  Arriving atop the lift and unable to remember anything other than his  name, Thomas. He is told by a group of teenage boys that he is in a  field in the centre of a maze, called the 'Glade', where they all live.  Having attempted to find a way out many times, all they know is that  the maze is open during the day-time, and closed at night where it  periodically changes and is protected by fearsome creatures called  'grievers'. Anyone in there at that time has never returned.  Much like an episode of Lost meeting The Lord of the Flies meeting  Labyrinth, we understand narrative at the same time as Thomas, who is  eventually told that three years ago a young teenage boy first arrived  at the glade, and each month since one more arrives in the lift with  certain supplies to survive. Unknowing of why and unable to escape they  have become helplessly trapped there since. Similarly to The Lord of  the Flies, the group of boys, all probably aged 10-20 have creating a  living-area, created rules, swearwords and the imperative code to  'never go beyond those walls' - but as Thomas arrives at the glade all  seems to change for the worse, and many of the other 'Gladers' take  note.  Admittedly we had not read the book until after we had saw the film,  but from the very first paragraph we noted its book-to-screen accuracy.  Fans of the book will be more than satisfied with the minimal changes,  and any made are for the better.  The film, upheld by a ninety-nine percent teen cast, feels news and  many of the actors are in roles unseen before. Dylan O'Brien, From TV's  Teen-Wolf, provides an exceptional lead role as Thomas and carries the  film in both story and emotional trawls. Although new to the setting  and with the films entirety taking place over just a few days, he  comfortably fits in, although ruffling many traditions too. At one  point it is said 'I don't know if he is brave or stupid, but we need  more of him'.  Co-staring alongside Dylan O'Brien are equally exceptional performances  by; Will Poulter, in a dark tough-guy role, (and absolutely nothing  like his recent role as Kenny in We're The Millar's); Thomas  Brodie-Sangster stars as a fellow Glader; and Kaya Scodelario in a  surprise turn-up as the first female at the Glade - but also 'the last  one ever' to arrive. Although the narrative between them is conflicting  at times, the chemistry is smooth as if friends both on-and-off the  screen. Notably, we can confirm that the characters live-up the book  creations and are almost perfectly cast.  Evidentially former director/writer/editor/effects maestro, Wes Ball  uses skills from his previous work on this film and it shows and flows  evenly. Take note future producers, this is how to successfully make a  YA adaption, which surprisingly, is just as impressive as the book. Yet  unfortunately leaves us with far more questions than answers by the  end. Based on the trilogy by James Dashner expect more answers to  follow in sequel movies in the soon to be massive franchise. Or, you  know  you can read the books before hand? Ultimately, you do not have  to be a fan of the books, or even a YA to enjoy the film it, it has  something for almost everyone.  The Maze Runner arrives in US cinemas 19th September, and UK cinemas on  10th October. Be sure to check back soon and read our exclusive  interview with director Wes Ball, and leading cast; Dylan O'Brien, Will  Poulter and Thomas Brodie-Sangster. Brace yourselves Maze Runner fans!
평점: 7	리뷰: It's rare for a big movie studio to trust the future of a potential blockbuster franchise to a brand-new director. You'd imagine that there would be just too much at stake when it came to translating James Dashner's series of best-selling dystopian novels to the silver screen. But it's easy to see why Wes Ball got the job - with this one film, he graduates from short films to blockbuster movies with flair to spare. Indeed, The Maze Runner is such a cool, confident and thrilling blend of action beats and character work that it's hard to believe Ball has never before commandeered a full- length feature film. It's true that the narrative gets a little away from him by the end, making less sense as more secrets are revealed. But this is more a problem with the source material than Ball's own skills as a director.Thomas (Dylan O'Brien) finds himself thrust rudely into the world of the Glade: a community of boys who have figured out how to live while encircled by a giant, constantly changing maze, within which dwell giant, boy-eating monsters known only as Grievers. Many of the boys, including benevolent pioneer Alby (Aml Ameen) and champion of the old ways Gally (Will Poulter), are content with just surviving day to day. Thomas winds up unsettling the entire camp with his refusal to follow the rules and determination to ask questions: he wants to explore the Maze with designated runners like Minho (Ki Hong Lee), and figure out a way to get free. Life in the camp gets more complicated when, weeks before the next boy is due to be sent up to the Glade, a girl in the form of Theresa (Kaya Scodelario) arrives instead.There's a lot of blockbuster potential to be squeezed out of this premise, and Ball does so quite wonderfully. The Maze encircling the Glade is a stonily grey, massive enclosure, and the Grievers - when the boys encounter them in increasingly close quarters - are odd marvels made as much of machine as flesh. Ball cuts scenes of great, heart-stopping tension together masterfully: whether it's Thomas running through walls that are fast closing in on him, or Thomas and Minho trying to outrun a Griever while burdened with an unconscious Alby.The film even finds some welcome dramatic depth in this strange little community of lost boys in the Glade - Thomas' growing antagonism with Gally is balanced against the mutual respect he and Newt (Thomas Brodie-Sangster) develop for each other, and the brotherly connection that he forges with the adorable Chuck (Blake Cooper). The politics of the situation is fascinating as well: as much as The Maze Runner is about, well, running for your life in a giant maze, it also raises big questions about identity and integrity. Is safety and security worth giving up your right to information and choice?What works less well is the secret around which the Glade is constructed. As viewers, we aren't given a whole lot of answers about why the Glade and the Maze exists, nor do we get many explanations as to why Thomas is so different and insatiably curious. But the ones we do get - all centred around the mysterious, severe figure of Ava Paige (Patricia Clarkson) in some kind of control centre - oddly render the film and its characters less, rather than more, interesting. It's a strangely deflating experience to have the film's rich ethical dilemmas and intense action sequences give way to an underlying dystopian narrative that isn't really all that compelling.Nevertheless, The Maze Runner remains quite an accomplishment. It's an assured, impressive debut for Ball, one with enough electric tension and moody drama to intrigue throughout its running time. His young cast is fully capable of carrying their own weight, with Poulter - morphing from comic sidekick in We're The Millers into hateful adversary here - the standout. Its story collapses a little into itself as it hurtles towards its climax, but Ball's work is quite enough to leave viewers excited by the prospect of the inevitable sequel.

영화제목: Independence Day: Resurgence
평점: 4	리뷰: I recently re-watched the first film and was surprised at how robust its shelf life is. Again, it is undeniably cheesy and jingoistic, but done suitably well, I can have a ball with any material. In "Independence Day: Resurgence", set and finally released 20 years after the events of the first film, the aliens get medieval on us with an even bigger mothership.There's a lot of heroics here by many a character who do their equal part to stop this new alien menace, having already made a stuffed calzone of the Earth's crust comprising from London all the way to Singapore. There's also a refreshingly silly undertone which sets it apart from the grim and serious blockbusters of today, and with added Jeff Goldblum and Judd Hirsch who return as the Levinsons, and "Star Trek" alumnus Brent Spiner as the eccentric Dr. Okun, Emmerich and his co-writers, including returning scribe Dean Devlin, certainly did not skimp out on the comic silliness.Unfortunately, that is where the similarities end. The sins of sequelitis has been bestowed upon this sequel to his 1996 smash hit, and Emmerich is to blame, either for his laziness to phone it in out of frustration to fulfill the fans; or bucking in to studio demand to condense the film into a mere 2 hours. Sure, lots of things happen in the film, including stuff and cities going kablooey in high style, and high-tech aerial dogfights to give "Star Wars" a run for its money. Even Liam Hemsworth as the new hero Jake Morrison did not annoy me as much as I expected, though Hemsworth is still a far cry from Will Smith's "Elvis has left the building!" persona.However, as slick as the modern CGI is, giving a sleeker look to the tech shown in the original film, it never quite gels together as a cohesive film - no momentum, no suspense, no catharsis when it does end. Bill Pullman's returning ex-President Thomas Whitmore is utterly wasted, as per his daughter Patricia (Maika Monroe, not doing her rep from "It Follows" any favours). It is not their fault; I feel that there is a lot of footage Emmerich was forced to excise by the Fox bigwigs to get more butts into cinema seats. Perhaps an extra half- hour of more cataclysmic destruction and character motives, but I may be asking for a bit too much at this point.Things are very rushed indeed, with no payoff even when there's lots of characters doing their fair share to save the day. Goldblum and Hirsch, however, are still naturals, and they steal every scene they're in, and lift the movie up from near tediousness. Nevertheless, the special effects are fantastic, and are most certainly worth the price of admission alone.It's kind of sad. This new one promotes global equality, with a female U.S. President (Sela Ward) celebrating world peace, and with everyone from across the globe giving it their all to kick E.T.'s ass. The action is fine and dandy without any of those annoying shaky-cam and quick-cut edits. And yet, the film suffers from awkward pacing, rushed dynamics, and especially a lack of cities exploding into fireballs. It even has sequel-teasing in the laziest manner possible in its final moments.To quote Marvin the Martian, "Where's the kaboom? There's supposed to be an Earth-Shattering Kaboom!"
평점: 1	리뷰: How stupid do the script writers think the viewing audience is?If the movie were made for four year olds, it would be an insult to their intelligence....Great first 10 minutes or so then we are expected to leave logic and believability behind...Making no sense doesn't seem to bother the director and producers...The sphere can set up a planet to teach all other civilizations how to defend against the bad aliens...and it's credentials for doing so? Their planet got wiped out by said aliens and even the lower intelligence earthlings, using replicated, imitated weapons ripped from the bad aliens can shoot it down over the moon...yeah...great teachers they'll be...The Queen can survive a fusion bomb blast but her shield falls under minor weapon fires...The Queen can control all the alien ships but yeah, let the two hero's craft shoot at her for fun before taking over control...And having all her fighters surround her...I guess to offer her protection...but they just kept flying round and round like an amusement park ride when the two rogue fighters decide to attack her...An ex president's daughter who no longer flies can just commandeer a fighter...to fly alongside her father, who couldn't walk properly in the beginning of the film but can still fly a new age jet...all the air forces around the world obviously overdoing their pilot screening a tad...The list goes on and on...I can't be bothered to write them all down or I might be writing an entire new script or story line...I want my time and money back...as well as compensation for ruining my fond memory of the first film...

영화제목: Pacific Rim
평점: 6	리뷰: This is a bit of Transformers meets Alien meets Real Steel meets Godzilla meets Avatar. Aliens (who resemble the ones from Alien and Howard the Duck) emerge from beneath the ocean surface to attack coastal cities, and humans develop giant robots manned by two pilots to bring them down. After a defeat early on by our hero, played by Charlie Hunnam, this robot program faces elimination. And a rogue captain tracks down Hunnam (who's taken a civilian job) and attempts to save Hong Kong using the last of the robots. Hunnam wishes to team with a young Japanese woman, whom the captain cares for, but she has difficulty overcoming the emotions left over from the killing of her family during an alien attack.I saw this from the front row, and the 3D was excellent. I really felt as though I were going to get wet or hit with debris. The visual effects and look of the movie were excellent. Some of the charterization and script are problematic. The two scientists at the base are pencil necked, squeaky voiced comic relief characters and it's hard to tell if they're giving bad performances or the script just demanded that they act like cartoons. The soldiers, especially Hunnam, try so hard to be macho it's almost funny. He's concentrating so hard on looking butch, he forgets to act and his accent fades in and out. Nonetheless, I think if he becomes less self conscious about his acting, he could be a big star. He has a bit of a Brad Pitt look about him. The Japanese woman is a bit of a weak character. The audience is supposed to giggle as she coos around Charlie, and I suppose some people might think it's sexist that the only major woman in the movie is portrayed most of the time as being too emotional to be a pilot. Obviously, most people aren't going to a movie like this for the script and compelling characters. I compared it to Transformers above, but only because of the robots. One great thing is that I can always tell who's who, where the action is happening, and what the stakes are. In Transformers, action scenes go on for forty minutes and we aren't clear who's attacking who. There are some clichés during attack scenes, with bits of obvious humor thrown in. But generally I think this movie will win over most people. Definitely don't wait to see it on video. See it 3D in the theater if this title interests you at all.
평점: 8	리뷰: We all carry a great sense of wonder. It seems to hide away as we get older, but was always strong and persistent when we were children. We could sit down and really make something out of nothing physical, or tip our toy-box all over the floor and just go mad. Pacific Rim is Guillermo Del Toro at his most unleashed. He's been given the toys for his sandpit and has gone completely bonkers, but he has also created a sense of wonder from completely nothing.The plot is simple. Kaiju (monsters) from another dimension break through to ours and wage war on the planet and us humans must do what we can to stop them. So we build giant machines called Jaegers. General audiences are doing the worst thing by comparing this to Transformers or Battleship simply because of some simple image traits. Well I'm here to tell you that you're way off and also working comparisons in the wrong league. Del Toro has crafted an insane amalgamation of Sci-Fi, old-school thrills, special effects and brilliantly entertaining set pieces that all meld together in beautiful harmony, with just enough satisfying human moments and arcs that carry a nice balance of emotion and camp. It all blends well with the loopiness of it all. Its Guillermo Del Toro's trademarks turned up to 11, all while going nuts and having fun with his toys.There's just so much to love, that not even some minor pacing problems or a couple of sub-par performances can destroy the experience. Mainly its in the lesser background characters, but for me I'd say that Charlie Hunnam doesn't quite shine in the lead. He's certainly more than commendable, but he just doesn't break out here. Idris Elba steals the spotlight with a look and a bellowed delivery and its amusing to watch and Rinko Kikuchi has such an incredible skill with her mannerism and in her eyes, that's its a shock that she isn't in more films. Ron Perlman comes and goes and works his usual incredible moments.Pacific Rim is triumphant above the rest of the blockbuster herd. It knows what is missing from the norm and just goes crazy with it. Its a big, giant load of awesome fun. Prepare your jaw muscles, because you'll be smiling throughout.(Hint: Stay a couple of minutes into the end credits for an awesome additional scene)
평점: 8	리뷰: As far as summer blockbusters go, 'Pacific Rim' has probably the most unabashedly uncomplicated premise - giant robots versus giant monsters. How much you enjoy Guillermo del Toro's robot-monster smackdown ultimately depends on whether you expect the movie to be any more than that. If you did, then you're probably going to walk away disappointed at how simplistic this apocalyptic spectacle will turn out to be; but if you're satisfied simply with watching huge-ass monsters and robots go up against each other, then you will enjoy every bit of this epic (and yes we do mean it literally).Indeed, the draw of del Toro's monster of a movie has always been to witness the monumental series of battles between massive lizard-like monsters (referred to in the movie by the Japanese word 'Kaiju' as a tribute to the science fiction films from the country which featured such giant beasts, e.g. Godzilla) and 25-story high robots (known as Jaegers, or 'hunters' in German) operated by humans. And in this regard, let us assure you that nothing in your expectation will prepare you for what del Toro has managed to accomplish on screen - not even comparing it to a 'Godzilla' meets 'Transformers' movie does it any justice.Let's start with the basics. First and foremost, the action is shot cleanly, meaning none of them shaky-cams nor extreme close-ups that diminish the scale on which it is unfolding. It is also coherent - thanks to some impressive work from del Toro regular Guillermo Navarro as cinematographer and John Gilroy and Peter Amundson as editors - rather than just a mashup of scenes that don't flow well into one another. We'll add one more before we start gushing - it is also beautifully choreographed, with just the right mix of medium and wide shots to place you right into the heart of the action.If that description above seems too clinical, then how about this - these setpieces are superb; in fact, they are worthy of every superlative that you can think of. Working on a gargantuan scale, del Toro executes the action with magnificence, whether the fleeting shots of the destruction of the Golden Gate Bridge at the beginning or the more detailed sequences in the middle and at the end - in particular, a simply jaw-dropping one begins at sea just off the waters of Hong Kong and then continues seamlessly inland where both the port and the very city centre gets decimated by two Jaegers battling two Category 4 Kaijus.It isn't just about how colossal it gets; it is also the sheer mesmerising quality of the images, starting from the amazing level of detail of the Jaegers and the Kaijus. Even though it seems to be raining a little too conveniently every time one of these battles happens out at sea, there's no denying just how real and majestic each of them feels. On the other hand, the cityscapes are arresting in their neon hues, and the combination of the futuristic look with which del Toro paints these familiar cities with the bioluminescent appendages and venom of the Kaijus make for a particularly appealing visual palette.Now that we've finished with the savoury bits, it is only fair that we get to the (ahem) less than wieldy parts, which is in actual fact just about everything else we have yet to talk about. At first, the science- fiction mythology sounds rather intriguing - instead of coming from the skies, the threat to our planet came from a rift deep within the Pacific Ocean, a portal through which the Kaijus emerged and necessitated an equally massive response in the form of the Jaegers. Ditto the functioning of the Jaegers, which given their size, have to be operated by two pilots who sync up their minds via the neural handshake, otherwise known as the "drift".But del Toro and his fellow screenwriter Travis Beacham (who is also credited with this original story) uses these elements too mechanically. The rift is no more than an excuse for an underwater climax where the Jaegers aim to close the portal from which the Kaijus emerged, a resolution not quite different from that in 'The Avengers'. More significantly, the melding of minds isn't quite exploited for enough dramatic possibility, particularly given its significance in enabling our two lead pilots, Raleigh Becket (Charlie Hunnam) and Mori (Rinko Kikuchi) to bond so seamlessly with each other.Equally clunky is the characterisation, which has as much poignancy as a piece of metal. Raleigh's scarred Jaeger pilot, still reeling at first from the death of his brother Yancy (Diego Klattenhoff), heals too quickly for us to make much of an emotional connection. Mori's own traumatic near-death experience as a child that continues to haunt her also rings hollow and is equally quickly forgotten. Idris Elba plays his Jaeger commander Stacker Pentecost in suitably macho fashion, but is largely one-note and engineered simply to deliver the rallying cries at suitable intervals - like the oft-heard "Today, we are cancelling the apocalypse" in the trailers.No thanks to the plotting and character issues, the pacing of the movie sags considerably after a prolonged prologue establishing the necessary backstory of the robots-versus-monsters war and Raleigh's own past. It only picks up at the halfway mark when the deep-sea monsters finally clash again with their mechanical counterparts, which will either be stimulating enough (if you're an adolescent fanboy) to make you wet your pants or leave you numb. Our opinion? It is del Toro's most ambitious, most imaginative and probably most groundbreaking movie ever, but we wish there were more of the warmth and character that have defined some of his best work.
평점: 9	리뷰: I was lucky to catch an advance screening of Pacific Rim & I went into Pacific Rim excited, ready to see Giant Robots take on 3000 ton monsters & left completely satisfied. This movie turned out better than I expected, Pacific Rim is the best summer movie so far. The action delivers, whenever there's a kaiju/Jaeger fight scene you wont be able to take your eye's off the screen. Great visuals. Good plot. Solid acting. The character development is fair. Pacific Rim is overall a fun/good time movie that will bring out the inner 9 year in ya. If you're going into Pacific Rim expecting an Oscar worthy performance & plot, well sorry... Guillermo del Toro hit it out of the park with Pacific Rim & as I mentioned the visuals are great so definitely give this one a look at in 3D & if there's an iMAX near your area GO FOR IT! P.S stay for the after credits.
평점: 4	리뷰: Let me get this out of the way - Pacific Rim is a massive let down. The film does little to capture the audience's attention, and uses every cliché in the book.Directed by Guillermo Del Toro, Pacific Rim is an action film which follows humanity's struggle to fight an aquatic dinosaur-like creatures which aim to take over Earth. In resistance, all nations join together to build 'Jagers' - or dual-piloted robots - to fight off the invasion. Pacific Rim's premise is really interesting. There's lots of room to explore the paroles of which humans have to work around to come out victorious. Unfortunately, the film doesn't do any exploration at all. On top of that, the script and acting are weak. The cinematography is confusing, and the film builds no anticipation. No one will remember this in two months' time. PROS + Soundtrack + Ron Perlman + Good 3DNEUTRALS ~ No plot holes (because there isn't really a plot)CONS - Underused settings - Length - Flatlined story - Weak script - Heavily clichéd - Unnecessarily violent - Unnecessary characters - Unlikable characters - 'Dual/Mimicking Pilots' are often out of sync. SCORE 4/10
평점: 9	리뷰: Short and Sweet This isn't Romeo & Juliet, War & Peace or any Epic piece of fiction like those. It is a big budget smack-down. The battles in the cities around the world are pretty cool, but i would have enjoyed a more international flavors to it. But that's just my opinion. Transformers/Godzilla mash up, with shadows of Japanese robot fighting stories. The Jeagers (Robots) themselves have plenty to look at on the big screen, in some shots you get a good, if quick look at the mechanics inside, Sort of like the brilliant work done on the First live action Transformers movie.Characters are light and not completely original but what is nowadays? Good special effects and plenty of action.... a few nice non action character scenes to remind you of the stakes. Music is alright but not rousing. I give it 8/10
평점: 7	리뷰: First of all, i've gotta say that when you go to watch a movie, you must have some sort of expectation about the movie that you're gonna watch. It's the thing that you expect, that you hope'll happened in that movie. I'll tell you what my expectation about this Pacific Rim movie. I expect that this movie will give me some sort of new view (since i'm a big fat fan of scifi, giant robots, and monsters) and combination of a post apocalyptic movie and monster attack. I expect a more advance CGI and special effect from the robots (it's called Jaeger) and all of the fight scenes with the monsters (it's called Kaiju), at least above transformers level, but on a bigger scale. And most important of all, i want some logical explanation of whatever happens, not just some nonsense that they threw away and patch it away with some cool graphics whatsoever (like in the 2012 movie). About the actors, now my expectation is towards the opposite direction, cause i don't intend to see some of great acting out of some (giant)monster vs(giant) robot movie, just a decent one is enough. Now if you go to see Pacific Rim in my set of expectation, you'll get what you want... well, more or less. Let's get to the downside first. The acting of almost all of the important cast were standard (some are below standard though). No special characteristic that will make them be remembered as all of them are replaceable (Except RonPerlman's unique appearance, though I don't really know his function in the first place). The plot graphics fluctuates up and down as the movie running as some scenes are making you sleepy, but another makes you unbelievably psyched (hint: the fisticuffs side). Talk about plot holes, at the beginning of the movie the logics are lined up pretty well. By the time the movie reached half time the plot holes seems to appear pretty often, though more or so its still edible. All of that thing aside, what makes Pacific Rim a great movie is the main reason that you watch it in the first place. Yes! Its the monsters and the robots. I gotta give a credit to Guilermo Del Toro, thus he's brave enough and willing to make this movie in the first place. To count that there's not that many movie with giant monster theme or giant robot theme (except maybe from Japan, which many of us are unfamiliar with), but to combine it into one clash is one of the most brilliant and brave idea ever come in Hollywood. Kaiju designs are of course not childish (comparing to Godzilla movies from Japan), as it is more chilling and frightening, since Del Toro's experience in making "monsters"is beyond perfection. Also the destruction caused by the monsters are illustrated nicely, as we are shown how the earth, cities, and its people are transformed, years after the attack. As for the Jaeger, they have a very excellent design, with various forms, and human pilots (remind us of the mobile suit in Gundam series, or the robot in the movie Robot Jox in the late 80's), a very unique concept which make a good response for the Kaiju attack in an intense, life risking fight. For conclusion, If you unsure whether to watch Pacific Rim of not, just remember that what you seek in this movie is not some sort of amazing Oscar acting, but rather a stress release movie about a post apocalyptic monster attack world, with cool giant robots battle. Maybe you'll love it for the most part if you're a fan-boy. Objectively... 6.5 stars out of 10.
평점: 8	리뷰: Within the opening 15 or so minutes Charlie Hunnam's voice-over establishes the reality of a future where monsters (the Kaiju) repeatedly invade earth, to stem this humans have created giant robots (Jaegers) to combat them in increasingly badass iterations. This opening does a great job in conveying the scope of a film which is big, not just regular big, but like, Jason Biggs in 1999 bigg. entering the cinema from a world where these events rarely occur is initially a lot to throw at the audience, but it's handled so effectively and without tongue in cheek that it quickly becomes a world I had a blast experiencing. Maybe it was the incredible effects shots of robot related destruction used as a throwaway shots, but what I think really sold the opening sequence and the film as a whole is the enthusiasm Del Toro clearly has for the story he's telling.The cast is essentially a rogues gallery of TV's better dramas playing variations on roles they've nailed in the past (see: Elba, Hunnam and Klattenhoff) and some inspired casting of It's Always Sunny's Charlie Day who, as should be expected provides some effective comedic relief. Added onto this the score comes courtesy of Ramin Djawadi who's masterful use of themes on Game of Thrones is carried over to this film for some great emotional cues and many a rad motif courtesy of Tom Morello on guitar.It's appropriate Del Toro has a Frankenstein adaptation lined up as a follow up project as Pacific Rim can at times can feel stitched together from all the sources of inspiration the film has. This comes from many areas such as Japanese manga, the personalities of the actors from previous films and the imagery of robots destroying buildings which transformers ran into the ground. But Del Toro succeeds time and time again at allowing these disparate elements to fit together believably by way of some very confident filmmaking. I could easily take issue with the oft hammy dialogue and macho relationships but where the film succeeds in other areas and revels in creativity trumps the dissatisfaction one could take from these scenes. I also found Hunnams character a tad lacking in charisma and internal conflict but whatever, it's not the end of the world. Oh wait, yes it is hahahaha The films successes go beyond its imagery and continued invention within battle scenes as the script is very economical when it comes to pacing. The films battle scenes are so engaging and exciting due to clearly established stakes present which left me devoid of the "action fatigue" transformers loves to throw my way. And although the Kaiju battles seem to never be in short supply, the film essentially follows the rule of three when it comes to battle sequences and left me oh so satisfied.In conclusion, I give it points for being one of the funner summer blockbusters in recent memory, for being an original property and for its sheer tenacity to exist which all amount to what is just a darn good time at the movies.
평점: 7	리뷰: I was so ready not to like "Pacific Rim". It seemed just like another one of those "giant robot movies that are just all noise and nothing else. Fortunately though, it was a good thing that it was the only movie beginning when I got to the mall this morning. This is so much better than the "Transformers" clone I was afraid it would be."Pacific Rim" takes place in the year 2020 (not really in the very far future, isn't it?) and the world is under attack from gigantic monsters coming from ocean depths called Kaiju. As the tag line tells us, "to fight the monsters, we created monsters of our own." These are in the form of so-called giant mechanical fighting soldiers called Jaegers, controlled by the skills of human controllers. The human team dedicated to fighting these destructive creatures are based in Hong Kong. The soldiers were all hot-headed and macho heroic types, led by Stacker (Idris Elba). The scientists were portrayed as nerdy and caricature-ish comic relief, led by Dr. Newton (Charlie Day). The central character is Raleigh Becket, who previously retired from the Jaegers when his brother and partner died in battle. He was portrayed by Charlie Hunnam, who was not too familiar to me, just another generic blonde Hollywood hunk. The face could have been interchangeable with any of the other Caucasian fighters in there. The lead female character is Mako Mori, an aspiring Jaeger fighter, with a painful past. She is portrayed by Japanese actress Rinko Kikuchi, who we should remember was nominated for Best Supporting Actress back in 2006 for her role in "Babel". Here, she appeared to be confused on how to properly portray her role, so she did not come across too strongly as her character should have beenDespite these casting and characterization flaws though, the movie as a whole still turned out very well. Director Guillermo del Toro faced such a challenge to execute a script that dangerously flirted with disaster, deriving obvious comparisons with, not only "Transformers," but also "Godzilla", "Real Steel", "Armageddon". He succeeded to create within this borrowed material enough heart to make audiences root for the good guys and care if they save the day or not. When I was watching as the movie went along, it did matter too much anymore that the acting was not too good, or that the scenes looked familiar, or that the lines get corny. The movie was actually engrossing and entertaining. The special effects were of epic proportions. The whole thing worked as a whole, and that is what matters in the end.
평점: 3	리뷰: Man builds 200-foot robots to fight gigantic monsters emerging from a rift at the bottom of the ocean.I think this movie may be good for a 16-year-old or younger boy. Otherwise, the stupidity of the story and weaknesses in the acting take you too much out of the action.From the trailer, I was waiting to be disappointed by why it takes two people to control one robot. Turns out, the neural connection between the machine and man would overload the mind of one brain. Fine. Here's a better solution: nobody gets in the thing and a team of people operate it remotely. Look, I know the point is the show lots of action, but why start off with this silly contrivance? Sure, it's supposed to set-up for powerful emotions when one robot "pilot" gets his partner torn from right next to him, but there could have been better ways to create this situation. It could be pilot, co-pilot. Or navigator and weapons.Then, are robots really the best way to fight these monsters? They say even bombs and missiles are ineffective, yet some of the robots have missiles and other traditional weapons built as part of their arsenal. Either they are or they're not effective. Make up your mind.But, I get it. It's all an excuse to watch big robots box big monsters. Fine. But, the fight scenes generally disappoint. Technically the film is fine, but viscerally, I just wasn't there with our heroes during most the battles. There were moments in the Hong Kong fight scene, but even that didn't maintain its occasional high levels of excitement.And the acting was mediocre and made worse by what I guess was poor directing and a lame script. The only memorable line is when one pilot says to his brother as they're about to do battle, "Don't get cocky." That was awesome in "Star Wars." Here, it just made me think of how much I'd rather be watching that movie.The character traits that are supposed to make us care are so shoved in and over the top that it never truly connects to us on an emotional level. Yes, it's sibling pilot teams, and father-son pilot teams. But, just saying they're related and share a bond doesn't make us feel that connection. And so many characters are so cliché and overacted it's as if they're in a B-movie. It is a popcorn flick, but at its budget and pedigree, I expect more from the performances.Finally, perhaps the most distracting part of the film is its score. The movie's music pretty much consists of one theme six notes long repeated and used throughout the movie. I started cringing each time I heard those same six notes (actually, three notes played forward then backward).This film makes Michael Bay look like Orson Welles and "Transformers" the full-color "Citizen Kane" of robot movies.
평점: 9	리뷰: *9 / 10 This first thing that came into my mind when I watched the trailer is that this movie is like Mobile Suit Gundam. Yeah, that anime. Unless that the robot is controlled by two pilots. The robots here are called "Jaeger". Then the monsters. Godzilla's friends? Ultraman's new nemesis? They call the monsters "Kaiju".I have great expectation in this movie. Guillermo del Toro is a director with lots of experience and I don't think that this movie will go wrong or mocked by the audience. Not only as director, he also wrote the screenplay! We know that Guillermo del Toro is not just a director, he is also a writer, sometimes as producer, too. We all know that his Hellboy movies are awesome so this Pacific Rim should be entertaining.The movie's prologue told us about the Kaiju attack all around the world. Then the human race built giant robots to fight the Kaiju to save the world. Then the main characters were introduced one by one. Their past, their characters, and their craziness. The storyline is set in perfect proportion and perfect order. No character's story is too short or too long. We know that Raleigh (Charlie Hunnam) is the main character but everyone got their screen time equally.And, uh, a bit applause for the budget. This awesome movie's budget is "only" US $180,000,000! I don't believe that, actually. The special effect is awesome. This is what I call "Sci-Fi magic"! Awesome shot, and the scene when Gypsy Danger sliced the Kaiju's wings above the Earth's atmosphere was so stunning. I cannot erase that scene from my mind. My gosh that scene was really awesome, and more stunning than any scene in James Cameron's Avatar (2009). That. Scene.Many said that this movie is quite similar as Transformers. Nope. It's not same at all. Transformers are basically aliens and these Jaegers were artificially made by humans, and had pilots. The concept is like playing Wii or Kinect games, like a simulator. The pilots controlled the Jaegers by moving around and also lots of buttons that I don't understand.The drama thing in here is also good. The sad moment when Stacker (Idris Elba) said goodbye to Mako (Rinko Kikuchi), also Herc (Max Martini) and Chuck Hansen (Robert Kazinsky)'s last encounter. Those scenes almost bring me to tears. The only hilarious character in this movie is Hannibal Chau (Ron Perlman), and Dr. Newton (Charlie Day), maybe. Gottlieb (Burn Gorman) is another extra point to this movie. He's smart but, like typical smart people in movies; he is also stubborn but in the end he could accept another people's opinion.To conclude all of the things above, this movie is really worth watched. This is not just a gigantic robots movie. The storyline, the action, the special effects, the concept and the execution are balanced one to another. Pacific Rim is the black horse in summer movies so far.
평점: 9	리뷰: If you enjoy seeing giant robots battle enormous monsters from another dimension in stunning 3D you will absolutely love Pacific Rim. With its theme of world-wide devastation from a seemingly unstoppable invasion of colossal beasts, the fate of humanity rests on the shoulders of Jaeger pilots - individuals who jointly control and pilot gigantic robots. A rift in dimensions has opened between dimensions in the pacific, known as the Breach, where giant monsters named Kaiju emerge to ravage the sea-side. Over the next five years war takes its toll on humanity and in response to this grave threat all the worlds' governments pour all their resources into finding a way to stop them from destroying the world. Jaegars are created, enormous twin-manned robots with the power to fight and kill these mysterious alien giants. As the frequency of these attacks increase and the resources of the Jaegar programs funds slowly diminish, a final answer must be found in order to save humanity from a seemingly devastating end.What really got to me was the mood of the film. There is a general sense of doom and finality to the encroaching, and ever escalating frequency of attacks from the beasts, which are referred to as "Kaiju", a Japanese word which literally translates to "strange beast." Famous Kaiju from cinema history include "Godzilla", "Mothra" and the enormous turtle-like monster "Gamera." Fans of these types of films are in for a treat.While some might criticize the film for being unrealistic in its plot, you have to remember that these kinds of films are never to be taken seriously. The drama involved in Pacific Rim, I felt, was handled with subtlety, with the usual tropes that come with action films of this caliber. So expect to see rivalries, old warhorses, a badass bookworm played by Charlie Day, and of course the battle couple played by Charlie Hunnam and Japanese actress Rinko Kikuchi. Of course the actor who really steals the show is the star of BBC's Luther, Idris Elba, who plays Stacker Pentecost - Director and driving force behind the Jaegar program. A man with a seemingly impossible task ahead of him, he must remain strong for the sake of the pilots under his care and supervision.A generally fun and engaging action film with plenty of amazing visual effects. The designs of the aliens leave one in awe of their sheer scale and destructive power. The immense size of both the robots and aliens is felt as you can really sense how heavy they would be. The animators really did a splendid job on this film. I can appreciate this film from a technical standpoint alone. Legendary Pictures have outdone themselves and produced an original film outside of their usual comfort zone i.e. superhero films. We can look forward to Legendary building on their giant monster film experience with "Godzilla" set to release in 2014 through Warner Bros. Entertainment, after which Legendary are rumored to be signing a new contract with Universal Pictures - with the expiration of their Warner Bros. contract at the end of 2014.
평점: 8	리뷰: I was so excited to finally see Pacific Rim. An ambitious idea, carried with big-budget effects, brought to you by master director Guillermo del Toro. I was pumped. I was hoping for brilliance, something to truly give other blockbusters a run for their money. The result, as I had to expect, was not that of a game changing event. Instead, it was more or less, directly in between Greatness and Disappointment. There's a lot to love about Pacific Rim, but where it suffers seems to be mostly through a lack of confidence in it's own premise.Like last years Les Miserables, Rim makes the unfortunate error of trying to fit in 3-4 hours worth of storytelling into just over 2. Which is unfortunate considering Pacific Rim's all round story is it's strongest element. Though taken from many sources, (and by no means, anything that original) it shapes a very well-throughout premise with detail and conviction. In it's execution of this however, is where the film stumbles. Mainly, the plot feels rushed. Condensing years of devastation and development, into one short montage (the first five minutes of the film covers the entire ark which Pacific Rim is built on: the first encounters of the Kaiju, the initial attempts to stop them and finally, the culmination of the Jaguar program) which contains enough story to fill an entire other movie. The intro then concludes with the untimely destruction of one of, what seemed to be, the human race's final salvation. From there is where the movie actually begins. Now while that's an interesting (somewhat ballsy) approach, this structure causes Rim to feel much smaller in scope than what it actually is. This story is HUGE as a concept and it should have translated that way. Unfortunately what is shown is both giant in scale and unjustly short. The film is set over a small amount of time, considering the attacks have been going on for years and though it covers many key events in the Kaiju war, it never really feels like you've been delivered the full picture.Now, on the positive side, if you focus your attention to what is on display, Pacific Rim excels. It flows with both confidence and conviction. Expecting a lot from the maker of Pan's Labyrinth and Hellboy 2, del Toro delivers with a lot of what made him great (even if you're mostly getting del Toro, the action director). The design of both Jeagar and Kaiju are brutal and majestic. The world in which Rim exists is one where any previous del Toro film could fit in with comfortably. Beautiful design. As well as that, being this is del Toro's first real entry into mega blockbuster territory (Hellboy 2 was big, but nothing close to this) there was initial concerns that maybe he would be out of his depths in bringing the all-out-brawls to the big screen. Luckily, he delivers there too.The Jaguar vs. Kaiju assaults are stellar, even if they're not the defining assault on your senses you were hoping for. When the standoffs begin, you are returned to your childhood, reminded of why you loved seeing things go bomb in the first place. It's big, it's exciting, it's unpredictable (well, some what) and it's just so must fun. Delivered, also, with a sense of peril for the characters, which is arguably the most important thing when creating great action. Which, for that, requires a group of characters to which you need to feel like giving a damn about.Though things have been said about the people of Rim, I found them to be well-rounded and developed. Though not reaching the arks of previous big-screen franchises (The Avengers, The Dark Knight), everyone is given enough to go with, to at least earn the right for us to care about them. The standout being Mako Mori played by Rinko Kikuchi who holds the stand-out scene of the movie, when she first steps foot inside the cockpit and co-pilots the Gypsy Danger... While on the other side of the hemisphere, Charlie Hunnam, taking leading position, brings the usual tough guy, stands-for-everything-right solider, with a delicacy that makes it feel more realistic than movie realistic. Supporting casts deliver also, with the always great Idris Elba doing well with a small role, while Charlie Day is much less annoying than what you may have previously anticipated and is convincing as the fumbling, genius scientist. And of course the always fun to watch Ron Perlman as shady, black market dealer Hannibal Chau. If you take Pacific Rim as a great action/adventure story you will find much to appreciate in it's delivery. Though, were it to have the self-confidence to deliver it's premise with more conviction and pacing, it could have been the best action film of the year. For what is on display however, there is very little to hate. Guillermo del Toro has done an exceptional job at bringing this mammoth concept to the big screen and delivering in, close to the way I had hoped. In the end, what you're left with is a great, thrilling experience that confirms that big robots fighting big monsters is actually a great idea for a movie.
평점: 9	리뷰: Pacific Rim is the most ambitious project undertaken by Guillermo del Toro at this point in his career. I'm a huge fan of his work. Pan's Labyrinth and the Hellboy films are among my personal favorites. Anime fanatics who are familiar with Neon Genesis Evangelion will be quick to notice the striking resemblance to some of the "mecha" (giant robots) featured in the movie, but the similarity ends there. Although the majority of big-budgeted Hollywood movies that have been released over the years were derived from comic books, classic cartoons or novels with a solid fan base, this film is a cut above the rest. Del Toro took a risk and created his own version of "Transformers" far relieved from Michael Bay's commercial-like robots and in all honesty,he just might give him a run for his money. In a not-so-distant future where giant beasts or "Kaiju" wreak havoc in major cities across the globe, our only fighting chance of defeating these creatures is through the Jaeger Program. The giant robots aptly called "Jaeger" are driven by two pilots where it's controlled simultaneously by melding their minds through a neural bridge. I'm not going into further detail but they completely redefined what "drifting" means. Other countries have joined the Jaeger Program including China, Russia and Japan but Australia's Striker Eureka and USA's Gypsy Danger were given more screen time. The intense battle scenes between the Jaegers and several types of Kaiju are almost surreal. I don't even know why they have to reboot "Godzilla" when this film just showed us several versions of his ilk. There was one particular scene when the Kaiju decided to take off with his bat-inspired wings and Gypsy Danger have no other choice but to shift into Voltron-mode wielding an enormous sword while suspended in outer space ( I guess they're trying to pay tribute to the classic Japanese anime).Charlie Hunnam was the perfect choice to play Raleigh Becket, a Jaeger pilot with a rebellious streak and the film's main protagonist. Becket's new co-pilot Mako Mori portrayed by Rinko Kikuchi played her part well despite her English sounding more like Japanese. However, she compensated for it with her remarkable Kendo fighting skills. Idris Elba who played Stacker Pentecost,leader of the Jaeger program delivered his part exceptionally well and steals every scene he's in. Even "Hellboy" star Ron Perlman had a small role as Hannibal Chau, a black market dealer for everything Kaiju-related. The remaining cast did what was expected from their respective roles. There's so much visual feast in this movie to revel in for fans of the genre and for the average moviegoer looking for a more satisfying cinematic experience. After watching a plethora of blockbuster movies in IMAX 3D, I have to say Pacific Rim is a standalone film that will captivate you from start to finish.
평점: 8	리뷰: First off, Del Toro is a visual director,that is fact.In this movie he steps into a level all his own. At face level this movie was a Mech versus monster movie and that's what it is. The underlying stories are not bad,they aren't done as well as they perhaps should have. The underlying story may not come out as effectively as some people may expect but that does not distract from the overall fun factor. This movie has a good level of comic relief especially from Ron Perlmans' character. There are some pretty strong characters too, Idis Elba for example is his usual brilliant self as stacker and Ron Perlman as Hannibal Chow is genuinely funny. Overall this is a very good action film, if you appreciate action, give up an hour and a half or so of your time and you won't be disappointed.
평점: 8	리뷰: I'll keep the review short. This movie has all of the things required to make a big fun summer movie. I can give you two reason why you should watch this movie in the big screen. Robots and monsters. Robots beating the crap out of monsters and vice versa is something you don't see a lot in movies these days. Guillermo Del Toro really did bring the best of both worlds from Japanese monsters and from the robots. Visual effects here are awesome and I recommend seeing it in 3D cause it really shows more depth to the visualization. The only thing that bothered me in the movie is the two scientists. They're pretty annoying and when they need to tell something important and I couldn't really understand what they're saying. All in all you need to see this now and this movie has a lot of potential for a trilogy.
평점: 4	리뷰: I had great expectations for this movie based primarily on the fact that Guillermo del Toro was in charge. While his influence is obvious in that the visuals and design are impressive, there is nothing new here in terms of the plot or script. Anyone who has seen The Avengers, Cloverfield, Godzilla and Real Steel has basically seen this movie's main ideas on screen already, all of them are combined in Pacific Rim but in this case the whole is a lot less than the sum of this parts. I watched this in IMAX and the visual effects were well suited to the format, however, the destruction of cities and fights with giant robots are not enough to carry the film. Idris Elba does an admirable job with a limited script but the remainder of the characters are as clichéd as they come with the two academics, Gottlieb and Newton, being particularly irritating.While I give this a score of 4 stars these are for the visual effects and not the jaded, threadbare plot.
평점: 10	리뷰: I have been following this movie for a while now. Largely because of the two main actors Charlie Hunnam and Idris Elba and I have to say I was not disappointed at all. Watched it in 3D (I have always strayed away from 3D before because I just didn't think it was worth spending the extra cash) but this time I do not regret my choice at all. It was a visual feast.Action was on point. The story flowed well (this is a blockbuster after all, we aren't going to compare it to an art house film). For me the actors embraced their roles very well and the visuals were magnificent (thank god once again for the 3D). Everything just felt right!Being familiar with Guillermo's past work I would say this is his best yet. His imagination is wicked. So if you are looking for great entertainment and a little something to wow you, this is the movie for you. Bravo. Two thumbs up.
평점: 7	리뷰: after watching Pacific Rim premiere in theatre actually the premise of the movie is pretty much the cliché one...a world apocalypse. what was made it different from another American film is the concept of "giant robot" with similar synchronization control with a certain famous japan robot animation and the Japanese concept of big monster vs big robot.the graphic, the robot , the action is in the top tier. i can't argue that this film is the orgasm drug for robot and machine hardcore fans and geek, it delivers the mean of showing you enjoyable action with giant robot who punch and got punched with big monster named "Kaiju".although it has a awesome CG action, and actually a good storyline....., but it's a shame that this film still has some wasted potential in it. the setting of the world, some characterization (especially at another pilot), tension building, useless character and, the prolonged flashback, and some wasted scene, are still in it and with a shame...this film get a "C" Point for the first, second and third factor.anyway it's the film which better watched with 3D for the impact, because the story didn't really have any twist and surprise in it...... and the tension in top of that.give it a score 7/10
평점: 8	리뷰: "The Pacific line" is very pleased with me as a summer blockbuster. Similar premiere last year only disappointing at best just left a good impression. Recall the "Battleship" with a great start and sunken finale. "Oblivion" was worthy of a fantasy, but without claiming to be religious. I can not believe that the script for the "turn of the Pacific" was written by Travis Beacham, who also labored over the "Battle of the Titans", where the actual battle of the titans I never saw. I saw a real battle today, where huge robots fighting with monstrous monsters from a parallel universe. That's really the scale!From the first frame of the movie is steeped in history which began the extermination of humanity. There are no mysteries with a spectacular appearance in "Godzilla." All at once simple and clear. Elaborate figures as monsters and robots are staggering. Contractions are varied and unpredictable. The brain is not overloaded due to blurred shots when the huge devastation. Highly developed and detailed interiors, detailed drawing of the robot-rangers. From the point of view of all the pictures are just perfect.Also, the story does not disappoint. In principle, most of the predictable, but Guillermo del Toro tried to make the audience does not get bored while watching. That was it. Really looks the same breath. The acting for the sci-fi movie with a plot very worthy.Music sets the mood for epic. You feel the imminent end of humanity. In general, an adequate response to the recent zombie apocalypse.8 out of 10P.S. Most worried about the Japanese girl with the red shoes.
평점: 9	리뷰: Just got back from an opening day screening of Pacific Rim and to begin with i have to say i was satisfied with what i saw. This movie is arguably the movie that i have been anticipating most for this year (maybe even more than Man of Steel of Iron Man 3), for the fact that this is totally some fresh idea in Hollywood for a long while. Now to the movie itself, in terms of action, it was totally satisfying and even more than that. It started right off with a Kaiju and Jaeger battle that more than delivered, and subsequently, more fights came on with increasing level of awesomeness, and well paced out so it does not make us ask ourselves when are all these fighting gonna end? (hint: Transformers 3). Guillermo del Toro certainly is good in coming up with fresh and dope ideas, like the plasma cannon and having the Typhoon with 3 arms and turning bodies. It was totally unexpected ways of fighting from the Jaeger that made me very happy, rather than just the punch and kick and shoot rockets like i imagined before going into the theater. Action wise, i rated this higher than the Transformers franchise (with part 1 arguably an exception), and Battleship or Godzilla. Special mention to the IMAX version, if you don't mind paying the extra, then go for the IMAX, it will be crazy :) In terms of heart, this movie certainly did delivered as well. The director said himself the movie is about humans, and it certainly was. With all the awesome fighting mentioned, i still felt that it was only an icing to the cake, rather a bonus to a well shown relationships between the Commander and Mako, as well as the father and son in Striker Eureka. It was the humans that made the Jaegers. At the end of the day, the film succeeded in making me believe that this is humanity fighting back, but not the robots. Now to the weaker part, i felt that some parts of the movie needed a bit more development, and also the movie will certainly do better with a better male lead. In the beginning of the 2nd act, they totally didn't brought me with why Becket has to return. I mean why didn't they come and find him in the 5 years in between? Next up, one line is all it takes to change his mind over such catastrophic incidents? Throughout the whole movie, i felt like Becket was just simply...there, he didn't shine, he didn't provide the sparks he could have. Idris Alba and Rinko did a better job for me, it was believable display from them. All in all, if you go in the theater wanting for some pure entertainment to relieve stress, and maybe a bit of smile on your face over the heart of the story, Pacific Rim is perfect for this weekend.
평점: 8	리뷰: Only one word can describe Pacific Rim, and that is "Wow!". It got everything I need in a robot vs monster movie except one thing, which otherwise would make it a perfect movie.The movie got huge robots and huge monsters (that's obvious). It got great CGI, great robot vs monster fighting sequences, a surprisingly quite good story (which should be expected in a Guillermo del Toro movie, but which I didn't expect much at first in this kind of movie), rocket punch, Portal game's GlaDOS voice, and it even got (borrowing the term from Voltus V anime) the "Tenkuu ken"! How awesome it is! But, as I said before, it is missing something. Something very important.== Warning: this part may contain spoiler ==Because Guillermo himself said that he wanted to "honor" the kaiju and mecha genres (while creating an original stand-alone film), and because he also said (in one of the promotional featurette videos) that he was influenced by Japanese big robot anime of his time like "Tetsujin 28", and also because one of the promotional posters featured a Japanese jaeger called "Coyote Tango", the absence of a Japanese jaeger really bothers me. I would give this movie a perfect ten stars if it shows even one sequence of a Japanese robot kicking a kaiju's ass, and not just featuring one Tokyo scene and two Japanese actresses. I personally think that Guillermo should at least give a nod to Japanese mecha anime genre. But no, Coyote Tango was not in the movie, so I take out two stars out of this movie.
평점: 8	리뷰: "Pacific Rim" is a highly explosive, exhilarating, exuberant, energetic, and exciting hell of a ride. When I saw the trailers, I knew the action sequences would be massive in scale, but the film just blew me away because the scale was just incredibly enormous. Every action sequence in this film was just mind-blowing. Unlike "Transformers", this movie has a real sensible plot. Giant monsters (known as Kaijus) are the extraterrestrial beings that are currently ravaging Earth. However, they don't come from above the atmosphere, instead they come from beneath us. A portal in the bottom of the ocean serves as the method of transport these Kaijus use to reach us. These Kaijus are arriving one by one, and as they do, they increase in size. They're so massive in size (I reckon they're bigger than Godzilla) and the amount of destruction they cause is just indescribable. But the humans don't stand around doing nothing. They build their own monsters, gigantic robots known as Jaegars, which are controlled simultaneously by two pilots whose minds are locked by a neural bridge. This allows them to synchronize their movements. However, despite these mighty Jaegers, the seemingly bright future for the humans turn dim as they begin to lose the war against the Kaijus. All of this was clearly covered in the prologue, quickly but properly. Now that seems like a basic plot, but I can tell you that there's actually more than that and the story is deeper than it looks from the outside. "Pacific Rim" provides sensible explanations for the phenomenons that occurred in the film. Now I'm not a genius or a scientist, but the explanation is logical. The characters. Our protagonist is Raleigh Becket. He's had a bad time after his partner and older brother Yancy died in a battle against a Kaiju before. But he's recruited by Marshal Stacker Pentecost to pilot one of the four remaining Jaegers. His new partner is Mako Mori, a Japanese girl who wants to be a pilot to avenge the death of her family. Becket's and Mori's Jaeger is the American-made Gypsy Heart. The cast behind the characters were great too. Charlie Hunnam was terrific as Raleigh. Idris Elba gave a commanding performance as Stacker. Rinko Kikuchi rocked as Mako Mori. The chemistry between Hunnam and Kikuchi was excellent too. But I have to give special credit to Ron Perlman (who previously played in del Toro's "Hellboy" films) as the black marketeer Hannibal Chau who makes a living by dealing with Kaiju organs. He has style and charisma. I also loved Burn Gorman and Charlie Day as Dr. Hermann Gottlieb and Dr. Newton Geizler, respectively. Their chemistry was absolutely perfect and these two were just amazing. The visual effects were undoubtedly incredible. Everything was mind-blowing and the gigantic scale of the action sequences allows you to be fully immersed into the scene. And the sets were extremely magnificent and glorious. I did not feel any sense of boredom when I was watching this film. Even the drama scenes were enjoyable too. The scenes where explanations were uncovered were exciting too and the music is a prominent part of this. Guillermo del Toro also did a great job in his directing because I gradually became supportive of the Jaegers and every time they fought, I rooted for them to win. I became immersed into the movie. Every time a Jaeger was in trouble, I was rooting for them to get back up and fight back again. I wanted them to smash the Kaijus to pieces. "Pacific Rim" is just simply awesome. Now, it may not be for everyone, but if you love action, giant monsters, and giant robots, you'll definitely love this. Or if you're just trying to have some fun, watch this. It's got both brains and brawn. Rating: 9/10Final Verdict: "Pacific Rim" is an amazing and explosive ride that is plenty of fun to watch, accompanied with dazzling visuals and a coherent plot.
평점: 9	리뷰: Pacific Rim takes inspiration from the elements of any material that involves giant creatures and robots. It shows a simple concept about piloted robots, Jaegers, fighting against sea aliens, Kaijus. This idea alone would already make a fantastic blockbuster. The surprise we get is it features more than just endless explosions. There are plenty of innovations to root for which it can almost be a new popular classic. The only less intriguing parts however are the clichés that are too known in many big sci-fi action movies. Despite of that, it kept the promise of being gigantically awesome. It's not completely groundbreaking, but it's still quite an experience.Aside from the large scale battles, the film amazingly creates an innovating futuristic alternate universe. It tells the origins of the Kaijus and how the Jaegers work, shows what society and the media have become, and throw some satires of the genre. The exploration of the vision is so absorbing, it feels like you went to it as a trip. But what somewhat halts this from being larger than life is when it takes the generic elements of any typical blockbuster, like the hero's motivations, the main robot is somehow an underdog in one scene, there's an arrogant team member, sacrifices, and so on. It's hard to not notice them since they are the central points of the story. The intriguing stuff about the Jaegers and Kaijus still took over the experience. At least it embraces its own fantasy tastes without being "dark" and emo like today's blockbuster trend.Charlie Hunnam's performance is fitting to a graphic novel based movie, which is kind of appropriate as his role. In the battle scenes, he gives genuine human emotions as he punches and fall. Idris Elba remarkably brings heart to the picture while being awesome at the same time. Rinko Kikuchi makes her character more than just a partner of Raleigh. Charlie Day and Burn Gorman delightfully serves more energy to the story, while Ron Perlman appears in a short screen time but satisfying enough.Now the real highlight of the picture, the visuals are overall shiny and snazzy. The designs of the creatures and robots are palpably marvelous. As the special effects move these heavy giants, the action did something better than just blowing up stuff. Although explosions and loud noises are not actually flaws(It's about giant robots, c'mon!), but a real good set piece needs a decent and genuine fortitude. In the midst of the noises, you will always get the sense of danger to the Jaegers, mostly because there are human pilots beneath the ravaging machines. It effectively made those sequences electrifying and the monsters terrifying than you would expect.Pacific Rim will have its own fans. It feels like a self-indulged blockbuster that people will end up loving. Besides, this film is said to be Guillermo del Toro's dream come true coming from his childhood. And seeing all that, there's plenty of things to explore and to be intrigued. If only the plot can break some points from the mainstream storytelling, it would have been less predictable and much extraordinary. But physically, it is extraordinary. It's both big and eye candy which is the snazziest merit you will see. Also in the action scenes where it's more into the thrills than the fireworks, because it's all about iron fists hitting on monsters' face. Again, the story may be familiar, but the setting and the action keeps everything looks fresh and amazing.
평점: 6	리뷰: I saw this on Tuesday and had little expectations. I suppose the best comparison I could make is the same expectations that I had with Battleship, except more depth (because it was directed by Del Toros).I found the characters clichéd and wafer thin. I found a lot of dialogue equally clichéd and corny. The special effects were superb, but a lot of the fight scenes were in the dark and (particularly in the sea) I found it hard to follow fights.I also found the humour a little bit thrown together (as opposed to being part of the story). In the original transformers movie, I think it had a charming humour that made it more fun then this movie.I didn't care for the characters (in fact, by far the best character only had a few mins on screen time) and the actor I really looked forward to didn't really have a character I enjoyed or cared about (and his speech about the apocalypse wasn't really that inspiring).I gave it 6/10 because despite these flaws it passed the time away and I didn't come out hating it. I just felt it could of been so much more. Its unfair to compare a directors previous movies that are completely different, but Del Toros can tell good stories, create brilliant worlds and have lovable characters. I felt this movie was really lacking in story and character.
평점: 6	리뷰: How do you make the perfect summer movie? I'm not just talking about the best action movie, or the best summer comedy, just the perfect summer movie. Some would say lots of explosions, while others may say a good love story will always do the trick. Every year all the studios aim to release a movie that you will want to see, their idea of that great summer movie. Well I think Guillermo del Toro has figured it out, Robots Vs. Monsters.I know it can't be that simple, since we already had a Cowboys and Aliens that didn't live up to expectations, but for me "Pacific Rim" really is. We have always looked to the stars for where we thought visitors might arrive on our planet one day. But, what if they come from deep within our oceans? That is the question "Pacific Rim" poses. Creatures called "Kaiju" have attacked the coastal cities in the Pacific. They start in San Francisco, and then attack cities like Manila, and Cabo. After conventional weapons have little effect, the world's governments decide the only way to fight monsters, is to build monsters of their own. The "Jaeger Program" is born, where giant robots are built to fight for mankind. Each Jaeger is controlled by two pilots, who control each hemisphere in the Jaeger. The Jaegers become mankind's best weapon against the "Kaiju" and their only way to save the planet. This is what "Transformers" could have been, if del Toro had been at the helm instead of Michael Bay. While Bay has always been a visual director, he just does not have the complete package like del Toro. This movie has something for everyone, but above all it is just fun to watch. It is a big and loud, and one of those movies that are made to be seen on the biggest screen you can find. For everything that is wrong with summer movies like "After Earth" and "The Lone Ranger" this movie gets it right. This is not a movie that is going to get praised for its great story, even though it has a decent one. The main selling point is "come see this movie and you get to see giant robots and monsters beat the crap out of each other." I mean really after that what more do you need? I went in expecting to see one of the best movies of the summer and walked out not thinking any different. The performances for the most part are not anything special, except for every time Idris Elba is on the screen. Given the best dialogue, including a speech any football coach would love, Elba just commands your attention. In a world where sequels rule, we should embrace originally. I mean didn't we say all we needed to say with the original "Grown Ups"? Do we really need another? I say this weekend when you go to the movies see "Pacific Rim". It's like sequels are the "Kaiju" and this is your chance to command a Jaeger and to tell the world you are tired of all the "Kaiju". And if you can, see it 'IMAX' big, because this movie doesn't do anything small.Brian Taylor http://the2cinemen.blogspot.com/
평점: 2	리뷰: I have never taken the time to write a review, but on this occasion I feel a duty to other movie goers who may read some of the glowing reviews of this movie here and wonder if they are watching another movie and been duped.I have been an avid sci-fi, space, alien, etc fan for 30+ years and I've watched a LOT of movies, some good some not so good.This movie was weak in acting, storyline and plot. Americans doing Australian accents and Aussies doing American accents.. Seriously. It was groan worthy with some of the bad acting and clichés and had us watching the time for when this travesty would be ended and we could leave. We even debated getting up and walking out with 40 mins to go. Sure it had some nice cg effects but overall this is a cheap rental movie at best.I implore you, do NOT waste your money and time at the cinema no matter what these other reviews are having you believe.
평점: 7	리뷰: Words could not describe how excited I was for Pacific Rim. Yes, it was a blockbuster about giant robots fighting giant monsters, but between Del Toro directing and all the early praise it was receiving from critics and filmmakers alike I went into the early screening extremely giddy. I'm sorry to say I didn't leave the theatre with the same enthusiasm.In 2013 a wormhole known as "The Breach" connected our world with another, letting monsters known as "Kaiju" invade earth. Millions of people were killed and entire cities were levelled After years of defeat in the war against the Kaiju the governments of the world joined together and developed "Jaegers", giant fighting robots sort of Mighty Morphing Power Rangers meets Gundam. We pick up in the year 2025 with the Jaeger program failing as bigger and deadlier Kaiju are coming out of the Breach. With not much time left the governments call together the last of the Jaegers for one last final showdown in Hong Kong.I really wanted to like this movie. In fact I wanted to love it but I didn't. For the opening 30 minutes I was really into it, the quick news flash wrap up of the Kaijus first landing and the invention of Jaegers led me to believe this movie was going in a different direction than the trailer showed and I deeply wanted it to. Since there was so much praise for this film, there had to be more to it, right?There wasn't. Everything plot-wise was given away in the trailer. The only thing that trailer didn't show was the bad dialogue and over-the-top acting (arguable). There is lots of intentional comedy, which worked fine, but the rest was the bad kind of cheesy; the kind where you can't tell if they made a mistake or not. While I'm sure people are going to tell me it was intentional I can't say that it being intentional really makes it better in this case. I'm a huge fan of that meta/self-aware style but only when they use it to say something, to drive their theme or message home and I can assure you the overall message in Pacific Rim was not driven forward by ironic poorly delivered dialogue.Despite the overall negative tone of this review I actually ended up having plenty of fun with the film and I will say that it is an awesome monster movie. The overall production was quite a marvel to watch. The visuals are breathtaking and the soundtrack/sound design compliments the visuals masterfully. There is no doubt that Del Toro has left his visual signature all over this film. The soundtrack wasn't a bunch of dubstep noises either, which was one of my only concerns going into the film originally. There was actual score and it built up the emotion of the scenes better than most of the actors did. I would say that this film is highly enjoyable,as long as you don't go in expecting more - which I will admit is difficult if you've read any early discussions on the film.I put most of the blame on myself. I'm sure if I didn't hype this movie, and didn't read all the early praises I would have had a much better time with it. That's why I'm giving this film a decent rating, since I firmly believe it's my fault for not being in the right state of mind. The way people were reacting made me expect that this would be more than the trailer, more depth to it, you know? Pacific Rim is a stunning mindless action film, but in the end that's all it is; a mindless action film. I guess it's my fault for expecting more.I can't stress how much I wanted to love this film enough. I REALLY love Guillermo's work however this just didn't do it for me. I'm sure this movie will find its audience and I'm also sure my review will get ripped apart by his fans. I'm definitely looking forward to seeing it again in a different mindset. I think I'll like it more the second time. Our Rating: 7.0/10Let me know on Twitter @thejoshl what you thought of Pacific Rim!More reviews at themoviebloggers.com.
평점: 8	리뷰: I just got home from seeing Pacific Rim, and I have to say that it was a pretty good movie. It wasn't fantastic, but it wasn't a disappointment either. As expected, the special effects were stunning. I thought the robots were extremely well done and looked really awesome. The fight scenes with the monsters were also exceptional. Even if the monsters look similar to other movies (Cloverfield) they were still visually appealing. The plot was straightforward as one would expect, and it had few twists. However, a movie of this kind is not expected to have a superior plot full of surprises. Pacific Rim is meant to provide the viewers with 2+ hours of pure entertainment, which I can say it did.I did have a problem with some of the movie being cliché. I won't give any specifics, but some of the parts have been seen in countless other movies. In my opinion, though, the interesting concept and special effects more than made up for the platitudes. I thought the acting was solid but not exceptional. Rinko Kikuchi bothered me a little bit, but I think it was her character rather than her who I disliked. Overall, I'd definitely recommend this movie to anyone who likes action movies or end-of-the- world films. It obviously won't win an Oscar, but it accomplished what it set out to do.I'd give it a 8/10.
평점: 10	리뷰: Just watched the film last night before the actual premiere. And the opening scene was just purely sick! There was a voice-over dialog but the action was fast-paced and direct to the point. I predicted there would be a "failed-mission" type of part that will happen for the main character to rise from his past.The movie also had short human action scenes in the soldiers' training but it was also a good one. What I liked most was that the Jaegers and Kaijus were superbly and realistically designed. I was shaking at the edge of my seat because of the intense battle scenes. There were also some kind of a twist, but not really a major change-up on the flow of the movie but I literally shouted "WHOOOA!!!" inside the cinema. Good thing the music volume was also rising that time.Too bad the Gypsy Danger was the only one emphasized of its abilities in action but the other robots in the different posters were, well, lesser in exposure. But it was good enough though. I recommend everyone should watch this. It's very, very, worth it. But you should be prepared for the 50,000 tons of madness action that you will never, ever forget.I give this one a shining 10/10
평점: 8	리뷰: I just watched Pacific Rim on the first day/time slot of premiere in 3D. Yes, I am a geek. But that is not the whole point. If you had the excitement of watching anime movies of robots vs monsters in childhood, this is perfect movie for you. The Kaiju monsters design reminds me of Godzilla's villain monsters combined with Cloverfield monster, xenomorph (Aliens), and TRON. As for the Jeager robots, I'll let you to decide whether they are good or very good. :)To watch this movie I needed to change my mindset to be like a 10 ten year old robot geek child, like 29 years ago. Because if not, you will feel a lot of question marks and disappointment through this movie. The story is quite predictable. The plot and pace are simple enough for children to understand. And the nerd and geek professor appearances are a bit annoying for me. But hey, that what is all about: to celebrate the childhood memory of robots vs monsters.Overall, the movie is great for robot vs monsters anime fans. It's not even close to that horrible Michael Bay's Transformers.
평점: 7	리뷰: I don't know what to say actually but lets say "AMAZING EXPERIENCE" on this movie. I love a battle to save the world. This movie is kicked ass. I wish I can see another series like this, but this time it would be more robots from around the world, as well as stronger story. I want to watch it again because this movie was too fast to understand right away. I need to watch it again so that I going to like it more. As far as no; story, fights, and the robots are not enough. I need more. The idea of this movie was really good. Bring out all the nostalgic when we were a kid and watching the "Power Ranger" with a giant robots etc. So, maybe that is the only "kick" of this movie so far. Please release the director's cut for this movie!! And I wish it will be a better one.
평점: 10	리뷰: I literally could not stop myself from writing this review. There's  just so much to talk about, I don't know where to begin...but let's  just get this out of the way...  PACIFIC RIM IS A 5 OUT OF FREAKIN' 5.  Guillermo Del Toro, you deserve a standing ovation. From an unbiased,  stand-alone movie point of view, this film does an incredible job of  being exciting from beginning to end, while still developing an awesome  back story and character depth.   Charlie Hunnan (of Sons of Anarchy fame) solidifies himself as a good,  respectable action movie star, but Idris Elba CRUSHES his role, and  steals every scene he's in. Solid acting all-around, much better than  what you might expect from an action movie like this.   THE ACTION IS TOP-OF-THE-LINE. What is there to compare this  to...Transformers? Transformers WISHES IT COULD HOLD A CANDLE TO  PACIFIC RIM WHEN IT COMES TO EPIC-CGI-ACTION SEQUENCES. Every hit,  every explosion, every gut-wrenching Kaiju kill is a work of art. A new  gold standard has been set.  VISUALS AND GRAPHICS ARE OUT OF THIS WORLD. THIS MOVIE DESERVES THE  IMAX 3D TREATMENT. THIS MOVIE DESERVES TO BE PART OF YOUR BLU-RAY  COLLECTION. THIS MOVIE DESERVES TO BE VIEWED ON 9 BIG-SCREEN TVS  STACKED ON YOUR LIVING ROOM WALL. Do not cheat yourself by simply doing  2D on this one.   OK, now the nerd-out part of this review. If you are a nerd in any way,  shape or form, then this movie is for you. And if you're an anime nerd,  then this is your favorite movie ever. EVER.  The inspirations from and references to Godzilla are obvious, but  you're very likely to notice influences from several different sources.  Anime fan? Then I dare you to not see the nods to Big O, Neon Genesis  Evangelion, Gundam, or even Gurren Lagaan. That female computer voice  sound familiar? Maybe that's because it's the voice actress of GLaDoS,  from the motherf*cking Portal games. Your inner nerd won't know what to  freak out over more.  5 out of 5, gold star, thumbs up, A++, 100%, NOW STOP READING THIS AND  GO SEE IT!!!
평점: 4	리뷰: Saw the movie yesterday evening and I must say, going in with minimal expectations, these expectations were fully met.. I was pretty disappointed...The story is paper thin (although built up nicely) and the performances of the actors flat as a pancake.Perhaps I am still holding on to my childhood years when I saw movies like Labyrinth, Dark Crystal, Never Ending Story and never been so engulfed in a movie ever since. But the Rim was a movie I just couldn't get into at all. Yes, the special effects were great and all that, but it just didn't reach me and tug the ol' heart strings. No goose bumps like when watching the first Iron Man and no perplexed amazement like watching The Matrix for the first time.All in all..I want the 130 minutes of my life back I spent watching this movie..Harsh? You decide yourself when watching this movie..
평점: 7	리뷰: One of summer's most anticipated movies is finally here, Del toro's Pacific Rim. This is a movie little boys imagine when they are young, playing in their sandbox. It's quite easy to see why Del Toro was attracted to such a film. It clearly shows in this film and I don't think many directors could handle a film such as this with such love and dedication to their craft. Del Toro really knows what audiences want. So is Pacific Rim his best film? No defiantly not, not even close. Is it at least a great film? No it's not. Pacific Rim however is entertainment at it's finest. It's difficult for me to rate a film like this . Pacific Rim has flaws. The human characters are pretty much awful, and the movie is cheesy as hell. I must also say 3 characters in this movie were probably some of the worst characters I have ever seen in a film. The main female, and the two scientists were just awful. However the real star of this film is the giant robots and the evil monsters. Del Toro knows how to entertain an audience and by god does he do it here. The action is fantastic and does not get to crazy like some Transformers movies do. This is the type of movie where you need to have your brain off and just be entertained. If you hate movies like this, then don't even bother checking this out, but if you have watched similar films and enjoyed them, then you will be all over this. Pacific Rim manages to be original and familiar at the same time. However because of Del Toro's fantastic direction and storytelling it's easy to overlook Pacific Rim's failures. This one redeems the mediocre summer films. Rating: on a film reviewers scale i would say 7.5 out of 10. However it's Del Toro i'm biased and above all rounding up to a solid 8 out of 10. Final Rating: 8 out of 10
평점: 7	리뷰: This is my first time to watch Guillermo del Torro's directions experience on high-digital movies. Watching Pacific Rim is like watching Japanese's robotic movies, despite of its technical performances. The origin story is quite original, coming from ideas of monsters coming under our world, human world and the emergence of a hero, very big hero, to destroy them. On the view of technical performances, nothing but big, huge, and robotics. I can't imagine how genius is Guillermo del Torro to manage his art team. But that's great job! Viewers can feel the feel of being a monster itself, being a big creature. That's why I can't recommend this film on DVD. My last review touches the story and actors. The story is smooth-shocking viewers, but the ending is romantic, as always :) On this movie, we find some new coming actors, but within them, there are several action actors, so we can also watch some actions as defined on our imagination. Thank you Guillermo del Torro!
평점: 10	리뷰: It is my sincere hope that this movie proves to be a huge hit, because that will mean we'll get more live-action anime adaptations from Hollywood! Why do I say this? Because Pacific Rim isn't a direct adaption of any one particle anime series, but rather, a homage to the entire genre as a whole. And all of this from the man who brought Hellboy to the big screen, no less! That said, the Human element in this was a little weak, the romance felt a little forced, and some characters felt too large for life. Case in point, in a movie that features 300ft robots and monsters duking it out and wrecking entire cities in their wake, the only element that felt really too excessive was Charlie Day's performance as the science fellow. The whole effect, ultimately, was the feeling of a comic book, but then again, this is exactly what the director intended, and exactly what we, the viewer, should expect. As you may have guessed by now, I'm a huge geek for anime, manga, kaiju films, and Japanese culture in general, so this movie was everything I could have wanted, and then some! That is why I encourage you all to check it out! In the mean time, I'll be biding my time until another Japanese monster star makes a well-earned and highly anticipated return to the big screen next year. Until then, this is ugyenpeljor signing out.
평점: 1	리뷰: I can't say much about this movie that I wastefully just spent money on, except that it was visually pretty good. The story was written by a 5 year old. The Reasons plot lines happen in the movie was so that a cheap answer to them could be made with cool visual effects. So other than cgi, Its just cheap plain and simple. If I was 5 years old I would probably love it, but then again, I was pretty dumb then and had no idea of what the good writing of a story actually was. Sorry, I am very critical, but if you are going to spend millions making a movie, why would you spend ten dollars writing the story of it? Doesn't make sense to me.
평점: 8	리뷰: I had certain expectations going into Pacific Rim – I just wanted to see giant robots (known as Jaeger in the movie) and giant monsters (known as Kaiju in the movie) fight. I wasn't going to mind if the characters were meaningless vessels solely to move the story along as long as the giant action scenes were done correctly, because that's what this movie is for. If I were to give you the plot of this movie I would tell you the only thing that matters is the action, and if you go into this movie with the same expectations as me, you're going to get exactly what you bargained for.Guillermo del Toro directs this film and he does a great job at making every single action scene seem huge. Every hit in the movie packs a punch, and a hard one at that. The Jaeger vs. Kaiju battles do not disappoint in the slightest and are helped hugely by the great special effects work. The CGI in the film is top notch and makes every high- octane scene that much more intense. Not to mention the sets that the actors are in inside of the Jaeger are practical. The fact that they took the time to build sets for the actors instead of just putting them in front of a green screen is something to appreciate, and adds to the film's realism.The Kaiju are so interesting to look at, from the effects work yes, but also out of the different designs of each one. Some of them walk, some swim, and some fly but they all look fantastic. Seriously, I couldn't help smiling seeing these things battle, it's everything the inner child in me could want. It's completely over the top, but everything in this movie is, right down to the script and acting.Charlie Hunnam stars as our main protagonist and, although not awful, he definitely wasn't anything memorable. Anyone could have played his character. There were only 2 standouts in this movie to me – Idris Elba and Charlie Day. Elba brought a presence of force and power that the movie obviously needs, but is also the most human out of all the mostly hollow characters. Also, that guy's mustache is awesome. Just look at that thing. If I had a list of favorite mustaches, his would be towards the top. But, in my opinion, Charlie Day steals the whole movie. Maybe it's just because I'm a fan of his, but I absolutely loved every time his character was on screen. He was hilarious, but he also served as an important part of the story. That being said, whenever the movie focused on any other characters it slowed down for me because I didn't care about them as much. Luckily, the two get a lot of screen time to balance it out.Honestly, there's not much more to say about Pacific Rim. The film follows up with exactly what it advertises – giant, incredible action. A more refined human element would have been appreciated (and if the movie had it, it would be phenomenal), but the movie is entertaining enough in its action to look past that. When it comes down to it, this movie is just a damn fun time.Pacific Rim - 4/5
평점: 8	리뷰: Giant monster vs giant robot blockbuster movie? sounds that it will be somekind of a transformers movie. Wait... it's directed by Guillermo Del Toro? I should consider to watch this because this could be AWESOME. And my decision was right to watch this, money and time well spent, this movie is a lot of fun. The characters were good, the acting was also quite well done, and don't even ask about the action? It's Spectacular! Well actually to be honest some of the actors were kind of over the top, but that's actually quite make sense. The action was not like transformers, it's very much better. This comes from a director can actually frame the action up, unlike Michael Bay that just puts action and action and explosions and we don't even know what's happening in the movie because it's not well done. Don't even dare to compare this to Transformers, because comparing Pacific Rim to Transformers is like comparing Jurassic Park to Theodore Rex. One of the best things about the movie is it's not just action, the characters are also important and interesting in this movie. We do care about the characters. Only very few directors that can pull this kind of movie off, this just proves how good Guillermo Del Toro is, as a director.
평점: 9	리뷰: I have been eagerly awaiting the release of Pacific Rim for many months, after being able to see it I can say that the movie was (surprise) fantastic. The fights were visually impressive, the sets were detailed and gritty, the costume designs were good, and the plot wasn't bad (which was what I was afraid of). The movie is very enjoyable, however I will say it did have some flaws that kept it from being the perfect movie I had hoped for. I will list the flaws first, so that way I can end my review with all of the positives.The Pacing: In all honestly this should've been two or three movies. The movie throws many concepts at the audience and yet it never goes fully in depth with any of them (save for a few that are vital to the plot). In one of the scenes a guy is being chased by a kaiju due to an experiment, however it isn't explained fully why the kaiju is chasing him. Another scene (spoiler) shows that one of the kaijus is pregnant. I was expecting that this would lead to capturing one of the babies (which was a goal that the main scientist wanted at the beginning) or possibly this would allow people to actually control a kaiju much like a jaeger. However the baby kaiju are used for nothing other than a little bit of comedy and as a plot device to add some tension.There are many things in this movie which would've been interesting if expanded on. I understand that this movie was kind of a risk, so I know that they couldn't make three movies, however there are a lot of ideas that are important to the plot, yet are only on screen for several minutes. Such as the after effects of being in The Drift alone. What are the side-effects? Why do they occur? What kind of emotional trauma can it do to a person? Other questions such as: how come the "coastal wall" is brought up so briefly and then it disappears very quickly? This movie is full of "unfinished" concepts. My last gripe about the pacing revolves around the extra pilots. The movie establishes that there were a lot of jaegers, and it shows a large cast of pilots. It would've been very interesting to have gotten to see each jaeger in action more and for character interaction with the other pilots. However, if the movie had all of the character interaction that I wanted then it would easily have been a 4 hour long movie.Clichés: I won't lie, this movie does have a bunch of clichés in it. Being cliché isn't always a bad thing, and this movie is actually able to use clichés to its advantage. For people who don't read mangas, watch anime, or watch old Godzilla movies; they probably won't understand that some of the irrational behavior of the characters are typical in mangas and anime. This gives the movie a sort of "real life anime" feeling which very few movies have ever been able to accomplish. Some people will see this as stupid, and others will enjoy it. I enjoyed it for the most part.The Positives: Visuals: This movie must be seen in 3D. I saw Avatar, How to Train Your Dragon, The Avengers and many other movies in 3D and this movie takes the grand prize for the best use of 3D I have ever seen. The movie is just simply gorgeous to look at, and it is obvious that a lot of work and talent went into making this movie look fantastic. The water effects are extremely realistic and everything IS JUST SO COOL TO WATCH!!! The very first battle was one of the most amazing fight scenes I have ever seen (I actually smiled in the movie theater during every fight scene... it is a very good looking movie).I will go on a little bit more about the visuals. The kaiju themselves are very well designed. Each one is unique from the others and seems to fill its own niche. Some have blades for a head, some fly, others are like giant gorillas etc. and each one is just as entertaining to watch as the next. The jaegers are very nice looking as well, however the movie doesn't spend as much time as I would've liked on the other jaegers. The Action: The flow of the action in this movie is good. This isn't just about how the visuals look in the action, but actually what is happening in the action. Transformers suffered from great visuals but uninteresting action. Fortunately, this movie succeeds in both great visuals and great action. All of the fights are clever, unique, and crazy awesome.The Acting: All of the actors did a great job in this movie, however I will say that sometimes the acting was a little bit over the top at times. I will mention (I said this earlier) that this movie appears to be more like an anime/comic in the sense of how the characters act. All of the acting is good, it just depends if you like what they are portraying or not. Another nice thing is that most of the actors here aren't extremely famous. I like seeing new faces on the screen.Verdict: Pacific Rim is an extremely entertaining movie that understands how to make good action and how to make a monster movie. All of the parts of the movie are very interesting, sadly the movie is just too short to be as good as it could be. If there was more character interaction, more struggles with the past, actual character development, and more expansion of the Pacific Rim universe; then this movie would've been perfect.Either way, go see Pacific Rim and enjoy the ride.
평점: 9	리뷰: I have to admit that I was a bit skeptical at first but cant help to get excited upon seeing the first trailer. I have always been fan of Ultraman,Gundam,Kaiju movies and mecha animes.Non of it ever make it in a big screen but this is as close as it gets.Big big nasty monster..all of different kinds..one can fly like a bat..another like a crab..shark etc..the action is superb in my opinion..actions are raw as i like it..I like the scene where 3 jaeger vs 2 Kaiju in HK..sooo awesome.The acting is OK..the mind drif neuron connection was an interesting concept that added depth into the struggle..I will watch this again with no doubt..So far this is the only movie that didn't let me down after all the anticipation of a big summer blockbuster..iron man 3 was a meh for me..man of steel is just OK..but not this one..all the action n scenes..intact in my head..so much of boom boom pawww!!
평점: 8	리뷰: The Good:Superb action (The best so far this year) and Groundbreaking VFX. The director, to his credit, makes awesome use of the technology available and makes us feel every Punch and blows traded between the scary kaijus and the *huge* jaegers (seriously, they make the transformers look like toys)Great acting by Idris Elba, Rinko Kikuchi and of course, Ron PerlmanEpic background scoreThe Bad:The lead character is not that well portrayed and his motivations are weak and his arc is not given justice. The two scientist types are super annoyingThe movie is full of clichés, which really shouldn't have been the case For a movie which looks this good.In summary,Pacific Rim is better than the blockbusters which have released this year. It promises epic action, and delivers it in spades. But for those who are looking for something extra, it disappoints.Pacific Rim is by no means a bad movie, but it could have been so much better...7.5/10
평점: 3	리뷰: Pacific Rim = 2 1/2 hours of my life I'll never get backUgh, Where do I begin on this crapfest? It was like combining Power Ranger MegaZords with Godzilla, while taking story points from Starship Troopers and Independence Day with the goal of destroying more CGI buildings than The Man Of Steel. In my theater I witnessed 5 people walk out at various points (who never returned) and it took a ton of willpower to continue to punish myself and sit through it till the very end. I have enjoyed every Guillermo Del Toro movie up until this point but everything about it just seemed rushed and sloppy.I give it 1/5 Voltron Cats (which doesn't really form Voltron now does it)
평점: 5	리뷰: Long story short : The movie is only a pure fight between giants robots and giant monsters. I saw that there are many fans and child's watching this movie and sorry if I will be more critic as I am not a child.I see this like an Japanese anime implemented as a movie and that's it. Robots fights with giant monsters anime stories were mainly written for 5- 13 year old child's and they were pretty successful . I guess the target public for this movie is the same, as beside the actual fights the story line is flat , disappointing, with a lot of clichés and seems to be written for this age interval. Why ? You invest so much in special effects (fights are really good – the only thing I could enjoy) but so less in story scripts , and actors? Why bother to do amazing special effects (robots/monsters designs and fights) and rap them around with such stupid story? Aliens coming to colonize our planet through a portal. OK good ! They send clone giant monsters to destroy dominant habitant, and you defend with giant robots . Good so far, but why in the world is needed for the robots to be driven by 2 pilots – no sense at all? How in the world you can really convince the entire world to build a wall as it is better than some super giant robots – is the world really retard in this movie ? Why after so many years of fighting you have only 2 so called scientist studying the monsters and not an army of them (why in 2013 you need them fighting between them in theories – cliché )How in the hell you can get pregnant a giant cloned monster? (Why you use "the cocky guy staying with the back to the baby monster after throwing a knife and getting eaten after" cliché? )How did the pilots returned through portal without having monster DNA ?How can you get a super strong monster with real natural armor to get cut in half with sword .Yes the effect is amazing but put some physics in the equation , do some minor experiments (through a chicken into a knife and see how much speed or force is needed for it to be cut in 2 ). And it was longitudinal please  How can you really get exploded a super extra mega atomic bomb without having the damaged robot even move  and in this way there are many inconsistencies which I really did not appreciated for a 2013 mega production. Effect of the fights are really great but all other not. I really advice for the producer to have a real critic person working with him to have a before releasing feedback to improve the movie itself. I was really served with a sandwich of great and really bad, I was "UUU" great fights and effects , and soon after I was "WTF" , is this real ?
평점: 8	리뷰: "Pacific Rim" is a spectacle for the eyes and ears. I mean this movie is a visual treat from well detailed robot and monster designs to high over the top, but well choreographed action sequences and massive collateral damage. The world that Guillermo del Toro creates is imaginative and his character designs are mesmerizing and complex. The sound design and the sheer force of the films score captivates you into a ride of sight and sound that pleases all your senses. From the metal grinding noise of the robots to the fleshy and almost beast like cry the monsters make, this film has you feeling like you are right there in the middle of the action.While the movie is mostly is a visual treat, it doesn't forget about its characters and there humanity. The film isn't all bells and whistles, it really does have some really nice character moments in its script, which are about overcoming fear, moving on and trust. These moments make us care for the events that are unfolding. However, the script isn't all serious business, it knows when to have fun. Some of these moments can be a bit too campy though and some of the emotional moments feel forced. The film sometimes even becomes contrived, mainly towards the end. However, director Guillermo del Toro balances things pretty well.The actors in this film do a pretty good job, but the only real standout is Idris Elba as Stacker Pentecost.This character is sort of the leader of the resistance and Elba commands attention every second on screen. Charlie Hunnam is pretty good as Raleigh Becket, a Jaeger pilot, who left the resistance after a traumatic incident. I wish they showed more of his inner battle, it would have invested us into the story more. Rinko Kikuchi as Mako Mori is really hit or miss. The scenes where she is more reserved are good, but when she tries to emote, it can be awkward at times. The rest of the cast is pretty solid and the supporting cast is pretty good, especially Charlie Day, who brings some of the lighter moments to the film.Overall "Pacific Rim" as a giant robot versus giant monster movie is pretty awesome. The visuals, sound, and well directed action are all top-notch. They provide a treat for the eyes like never before. Even the 3D is spectacular, the best I've seen since "Avatar," it really absorbs you into del Toro's imaginative world. The story, mainly the human element, is a bit weaker as it can feel contrived at times. It keeps us involved, but never takes us to the next level of emotional satisfaction. I give it 4/5, a blockbuster with some of the coolest and most imaginative action that I have seen this year.
평점: 9	리뷰: The Good: The action sequences was spectacular, I loved it!! The CGI was epic and not cheesy like World War Z! Guillermo Del Toro brought the Jaegers into the big screen with strength and action. The Kaijus looked awesome! The relationship between Raleigh and Mako. Hong Kong looked fantastic in this movie! The fighting between Jaegers and Kaijus in the ocean while it's raining. The storyline was something we haven't seen for a long time. It felt like a Japanese film with great action.The Bad: The characters needed more story. Not much to say...Go watch this film with your friends and have a great time!! Rating: 9.25/10
평점: 7	리뷰: I saw trailers before and was hopeful.What I got was a knock-down awesome robot vs. monster movie. I wasn't looking for the next Transformers (though I really liked the first one, less with the dogs and teenage awkwardness and more with the robots), I wasn't looking for a Coppola/North best written screenplay like "Patton", I wasn't looking for a dramatic Oscar-winning performance of "English Patient" (which I fell-asleep in a few times because of boredom) I wasn't expecting great cinematography or musical score...but the graphics, CGI and music turned out to be effective and quite good.If you went (or will go) expecting the next cinematic masterpiece like "Dances with Wolves", or a classically written and well acted "Casablanca" you're going for the wrong reasons. This is Die Hard (1, not 5...5 was a disgrace to the Die Hard name), this is Rocky (again 1, or 2), this movie is a little Real Steel with more fighting, and monsters, but without all the cheesy crap.It was awesome! Thrilling and just a great remake (and a better make) of movie combo: classic cartoons and monster movies. If this movie had come out when I was a boy, 20 odd years ago, I probably would have seen it 10 times at the theater, bought the movie and then watched it at least once-a-week till I wore out the tape. It's not the wussy Power Ranger crap.The things I liked: Robots, monsters, robots and monsters fighting, technology. Big machines, big machine sounds. Big cool robots and big cool robot sounds smashing big gruesome, maniacal alien monsters hell-bent on destruction.****** Spoiler Alert ****** The plot, simple? Yes very. Often predictable outcomes. The acting was average. The writing didn't help the average acting.I saw it in a foreign country so I'm not sure if the audio was goofed but when Mako meets Raleigh her lips were speaking Japanese but audio was English and he answered in-kind and the only subtitles I got were in the foreign language (not Japanese or English). I don't know if that was intentional, you know the old Samurai movies where the actors were speaking Japanese but audio was English voice-overs. If so now that I think about it, it could be pretty funny.Please stop with all the "Battle Speeches" Idris did a great job in the movie overall but those last-stand battle speeches were finished in Braveheart (yes that was 1995).But I loved the Voltron-esque (or that era of genre robot movies) and Godzilla-esque references.
평점: 5	리뷰: I walked into this movie not caring much about the plot or the characters (which as expected where extremely campy and/or cliché), all I wanted out of this film are bad ass fight scenes with robots beating the crap out of godzillaesque monsters.Did this film deliver, yes and no... Both the mech and monster designs were done really well; the mechs look as they should, i.e. giant towering pieces of metal and the monsters look like stuff that came out of Godzilla movies. The down side to the designs is that essentially all the monsters have the color palette of either grey or darker grey and it doesn't help that all the fights occur at night or during a storm...or underneath the ocean...while the mechs have a bit more color to them, they are killed off way too quickly leaving only the two protagonist mechs which as you guessed it...just so happen to be colored grey...The film does well to capture the sheer size of the monstrosities however, as a whole, combat was done poorly. The vast majority of action shots are either low angle, worm eye or close ups - sure it shows how brutal every punch or thrust is, however, at the same time - its hard to appreciate the fight choreography when a fist or horn takes up the majority of the screen.Overall, for a popcorn flick, its average. 5/10.
평점: 9	리뷰: Awesome film. Definitely in my top 5 favorite movies of the year. The story as usual was very predictable but it was the awesome action and stunning visual graphics that really made this film work. Mr. Del Toro also does a great job in keeping this movie as family friendlyThe Jaegers however were one of my main concerns. There were not many involved there and it too much was focused on the 'Gipsy Danger' Storywise although simple and straight forward, there might some things in the story that are kind of hard to understand but again this is the kind of movie where action is more important. However, I think people will quickly get bored with this movie after a whileThe acting form Charlie Hunnam, Idris Alba, Rinko Kikiuchi as well as the rest of the cast was pretty solid and it was great to see Ron Perlman in another Del Toro film without his Hellboy costume this time. My 1 and only complain would be there were no Pacific Rim merchandise like popcorn boxes or drinks since it would have been an awesome addition to my current collection. Oh well, can't have it all my way Overall for Pacific Rim was an enjoyable ride and a must see film especially to all of you Mech fans out there
평점: 9	리뷰: I must say that with the lack of major promotional support (i mean a lot of people i talked to did not even know about this movie)i did not have very high expectations for this movie. I just figured that the studio figured it was going to be a bust but they would release it anyway but decided to save a few advertising dollars.But i was so wrong. This has got to be one of the best action movies to come out this year. The CGI is almost flawless, the action sequences are great. The first 90 minutes are just pure movie gold. The last 30 are not as good. But boy is this movie one hell of a thrill ride of a movie. I highly recommend it, and do not listen to the critics make your own decision and my bet is that you will thoroughly enjoy it too
평점: 9	리뷰: Action fans rejoice, for Pacific Rim has come to deliver the robot vs monster goodness the trailers tempted us with earlier this year. With stunning visuals, this movie does what its predecessors failed before to focus on the titans and not on the supporting humans, well at least not all the time. Battles involve adapting combat strategy and blending weapons with martial arts leading to some epic challenges that span for minutes at a time instead of a thirty second blast to the spark chamber. Combine this with the intense soundtrack and you get a collection of sequences that draw you into the adventure you've been craving for most of the summer. The plot isn't bad either, but movie goers like me will see how much they knocked off from other films. These mashed dynamics were nicely edited together, but I'll admit there are some tie-ins that are a bit overstretched for my taste and a bit lazy on their part. Unfortunately, the team failed the challenge of balancing combat between robots. Once again they built up an epic arsenal of robotic warriors, only to fail on giving them screen time, many having about four minutes of glory. Sorry, but what's the point of making these things if you're only going to focus on Optimus, I mean Gypsy. There are a few other things that this movie fails on, but overall it's a fun time at the movies, and in my opinion worthy of a trip to the 3-D cinema. For more information please follow the link below:http://robbiesmoviereviews.wordpress.com
평점: 5	리뷰: Guillermo del Toro's 'Pacific Rim' has robust action-sequences, superb visual effects & decent performances working for it, but what it lacks, is a solid screenplay. 'Pacific Rim' Synopsis: As a war between humankind and monstrous sea creatures wages on, a former pilot and a trainee are paired up to drive a seemingly obsolete special weapon in a desperate effort to save the world from the apocalypse.'Pacific Rim' has a tepid first-hour, but an engaging & visually dazzling second-hour, which, by the way, is full of action & destruction. In terms of presentation, 'Pacific Rim' heartens, but when it comes to solid storytelling, 'Pacific Rim' disheartens. Travis Beacham & del Toro's Screenplay works in parts. The first-hour is slow-paced, while the second-hour delivers action-sequences in abundance. The Screenplay needed to be stronger! del Toro's Direction is imaginative. Visual Effects are Top-Class, while the Action-Sequences are stunning. Cinematography, Editing & Art Design, deserve a mention.Performance-Wise: Idris Elba is perfect. Charlie Hunnam is very sincere, he enacts his part with gusto. Rinko Kikuchi is credible. Charlie Day is excellent. Ron Perlman is okay. Ellen McLain & Burn Gorman are fair. Clifton Collins Jr. lends support.On the whole, 'Pacific Rim' will appeal to those who LOVE Action Films.
평점: 4	리뷰: I know, I know, its got almost rave reviews from most people here but I beg to disagree. I am really surprised that they saw anything of significance in the movie and it's a total cop out from the Mr. Shyamalan we have come to experience so far. Sorry, I just returned from the movie before it finished, yes before it finished, and it's a total washout, if you ask me. I am not going to reveal the storyline but its a plot which is not uncommon, humanity threatened by alien powers in brief. The special effects don't come into the movie until late and am sorry it come out crap. It might have some subtleness in its scope but it stands no way in comparison to the much simplistic but brilliantly devised Transformers. It just misses the point of marriage of visual effects with cause and chronology. There are advance robots which can work with a drivers mind but limited by the actions of human physiology, how lame can it get. It's like a mega version of Real steel but without the character and emotion of that movie. Waste of time more than money, if I have to be frank.
평점: 10	리뷰: Great Movie: Go watch it.Guillermo del Toro just conned 190M usd, and created the ultimate macha-kaiju movie.As such the ride is amazing, the movie is full of references, winks and nods to all the tropes present in the genre.If you long were a child of the 80s, and grew with the likes of tranzor Z, Voltron, or robotech, you should watch this movie, unlike Bayformers this is truly an enjoyable experience, while bay does not get and despises the source material, Guillermo del Toro embraces his inner child and delivers Giant Mechas Rocket Punching Loevcraftian Horrors without a flinch.If you've watched any mecha anime or manga, or have watched kaiju before you should watch this.
평점: 9	리뷰: As a kid growing up, a lot of the times during the Summer I would get bored with no one else around to hang out with. I mean, what else does a film obsessed kid do when he's bored in the Summer? Well, he makes a movie of course. However, what type of movies? There were no other kids around in my neighborhood to use as actors, so I made monster movies. Some of the times these movies starred our cat, but seeing as how living creatures were more difficult to work with, most of my monster movies starred a marionette creature or stuffed animals, with action figures playing the human roles. There were no scripts, just my imagination literally making everything up as I went along with our Hi-8 video camera in tow. All of this to say, I've always loved monster movies, and Pacific Rim may just be one of the best, if not the most original monster movies ever made.What makes Pacific Rim so original is that it mashes up two Japanese film genres, those of the giant monster and the giant robot, and creates a movie that is unlike anything that Western audiences have ever seen before. Pitting giant robots versus giant monsters was a genius idea that I wish I had come up with, and screenwriter Travis Beacham deserves huge kudos for coming up with the idea. The thing is though, this film wouldn't be worth watching if it didn't manage to have more going for it than just giant robots and giant monsters. Beacham and director Guillermo Del Toro go beyond that simple idea and actually have created likable characters and an involving story to go along with the awesome spectacle, and that's why Pacific Rim should be considered one of the best monster movies ever made.If you've ever seen any Godzilla movie or episode of Japanese animation (i.e. anime) featuring giant robots, then you will recognize all of the character types that exist in this movie. Pacific Rim is really like anime brought to life in live action, and if this movie can achieve such believable results, then can a live action Mobile Suit Gundam movie be far behind? One can only hope, but for right now, as a fan of anime and Japanese entertainment, Pacific Rim manages to introduce American audiences to all of the Japanese film and anime tropes that many of the kids in my generation have been in love with for our entire lives. However, I don't want anyone reading this who has never seen any anime or previous monster movies to think that this movie is not for them.Pacific Rim is really a movie for anyone who just loves a good time at the movies. It's fun, action packed, and is emotionally involving. Unlike so many Summer blockbusters that take themselves too seriously, Pacific Rim manages to balance the humor with the seriousness to create a lighthearted adventure film that still carries weight and consequence through the character's actions, but you're having a blast while the world is literally on the brink of destruction. Guillermo Del Toro treats this film as if it's like a propaganda film from the WWII days, where he's idolizing the pilots of these giant robots, trying to inspire humanity with hope and optimism to actually rise up and meet the monsters rather than getting crushed under their feet. Of course, I'll reiterate this point, had the characters not have worked, neither would have this movie. The characters and their relationships with one another are what gives this movie dramatic heft when it most matters, to where when we reach the action, it's not just mayhem for the sake of mayhem, it actually means something.In case you haven't noticed, I loved Pacific Rim. Few movies are this imaginative and this much fun, and that's the main thing to take away from this movie. From a design standpoint, this is one of the more meticulously crafted made up worlds I've seen in recent years, and that is a testament to Del Toro's gifted cinematic eye. The action is stand up and cheer awesome, thanks to amazing FX work from Industrial Light and Magic. As for the characters, none of them would work if the actors playing them weren't so likable, from Charlie Hunnam, Idris Elba, and Charlie Day, to the emotionally vulnerable performance from Rinko Kikuchi, they're the ones that actually make us care about the story. Bottom line, this isn't another Summer blockbuster trying to play off of post-9/11 fears and anxieties, it's literally a movie about the goodness of humanity and the power of the human spirit to work together when it's most needed, and who doesn't want to see that?I give Pacific Rim a 9 out of 10!
평점: 10	리뷰: After seen, Man of Steel and Evil Dead (remake) I didn't thought that a movie could even get to the toe of them. But wend I saw Pacific Rim yesterday I knew I saw wrong.Pacific Rim is the best movie I have seen this year is action, the story is great the fighting scenes are mind blowing. The Monsters and robot looks are great. The direction , music, editing all was right and perfect. The acting was great. I really can think of anything I didn't like about it if one of the those films that are meant to be seen.100/100
평점: 7	리뷰: In the future time, there's giant monster called "Kaiju" which has risen from beneath of Pacific ocean and ready to overtake earth. Some teams try to beat the monster by jet and tank but it takes many days to defeat it. To level the combat, special forces from around the world build robots named "Jaegers". "Jaegers" is operated by 2 pilots whom minds are locked into one so they could move the robot based on their movement."Spectacular" is the best word to describe 'Pacific Rim'. All of the action scene is captured really detail from the fight in the water, land or even on sky although it seems length of the movie is too short for massive problems like that. They tells first Kaiju's attack in fast way and just skip through the existing of "Jaegers". Also there's a little bit let down in storyline about human. It feels too boring and standard in storyline which is unusual for a high class director like Guilermo del Toro. And one of the most fatal mistake is there are no well-known actor here who could support this movie and make it more commercial. The actors don't act bad though, but in a summer big-budget movie, they should hire at least one popular actor as main role. Overall 'Pacific Rim' is one of the most satisfying movie at this summer season, it's big, fantastic and fun. Most credit should be given to the special effects members who create the combat between robot and monster look real. Also the IMAX 3D is incredible and worth to see. Unfortunately 'Pacific Rim' suffers with weak storyline that makes it flaw.
평점: 7	리뷰: With his new science fiction thriller "Pacific Rim," director Guillermo del Toro effectively takes Michael Bay to school on how to make a movie about giant robots. Unlike Bay's torpid transforming nonsense, del Toro's film is thoughtful and smart. It may not be perfect, but it's got way more style, way more substance and way cooler robots. It's also got Ron Perlman as a black marketeer who runs an underground cartel dealing in alien body parts. Let's see Shia LaBeouf do that.Guillermo del Toro loves movie monsters, there's no doubt about it. If you've seen "Pan's Labyrinth" or "Mimic" or "Hellboy" then you know that he's not a director who just throws CGI around for its own sake. His movies are crafted with loving care. His characters have more dimension then we might expect and his stories actually have meaning. This is a guy who clearly loves movies.His latest is an ode to the monster movies he loved as a child growing up in Mexico. "Pacific Rim" takes place the future, when the Earth is being besieged by monsters, called "Kaiju," that have arrived in our world via a space portal beneath the Pacific Ocean. Following in the tradition of Godzillla and Mothra, these Kaiju have destroyed our cities, killed millions of people and depleted our resources. In response, the military has put together a strike force consisting of 50 foot robots called "Jaegers" which must be controlled by two pilots at the same time (right brain and left brain). The pilots are connected mentally through a neural bridge in a process called "The Drift", effectively allowing them to share the same memories and mental stability so they can work together. The two pilots share minds with each other and effectively are bonded for life.Our hero is Raleigh Becket (Chris Hunnum) a nice-looking loner who never-the-less nurses a wounded heart. Years ago, he was at the controls of one of these robots when his brother was killed while still connected to him. True to the form of half the movies ever made, the wounded hero is reluctantly pulled back into service despite claims by the program's commanding officer Stacker Pentecost (Idris Elba) that he is a loose cannon who doesn't follow orders. He also needs a new partner, and Pentecost reluctantly issues him another damaged soul named Mako Mori (Rinko Kikuchi) a Japanese pilot who bears the scars of having had her family wiped out by the Kaiju back in Japan when she was a child.Per his usual, del Toro allows these characters to have an extra dimension, but not so much that they get in the way of the smash and bash. They are connected to one another on an emotional level (the technology of the Jaegers demands it) just enough that we feel that there are people here and not just pawns to move around the plot. One of the great joys of the movie is that a lot of time is devoted to the humans discovering things about the Kaiju and how to defeat them.The characters are given an extra dimension, but only enough that they don't feel like throw-aways. The best performance in the movie (even under the constraints of pat dialogue) comes from Rinko Kikuchi as Mako. She's a talented actor who got a lot of attention – and an Oscar nomination – six years ago for her performance as Chieko in "Babel", as a deaf Japanese schoolgirl who filtered her grief over her mother's suicide into sexual rebellion. Kikuchi hasn't made a major American film since then, but she is still a talent waiting to be discovered by audiences. She has an open, expressive face, especially in the reaction shots: When she's not talking, she's listening, not just waiting for the other actor to finish so she can talk. She has a fine and delicate screen presence that suggests strengths waiting to surface.Another great performance comes from Charlie Day as a nervous scientist who is bright enough to use the neural bridge to mentally connect with one of the monsters to figure out their plan. With his hyperactive manner and high-pitched voice, Day is perfect for a movie like this. He plays Newton Geizler, a scientist who suddenly finds that he needs a severed alien brain and that puts him in contact with the oddly named Hannibal Chau (Ron Perlman), a greasy black marketeer who has made his bones selling Kaiju body parts of every description. It has to be seen to be believed.One the human level, the movie works. It outclasses most science fiction hot air in which the technology overwhelms anything else. Where it comes up short is on the action itself. Yes, the special effects are impressive, and the robots here have more character than the ungainly Transformers. But, del Toro's special effects team makes the unwise decision to shoot every monster vs. robot battle at night and in close-up – usually while it's raining. These scenes, shot at a distance in broad daylight might have given us a little more visual orientation. We know what's at stake for the characters but we'd like a little more involvement. Still, del Toro has fashioned together a movie that is worth your time. Let's put it this way, if a Monsters vs. Robots movie has to be made, this is probably as good as it gets.***1/2 (of four)
평점: 9	리뷰: Pacific Rim - story is a simple mix of Battleship , Transformers and Independence day :) But it was screenplay which mattered. In first half it was terrific and second half though predictable , it was completely entertaining and racy :) BGM was very good :) Visual effects - v.good:)Overall a action blockbuster worth a watch in theatres :)Best scenes :interval block and after it construction scenes mako's flashback doctor scenes
평점: 5	리뷰: The not-too-revealing-synopsis:In a not-too-distant future, political rivalries have given way to a unified construction and military effort to combat a shared, other-worldly threat. New technology and science produce the next generation of defenses for the Earth. These new defenses, dependent on humans, are limited by their vulnerabilities while simultaneously bolstered by their vitality.The not-too-revealing-review:Pacific Rim captures "big". The movie convincingly relates the big threat to humanity, the big communal response, the big industrial production, and the big adversary. This near future is even made plausible on the political, technological, and fantasy level. The movie fails, however, to escape the graphic novel origins. Where storyline development could have come through the explanation and development of the futuristic technology, it settles for unsurprising weaponry "reveals"; where it could have entertained grand science fiction questions, it throws in another action scene; where it could have showcased large-scale action choreography, it focuses in on a punch landing or head being knocked backward. It belongs in the video game movie genre with all the flaws one expects to accompany such a label: weak storyline, repetitive action scenes, and cliché characters. It does fare better than expected in a number of categories: the acting was acceptable nor and the character development was less than ruinous. It was as shiny and glossy as one expects from a big budget motion picture of this sort, but the action scenes were sluggish and clunky. It matches up with Transformers in effects but is more Godzilla (1954) in terms of action choreography. I enjoyed it while I was in the theater, but I will not think fondly of it on the outside. I do not recommend the movie, but neither would I discourage those who desire a good solid two hours of big effects and mayhem.Acting: 6/10 Cinematography: 7/10 Character Development: 5/10 Choreography: 3/10 Storyline: 6/10 Resonance: 1/10
평점: 8	리뷰: "Pacific Rim" is the latest creation from Spanish visionary Guillermo del Toro (director of "Pan's Labyrinth" and the "Hellboy" movies). The film tells the story of the pilots of giant robotic machines called Jaegers who must go head to head with invading, sky-scraping beasts called Kaiju, making for some of the most jaw-dropping showdowns in recent cinema. And while the film's greatest achievement is its astounding visual effects, the human element is never lost in the mix.The film is told from the human perspective, making for some true edge-of-your-seat entertainment as the pilots are shaken and tossed around in the head of the Jaegers, adding suspense and jeopardy to scenes mostly rendered in a computer - in the hands of a lesser director, the fight scenes could easily be detached and cartoonish, but del Toro allows the audience to stay with the pilots and control centers, giving these extended battle royales genuine gravitas.The acting is well-done and each of the protagonists is given a back story and good motivations, but it is Idris Elba who delivers a standout performance as the commander of the Jaeger program. While our main hero, played by Charlie Hunnam, is given a decent character arc and background, he isn't fleshed out as well as Elba's or even Rinko Kikuchi's character, so you don't necessarily care about him as much as the other two protagonists.Ultimately, "Pacific Rim" is a feast for the eyes with human drama added for good measure. The main draw of the film is obviously the clash of the titans element, but audiences will also be able to connect to the characters, enriching those moments of ocean-moving, building-tumbling collisions as two beasts, one from another world, one man-made, pummel each other to the death.
평점: 6	리뷰: First of all, I kept a high expectation on this movie. Every time I saw the trailers/behind-the-scene during the past couple months I was hoping July 12 would come earlier. Now let's talk about the pros. The visual effects are absolutely first- class, as well as the sound mixing. I also enjoy the cool customs (armor/helmet) of the movie. Every guy dreams arming with it and fighting against giant monsters! Fighting scenes are also great. Enough good words. I want to talk about what makes me uncomfortable with this movie. Warnings again: spoilers. The story line starts in a really good way. Raleigh (Charlie) lost his brother in a fight and also lost his confidence to be a pilot. I was hoping that the story will tell how he overcomes this history after spending 5 years constructing, and it does - until five seconds later when his new co-pilot, Mako (Rinko), has more fear to overcome. Then it spent another 10 minutes addressing her problems and forgot to mention how Raleigh overcame his for the rest of the movie.Later it turns to talk about Stacker(Idris)'s problems and drives our attentions to a brand-new side of the story. What comes between the main storyline is Gottlieb-Newton bromance. However, it addresses the bromance for 5 minutes before returning to the ambiguous relationship between Raleigh and Mako and Stacker's love, care and encouragements to Mako. Other elements, such as Ron's character, father-son relations and meaningless fights (not the giant type), further drive audience's attention away.I felt extremely discouraging to form a high anticipation about how the story will flow from the plots, but then found out that the director did stress it, but just for a couple minutes before turning to other aspects. Later I was so good at predicting the story, telling myself that well, anyway, the story will just spend another 5 minutes on this or that. The movie has a lot to offer other than visual effects, but it is over-ambitious, trying to include as many elements as possible.The way the story starts seems to indicate that it wants to talk about Raleigh, but instead it goes more about Stacker. In-between is Miko, which adds to confusions about how she eventually pilots well. If you think summer blockbusters like this, Star Trek or Iron Man 3, do not even need a storyline, you will absolutely disagree with me. I am not saying that it has to have a wonderful or heart-breaking storyline as drama does, which is also beyond my expectation. What I am saying is that, you give a hint about how the story will go, and you go for it and go deep enough for it. You have a lot to tell, which is great, but focus on those that form the characters. IMAXize and 3Dize the characters you want to create.North Carolina, U.S.
평점: 6	리뷰: This could have been amazing, but there are too many plot holes and pointless detours for it to fulfill my (not very high) expectations.Not only does del Toro show no real understanding of what it means to be "Pacific" (culturally, geographically, in terms of the space or urban landscapes), he manages to conflate pretty much all of Asia into one gigantic stereotype - and those Australian accents were so bad I almost walked out!At the end of the day, there were a few passingly good action scenes, and a couple of almost- brilliant moments of apocalyptic doom, but the lack of believable (or interesting) characters (and the fact that 3 of the male leads looked almost identical), paired with the absence of any engaging settings (most of the battles are in the ocean), make this a fairly sub-par offering.And did I mention that accents were really, really terrible? With the lackluster performances from Martini and Kazinsky (a Brit and an American), you could have hired pretty much any Australian guy off the street to do better. And why are Aussie characters so often mean and have bull-dogs? Being stupid and having bull mastiffs would make more sense - or being stoners with an old collie or a cattle dog. But vengeful and competitive, with a British bull- dog? Nothing good to say about those two characters, at all. Waste of time.
평점: 3	리뷰: Too many plot holes. Too much talking. Too long. Difficult to see action sequences. Too many action movie clichés. I went to this movie with a bunch of friends and we all disliked it. While I have never walked out on a film I was very tempted to walk out of this one.The worst part though was the flat interaction between most of the main characters. The two biggest offenders are Burn Gorman and Charlie Day who are inane as the squabbling experts. Even the introduction of Ron Perlman fails to ignite the screen as he phones in his part.The only saving grace was Idris Elba, who plays the role of the Marshall with the same intensity as his TV character Luther.
평점: 3	리뷰: Pacific Rim (2013) *** 1/2 (out of 4)Guillermo del Toro's latest is a grand throwback to the days when Godzilla and other large monsters stalked the screens. Set in the future, the Earth comes under attack by giant sea monsters so they create giant robots controlled by two pilots so that they can be destroyed. It doesn't take long for the monsters to recapture the upper hand and as time on Earth is running out the humans must come up with a new plan of attack. PACIFIC RIM isn't a masterpiece but it's about as good as a film like this can get. While there are a couple flaws to be found along the way, there's still no way to deny that this here is pure entertainment from start to finish. Obviously del Toro knows his genre so fans will see all sorts of winks to earlier movies but the director takes it to the next level and really delivers something that is a lot of fun and full of wonderful action. I'm one who usually speaks against CGI not because of the technique but because so many directors don't know how to properly use it. That's certainly not the case here because the monsters, the robots and the broken down and destroyed cities all look real. This here is very important because it allows one to really connect with everything that's going on on the screen. Another major plus here is that the action scenes are full of wonderful imagination. The battle sequences are usually long, very destructive and oh so much fun and this includes a rather amazing sequence at the end that's underwater. The performances are also quite good with Charlie Hunnam, Diego Klattenhoff and especially Idris Elba all fitting their roles nicely. Ron Perlman also has a nice supporting bit. As I said, I think there were a couple flaws with one being the running time, which I felt was a bit too long as ten or fifteen-minutes off would have helped things. There were also a few too many shots that were extremely close to the action to the point where you can't get the full view of all the destruction going on. Still, PACIFIC RIM is a great throwback to the early monster films and it's fun from the word go.
평점: 10	리뷰: 10/10. I have been waiting for a movie like this for a long time. Growing up and going to the movies to watch Godzilla movies. I loved them but I always wished they could be done better. Cloverfield was awesome but I wanted more. Transformers are also a favorite but no monsters there. Pacific Rim really delivers. I have to say this is the best monster move of all time. Also the Robots (Jaegers) are incredible. Not a dull moment in this movie. I am going back tomorrow to see it in the IMAX theater. I want to see it in 3D now. The music score fit and sounded great. Pacific Rim starts fast and end with a fury. It keeps you locked in till the credits roll but don't forget to stay for the snippet after the first round of credits. Very funny. This is one of the best movies I have seen this summer. Right up there with the new Star Trek and maybe a little better than Iron Man 3. The movie does not disappoint. Go see it if you really want to be entertained for 2 Plus hours. You will not be sorry. After watching it at IMAX..... AWESOME! My new favorite movie. I may have to go see it for a third time. I was reading some of the negative reviews and I do not understand where these people's perspectives come from. Haters is all I see. This is one of Best summer movies in a long time. I can't stop thinking about how GREAT the movie was. I can't wait for the Blu Ray!
평점: 8	리뷰: I had many reasons to watch it, one, I was a huge fan of 'Godzilla' movie, saw it when I was a kid and being speechless for many days. Two, Guillermo Del Toro. Three, I always eager to watch a good visual effect movie on big screen, so I am graphic geek.The story follows when giant monsters known as Kaiju rises from beneath the Pacific ocean, the war between human and them commences. Initially millions of humans lose their lives in the series of Kaiju attacks. To fight those monsters humans creates monsters like giant robots called Jaegers. This makes the war between them fair enough to compete each others and balanced until the monsters started to gain the fighting power back from the humans. So the years pass the apocalypse nears, the humans need to stand and fight one final time to defend the Earth and what happen next were the grand finale.I feel deja vu now, wait, I have seen before these giant robots somewhere before. It took more than a moment to figure it out. In my childhood I saw them in the television cartoon show, Duckstales but I don't know what they are called. Those were kinda similar to these giants.When 'Transformers' and 'Godzilla' comes together it forms 'Pacific Rim'. A $220 million movie which made lots of buzz on movie goers, including me. Wondered what was he (Guillermo Del Toro) planing all this year since 'The Golden Army' which released a half decade ago. The more gap between the movies, the expectation grows higher and I was just curious to see this movie than thinking how it could be. Even I had set countdown in my phone for this day (12-07-2013) since last 60 days. Finally the day came, as a movie freak I wanted to see it in IMAX, since there is no IMAX around me I had no choice but go for regular silver screen digital 3D version.Does it worth seeing in digital 3D? is the million dollar question from the people who are looking forward to see this movie. I say definitely worth it, what is the use to see an advanced technique and a CGI graphic movie in the regular version. Movies like these are meant to see in digital 3D because it is not some comedy or sentimental drama but a huge action pact movie. Don't expect pop-ups, that's for amateurs who are new to experience the 3D illusions. It was shot in regular 2D then converted to digital 3D so it was better but not so awesome.The movie had not serious big names in the cast. There is no one particularly to say who done great work but they all performed their best. The Japanese girl Rinko Kikuchi was kinda cute, as the movie was inspired from Japanese monster tales she added the Japanese flavour to the movie. Ron Perlman was good, expected little more screen space for him. Charlie Hunnman and Idris Elba, they both were okay especially Charlie Day has been so nice just like he was in 'Horrible Bosses'. Looks like he's a new sensation in comedy World, hope a great future ahead of him.Geographically speaking I am happy that this whole movie won't take place in the United States itself after all it was theirs movie. Hollywood has a Worldwide fan base so when they make movie from outside the regular geographical stream the audience from the rest of the World will always welcome it.It was not the best movie nor the worst that I have seen in this monsoon. For a $220 million movie the graphics were so awesome, the action and stunts were breathtaking but by far the story was so weak especially the character developments. Whenever you see Kaiju and Jaeger on the screen it will be the thrilling experiences but other than that the development happening around the human characters were little boring I mean it was emotionless. When it compared to 'Godzilla', 'Godzilla' was well balanced between them two while in 'Pacific Rim' it was one sided and that is all about graphic, actions and 3D. These modern movie techniques carried the whole movie with their shoulder and made to look better. I can say these special effects were the highlight of the movie.Like my synopsis say it was decent till the end then confuses with few common logic. If you just ignore it, the movie will give you the best entertainment that you have paid for. If you are looking for a good story, twist and characters then it is not the right choice, this movie was totally an action packed with awesome graphics. This movie will more suitable for younger audiences.
평점: 8	리뷰: This is Real Steel, Transformers, Godzilla and your favorite alien invasion action movie, all packed into one. The focus is on the visual effects and battle scenes, there are some interesting sci-fi ideas but minimal attention was devoted to their details, the acting is good, the plot is predictable but engaging and the character development is again minimal but enough (aka optimal).We are all probably used to stunning effects by now so what makes this one different? I would say its the seamless fusion of so many ideas, Godzilla sized monster aliens and to combat them Transformer sized fight machines guided by humans in co-ordination(like in Real Steel but more intricate). Also unlike many action movies that try too hard to be emotionally deep and end up being miserably melodramatic or shallow, this one hits the sweet spot. Also there is at least something amusing about a metal brute wrestling a bulbous acid throwing flying Godzilla, right?One disappointment for me was that there was potential for a lot of nice sci-fi conceptual depth but the details were mostly left out unless needed for comprehending the plot and also the acting performances could have been slightly better but Idris Elba was awesome in his role, even his voice was perfect for his dialogues.On the whole a nice and refreshing movie, if the trailers give you a run of the mill feeling I would still recommend watching it (on the best screen possible), it might surprise you.
평점: 10	리뷰: It occurred to me even as I watched it that PACIFIC RIM was a lifelong dream come true: a live-action version of the ASTRO BOY and GIGANTOR cartoons I'd watched as a child, done right. Del Toro doesn't waste a lot of time trying to infuse PACIFIC RIM with the kind of boring, pointless melodrama that most such movies engage in: he gets down to business early on and rarely strays from the program. (The jab at Modern Man's world-destroying efforts is appreciated.) Moviegoers who've waited for a true Summer Blockbuster will walk away satisfied, though the hype surrounding this movie has been a tad on the RESERVED side, if you ask me: considering what we have here- the overall scale of EVERYTHING-, the trailers should've been Longer and even Louder. The fx actually ENHANCE the drama, the way fx always should (but rarely do). If you're a fan of Giant Monster movies or Giant Robot movies or Giant Monsters vs. Giant Robots movies, you're in luck: PACIFIC RIM is now playing.
평점: 10	리뷰: full action with no plot and big monsters difficult to identify the good and the enemy a combination of G.I. Joe, ghost rider,transformer,wrath of titans,godzilla,avengers full of sh?t wasted my time could have watched it without 3d glasses felt great relief coming out of the hall finally some peace reminder folks go for this after watching a snail pace movie or if you r high my vote 0.5 out 5 you can go even after half time as there is nothing but action watch it at your own risk!!! very cheap one liners being given acting was pathetic overall small children would like the movie as it has big monsters that looked like over sized would burst out of the screen wwe match and mad doctor that looked more of a hippie
평점: 7	리뷰: After seeing pacific rim I have to say the visual effects were stunning, Idris Elba was awesome as he portrayed the steel plated commander 'Staker Pentecost' and was as strong and temperamental as he is in 'Luther'. The acting overall was up to scratch from the whole cast in particular Charlie Day as 'Dr. Newton Geiszler certainly offered the audience some comic relief from all the action. The Plot was of course was ridiculous but the visual effects and action throughout more than compensates. overall a fun action-packed movie for enjoyable watching. 7.5
평점: 10	리뷰: You have to think hard to find a bad Guillermo del Toro film. I can't think of any, and this one won't be one either. It is a clear winner. To me, I think it is the best monster movie since Jurassic Park, and the best sci-fi invasion movie since Independence Day! Look, there is no need to discuss the movie in detail. Just go see it. You'll enjoy the fun. It is quite original in many ways despite the large monsters and giant robots. Trailers, while good, simply cannot do justice to the brilliance of the movie. If you liked Hellboy, you'll like this movie. If you liked Pan's Labyrinth, you'll like this movie. If you liked Mimic, you'll like this movie. It's got everything. The whole plot and story works hand in glove! The production quality is superior!
평점: 2	리뷰: Pacific Rim (2:11, PG-13, Imax, 3-D) — 2 — SF, biggie, original, OSIT chauvinistsClocking in at 2:11, the exact same running length as Iron Man 3 (and also with the same PG- 13 rating), Pacific Rim manages about 10% of the personality and intellectual content, traded off for about 400% of the death, destruction, general smashing, and noise.It's a mash-up of the rubber-suited Godzillas (now rendered in 3-D by state-of-the-art computers to no greater degree of credibility) and the incredibly noisy, frenetic, jumble-cut train wrecks of the Transformers series. What appear to be people walk thru several of the scenes, generally shouting at or speaking severely to each other in intense tones — except for the wild-eyed, agitated jargon-slinging of the last 2 scientists on Earth that you'd want entrusted with the preservation of civilization (who, of course, are exactly that).Much of the dialog is muddled and only semi-intelligible, except for some nice, crisp subtitles on the screen when the only female for 100 klicks in any direction, Mako Mori (played by the charming Rimko Kikuchi, the only person in the entire movie who ever smiles), gets off a few lines of ritual self-deprecation and submissiveness. Otherwise it's a testosterone-laden gonad flaunting to see who owns the fire hydrant.Mori and ostensible hero Raleigh Becket (Charlie Hunnam) are co-pilots of Gypsy Danger, the last remaining Mark 3 model jaeger (German for "fighter"), which is a truly gargantuan robotic fighting machine that's so complicated it requires 2 synced-up human brains (said to be "in the drift" when linked) to control it properly. The Mark 3 is recommissioned after all the newer models are rendered useless when the invading kaiju (Japanese for "giant beasts"), arriving thru a trans-dimensional rift on the Pacific floor, deploy electrical zappers to short out all the digital electronics. "But the Mark 3 is analog", exclaims Becket, as he volunteers to take it out to battle a pair of kaiju who emerged in only the last couple of hours to threaten Hong Kong (after earlier lone monster warriors had wreaked havoc on San Francisco, Manila, and either Cabo or Kabul — couldn't tell from the garbly soundtrack).The human-seeming characters have tried in the past to nuke the rift in the ocean floor and so seal it off from further kaiju incursions, but they've had trouble getting past some obstacle whose name and nature are fleetingly alluded to and thereafter ignored. This time, tho, they have the advantage of some work-around that one of the scientists discovered when doing a jaeger-pilot-style mind-meld with what's left of the brain of an earlier kaiju.The time it took you to read the above plot description is about as much as what the movie spent on it. Yet Travis Beacham will still collect a check for what is honorarily known as a "screenplay". Fully 80% of the film is just whirling, thudding, smashing, bashing fight scenes, which move so fast and in such close-up (also generally in darkness and lots of splashing water, since this is a surf movie of a sort) that you can't tell who's who or who's doing what to which.I saw it in Imax (a good size screen for the spectacle that director Guillermo Del Toro is obviously trying to create), 3-D (originally shot as such for the CGI scenes but post-converted for the minority of the film that pretends to pay attention to people), and 20,000 watts of surround sound (which blessedly weren't quite as deafening as the literally painful Transformers 2). The talents of Ramin Djawadi, who wrote the haunting, evocative theme song to HBO's Game of Thrones, are here wasted on what I'm sure he was instructed to render as pompous bombast, which plays relentlessly under almost every scene.There's a welcome cameo appearance by Ron Perlman as a larger-than-life underworld figure who's discovered that the market for powdered rhino horn or tiger penis pales in comparison to what flaccid Asian men are apparently willing to pay on the black market for reprocessed kaiju.You know that Del Toro is going to max out the visuals, and he doesn't disappoint in that regard, which is one of the few things keeping this regrettable pile of brainless, pointless, overwrot violence from sinking all the way down that rift in the Pacific trenches to a rating of 1.
평점: 2	리뷰: Two words come to mind that are generally synonymous with Mexican director/writer Guillermo Del Toro, an undeniably creative auteur who has a familiarity with various pop-culture mediums, multiple mythologies, and a keen sense of original storytelling, and those words are passionate and imaginative. Whether it's the brooding vampiric mythos of his debut film Cronos, the dark escapism of his fantasy tale Pan's Labyrinth, or even the colorful superhero interpretation of the Dark Horse Comics character Hellboy there is a distinct feel, tone, and beauty that links all of his varying yet inventive pieces together. His latest passion project Pacific Rim, a blend of Japanese pop-culture influenced monster films with a live action anime intention, undoubtedly shares a great deal of characteristics a majority of his other films possess, including his odd humor deviations, impeccable detail, and a particular visual tone, and yet doesn't possess enough to distinguish itself from the rest of the summer blockbuster parade of mediocrity. Pacific Rim opens with the potential of a truly original and intriguingly conceptual work for the science-fiction genre but the film not only leaves behind the braininess early on for too much loud, abrasive brawn it also doesn't possess enough heart in the lumbering beast of a film machine to make a true link between the director's passionate fun and the audience's potential sympathetic investment. Del Toro's intentions with Pacific Rim are clearly about making pleasurable absurdity with self-consciousness towards the ridiculousness of his own premise but it is unfortunately anchored down by its stilted dialogue, inappropriate uses of humor amidst often times boring drama, and incredibly limited performances interpreting apathetically developed characters. Instead of getting a usual dose of Del Toro creativity through makeup artistry, distinct set designs, and beautifully imagined characters we've been given a rather hollow and undoubtedly dumb CGI-fest of giant monsters, giant robots, and giant destruction which for the most part is amusing though highly disappointing. Though Pacific Rim contains a myriad of blockbuster clichés they are presented in a humorously self-referential fashion through Del Toro's signature imagination but the final product feels limited by the expansive use of freewheeling special effects instead of enhanced which is the usual outcome for a majority of typical, loud, and expensive blockbuster films.Read more on this review: http://wp.me/py8op-AC; read more reviews: Generationfilm.net
평점: 2	리뷰: Pacific Rim is a movie that knows exactly what it wants to be and delivers because everything put to screen is executed wonderfully. The performances are spot on and the actors really do make you care for the characters even with very little development or exposition. I liked the fact that the movie is its own sequel. Meaning, they cut through all the origin and set up of this world in the first 15 minutes. It's like a built in fast forward button. As it was unfolding, I kept thinking to myself that they are skipping over some pretty big and important stuff. Stuff we'd like to see and maybe should have seen. Yet, that wasn't really the case because what was left perfectly fit the story and certainly delivered the monster VS giant robot action everyone paid to see. The monsters are truly frightening and the CGI very well done. This film's budget has made news but at least it felt like they spent everything on screen.Overall, this was a very fun trip to the cinema.
평점: 8	리뷰: I've just watch Pacific Rim i'm going to give you a short review on what i thought no spoiler I promise :) . Right fact one is if you can see past the power ranger, transformer, Godzilla & independence day feel of the film, its surprisingly a fantastic film. It has emotion moments with some pretty intense moments which balance the film out, a lot of thought & passion has gone into this film as it shows a lot about Honor & respect in combat situation. The C.G.I design on the creature's & the robot's were amazing & it has some of the best monster fight scenes that you will think wow!!!! that was awesome, but there is a slight twist in the story which I cant say because it will give away spoiler.What I can say is I don't think this film will be for all, as I said if you can't get past the simple film mix you won't like this film or find it fantastic or entertaining. To me I loved this film for what it is, a very passionate, emotion action fight for survival film that really gives this film its edge. Film rating for me 8 out of 10.
평점: 8	리뷰: If you asked me how would you like to watch 'Monsters vs Robots' battle it out, I would LMAO at your face without regret. If you ask me now, I would search for words out of dictionary to throw some gigantic jargon at you. This as good as world cinema could get, Watching this in IMAX made me feel, so small like a stray dog watching an elephant pass by. You will blame me for setting too much expectation, I had none when I walked in,bang it hit me at the entrance & it hit me with rocket elbow punches right on my face again & again. Till I Bowed down to this shear colossal force. ‪Deltoro‬ was absolutely right saying "I did not want one country saving the world but the world saving the world" He lived up to his word ‪#‎respect‬. ‪Ramin Djawadi‬ swells yours eyes through your ears & a raising heart to feel panic,that will stay long after you are done. yes, this is the same stuff we've seen in Transformers, Real Steel & a Whole bunch of Japanese Kaiju films. How is this different from those? it's better on everything they've missed out on. Makes you feel others are just trailers for this epic event to happen this day. Just http://j.mp/gobigorgoextinct
평점: 10	리뷰: Guillermo del Toro is a master. He's a great director and his eye for the visual is unmatched. (Hear that Michael Bay). This is the Japanese mecha tribute movie that fans of the genre have been waiting on for years. Del Toro convey's the weight and heft of these massive robots and creatures to perfection. The fight scenes are not lost in a dizzying array of CGI. They are focused and matrix-esque fun to watch. Moreover this is just a fantastic fun popcorn flick that has some great messages about team work. The pace of the movie never really gets boring and the nice little tidbits that pay homage to classics like Ultraman (The creature style and markings) shine through without being overly corny. Go grab the kids, get your popcorn on and enjoy this roller-coaster ride for the senses.
평점: 3	리뷰: An absolutely dull and stupid movie. I understand that the RuleOfCool sometimes demands stupid and unrealistic situations, just to be cool.But this film has waaaaay too much of them. Like total human stupidity in this film: 1) A global sea wall, really?2) What are they thinking - there's only one portal that can be easily monitored and guarded. Yet we have monsters attacking freaking Alaska with mechas thinly spread all over the globe.3) Absolutely stupid pilots. A monster destroyed our cannon and other weapons, we have nothing left! (I'm obliged to say that by the rules of our trade union to increase the amount of drama)No, we have that absolutely awesome sword that can cleave a monster in two! But we didn't use until the last moment just because it wouldn't be cool if we defeated the monster in a couple of seconds!4) Unrealistic radiation disease.5) Extra stupid "oxygen level 15%".6) Battle on the ocean floor 3km down. In hole-ridden leaking mechas. Really? A leak at this depth would produce a jet strong enough to cut steel. After a time I simply couldn't stop laughing. And it doesn't help that the most of the movie is just one large mecha-fight scene.Oh, and characters... Let's not talk about them.
평점: 3	리뷰: Guillermo del Toro, the visionary director of Blade2, Pan's Labrinth and Hellboy has done the impossible. Large Robots...Large Monsters...and I COULD NOT WAIT FOR THIS FILM TO END SO I COULD LEAVE!. How do you screw up a movie with Charlie Hunnan, Charlie Day and Idris Elba? The answer is very simple: You make the movie for you, and not for the audience. This is Del Toro's guilty pleasure...like Tarantino's "Sukyaki Western Django"...this is merely a collection of images and activities that Del Toro put to screen to entertain himself and himself alone. I am sure his preoccupation with Manga (http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Manga) fueled this masturbatory CGI exercise. I actually felt as if i'd lost a few I.Q. points after sitting through what could only be referred to as the "Battlefield Earth" of the millennial generation. In closing, let me say that i'd rather do yard work, than sit through this film again.
평점: 7	리뷰: PACIFIC RIM brought me to my childhood days when Ultraman was fighting with monsters. Story goes with aliens rising beneath our ocean floor and invading the entire earth for some reason (watch the movie). Because the aliens are huge (pre historic days and behave like a drunk King Kong), governments from across the globe united to create an elite team to combat these aliens in the form of engineered robots (Jaegers) with distinct fighting gears. The catch is its mostly a two man vessel connected to a neural bridge. Huh? Since its a large robot one person serves as the right brain while the other the left. Their memories are merged and their brains (not literally) as well to serve as one main CPU for their android. To cut the story short, they need to kill the monsters (Kaiju) to save human race. To make it long, to top that we have a melodramatic lead actor and his sidekick, a drama queen as well. Too many characters playing certain roles to extend the movie more than two hours. It has too much testosterone that it felt like watching 300. Their plot may fall short but Ill give them two thumbs up for technicalities and attention to detail. When the movie ended, I wanted to be a Jaeger because I got moves like jagger (now laugh). Overall, it's a visual effects feast and what's interesting is our annoying seatmate whose queries are due to his disconnection from the movie. If only he was not sleeping. 3 out of 5 popcorns
평점: 10	리뷰: Del Torro hits it out of the ball park with this flick. The Controlled balance between story and action is perfect. A solid movie in all fronts. If you like robots, monsters and mix of good drama (no matter how superficial it my be) then this is a movie is for you. The little ones will not like it so much and the movie is very loud and there is a lot going on the movie that they will easily get lost. The older children it is fine and may appreciate more the movie that the little ones. How I know this? Standing in line and see what type of people are in line helps, and while the movie is playing you can hear the little fuss during the quiet scenes and the cry during the loud. While the family behind me the boys said "wow! awesome!" a couple of time. GO and see it! Can't wait for Hellboy 3!
평점: 10	리뷰: Excellent, definitely one of the best movies I've seen this year, for me I like the robot battles, I've seen in other films and series, well, I loved this. The effects were amazing, the story I liked a lot. Epic scenes had time no see, great speeches, those who are in the great movies. A film something different, which I think, was excellent, I recommend it without hesitation.Worth going to the cinema to see films like this. A shame I could not see it in 3D.Best quote: "To fight monsters, we created monsters".Gypsy Ranger, what a warrior! What are you waiting for? Go see this movie now!
평점: 6	리뷰: Robots vs. Giant Monsters? What could possibly go wrong? How about bad acting, bad pacing, shallow and clichéd characters, and long stretches between action that feel like they're from another movie? Heck, it'll almost feel like you're watching a sequel to an earlier movie. I get that they wanted to put us in the middle of the story to better catch our attention and intrigue, but it would've been nice to see more of the start of the war instead of a summary. Therein lies one of the movie's main problems: it's rushed in some place...and slow in others. The other problem? The characters are paper thing cutouts we've seen before, and better.This is also displayed very early in when we meet our hero, Raleigh Becket, and his brother. They literally start their day battling a kaiju...and Raleigh's brother is killed. Thing is, we never learn anything about him other than he's the older brother and that's it. There's no reason to be sad when he's killed. Raleigh misses him deeply, but the audience isn't given any reason to miss him at all. Likewise, most of the other "Jaeger" pilots are just...there. They don't have any personality and play a ridiculously small role for people piloting giant robots to fight monsters. The ones that do have some personality/play a role are one-note stereotypes we've seen before.The only other pilot who really stands out is Mako Mori. She's given the most depth & backstory...but it's sadly undermined by Rinko Kikuchi's performance. And wouldn't ya know it, she and Raleigh have a romantic subplot that's dull and fairly intrusive. Raleigh himself is a boring, clichéd, unlikable hero. He has no personality other than being your standard issue fighting ace who fell from grace, but still has amazing, almost superhuman skills. That's all there is to him and we never really learn any more than that. It doesn't help that Charlie Hunnam is just another action movie star who'd skills seem limited to shouting, scowling, and smirking.Luckily, there's some good supporting players. Iris Elba gives the movie's best performance as the team leader Commander Pentecost. Ron Pearlman seems to be enjoying himself as (the snazzy dressed) black marketer Hannibal Chau. Charlie Day and Burn Gorman bring some energy & comic relief as a pair of scientists (though they can be kind of annoying)Thing is, it really could've all turned out better. The Kaiju are massive and bestial and look as fearsome as giant monsters would be if they were real.The Jaegers all have unique designs and abilities to help them standout (even if their pilots don't). The battles between them are fast, brutal and bombastic and are indeed the highlight of the film,especially in some pretty good 3D. Unfortunately, when there isn't any Kaiju vs. Jaeger action, it's as boring as a movie about cities being destroyed in battles between giant monsters and robots can be...
평점: 5	리뷰: So. Pacific Rim. In all honesty, how much you like the movie depends almost entirely on what you're expecting and what you like in movies.If you're watching the movie for mecha vs. monster action, then you will not be disappointed. The kaiju designs are wonderful, and at times wonderfully creepy, and the special effects make everything shine. There are plenty of battles and action, and mecha fans will be amused by homages to various mechas in media, even if non-mecha fans find those homages over- the-top. The movie takes a fair amount of time for world-building, which will appease action- seekers who are new to mechas. The action sequences will definitely have everyone on the edges of their seats; it's hard to dislike the movie on the basis of its action.However, it's very easy to dislike the movie in other ways. The characters are almost all painfully two-dimensional, and there's not much development to speak of. (Some characters are lucky enough to have some, but most go without, or with very weak development.) In fact, basically nothing here is character-driven. Characters interact, but you only glean the most basic of facts about them from their conversations. By the end of the movie, you know a bare handful of facts about each character, and with one or two exceptions, it's hard to see the characters as real, complex people. I don't remember most of the characters' names, and I'll only remember the characters themselves because of the actors playing them. The writing isn't much more impressive. Much of the dialogue is clunky and repetitive, and the movie itself is extremely predictable at times. (Arguably, the predictability is due to homages to mecha and kaiju films/series.) Also, there is an astounding lack of diversity in the cast. Of the named characters, only two are women, and of the named characters with substantial speaking parts, all are white except for Elba and Kikuchi, even though most of the movie is set in Hong Kong. Personally, I prefer my movies to be character-driven, so I was unimpressed with this film— and thus the rating. But, as I said, whether you love or hate the movie has to do with your personal tastes. Are you a mecha fan who loves action scenes? Then you'll probably adore this movie. But if you, like me, prefer complex characters who interact with each other in ways that aren't driven by plot, you'll probably want to pass on this one.
평점: 8	리뷰: When I first saw the trailers for Pacific Rim I thought that the story was going to be complete garbage but that the action scenes were going to be pretty cool. Well I was wrong, the story was actually somewhat interesting and I walked out of the movie theater impressed by the plot, along with the action. If you think that this movie is only made to impress your eyes, you are kind of right, but there is a lot more to the movie than that. This is a guy movie hands down, but it is actually worth the movie going experience. The acting can get bad in some spots but I thought that Charlie Day, Charlie Hunham, and Ron Perlman carried this pretty well. If you are going to see this movie because of the awesome giant robots vs giant aliens scenes, you will not be disappointed. One of the best movies of the summer in my opinion
평점: 10	리뷰: Robots and monsters, how could anyone go wrong with this combo?This movie does not disappoint and it provides a great theater experience. The film is fast paced and has stunning special effects. I think that sometimes we really take for granted some of the CGI and effects that these big budget movies tend to produce, but this flick has some of the best.If you have the means, Google your nearest IMAX theater and see this in IMAX 3D. I caught the early (Thursday night) preview of this movie in regular 3D and it was really great, but just saw the movie again in IMAX 3D and it really enhances the experience. Yes, it's pricey, but this film is well worth it.I know there are always a few reviews that will always be critical of something; we tend to criticize way too much. Do yourself a favor and just go see it. You will NOT be disappointed.Excellent movie. Great special effects. Good story line. Enough said!
평점: 7	리뷰: Okay if you are a mark like me for a movie about Giant Robots battling Monsters from another Dimension, then you will love this movie. The number one thing you have to know is that this is a B movie. Its meant to be goofy, implausible, fun. Besides all that, though is that it tries to deliver those qualities in the best possible way. It fully owns up to what it is and delivers those qualities 100%. Cool looking monsters and Robots, definitely. Bad ass action scenes, check. A somewhat hokey plot that still sounds cool, double check. Basically you either buy into the concept and enjoy a well made movie or go watch something else.
평점: 7	리뷰: This movie is by far THE BEST ROBOTS MOVIE ever made. Okay, it may not be as breathtaking as Transformers in the audio perspective, but the making of famous Japanese Gundam-like robots into Hollywood movie made this piece of work a marvelous add for the future robot movies.The storyline is definitely full of cheesy anime dialogues, the actors I have seen none of them are famous enough to be on my Hollywood radar (except Ron Perlman), but the directing, art, graphic, visual aid are very much superbbb!I love the geeky professor SNL star Charlie Day and antagonist character played by Hanibal Chau, they really stole the scenes.What really made this movie worked was the director.Great job, Guillermo del Toro!
평점: 7	리뷰: Pacific Rim is a sweet blend of several superb ingredients: the ambition and mass-destruction of kaiju films (such as Godzilla or Gamera), the premise and high-tech concepts of mecha anime (like Neon Genesis Evangelion), and the familiar style and imagination of Guillermo Del Toro (Hellboy I and II, Pan's Labyrinth, and more). It's especially noteworthy since there has never really been any major blockbuster films that portray giant robots and giant monsters on screen together; we've always had one or the other, but it's pretty common fare for mecha anime to slam them together and make them fight. A film like this seems long overdue.As expected, the action in Pacific Rim is very big and incredible. There are three major battles that pit towering machines against rampaging sea monsters from another world. Entire cities crumble within the film's prologue; in the fights that ensue, buildings get crushed, cars and trucks are thrown all over the place, and it truly seems like the world could get trampled at any moment. In between the battles, the film breathes pretty evenly, with the same playful energy that made the Hellboy movies so fun. Humor doesn't really play into it that much, but with the acting and colorful production design, this film is never all that serious or brooding; it's rather cheesy, lighthearted, over-the-top, and cartoonish. And it's fun that way.It's not all about the big fights and silliness though; the film has a solid focus on storytelling. It does take some effort though. The film introduces a plethora of clever concepts behind the premise of giant robots and monsters: terms like "drifting" and "neural handshake" become integral to the plot, and if you're not digging the concept, you might get lost (having already been familiar with even deeper concepts in the Evangelion saga, I couldn't help but to draw comparisons; in spite of that, I found Pacific Rim easy to follow). Aside from that, the plot is well-structured, and it's especially refreshing to see that every battle presents new problems and situations that make things unpredictable and more intense. Characters are given diligent attention; they are colorful, but they also show some decent depth and emotion.This film utilizes decent photography and editing. Acting has been criticized for being really silly, but it matches up really well with the film's overall tone and style; it even goes so far as to reinforcing the film as a live-action anime. This production uses some very big-scale and highly imaginative sets, props, costumes, and special effects. Music is really cool too.Pacific Rim, finally, an epic movie that shows giant machines and giant beasts brawling and wreaking havoc. It's got the elements of classic kaiju monster films, robot anime, and maybe even a little hint of HP Lovecraft in the mix. It is exceptional for its worldbuilding, and I found it very immersive and impressive. However, if you're not captivated by this world, then you might just shrug it off as something silly. If you're taken by this film's concepts, then it comes heartily recommended.5/5 (Entertainment: Perfect | Story: Very Good | Film: Very Good)
평점: 9	리뷰: Transformers was an amazing movie. When it first came out, it was a blockbuster movie. Everyone was talking about it, everyone bought the toys, everyone couldn't wait for a sequel.For quite some time, Transformers was left unchallenged. I mean really, that movie has a cult following. To challenge it would be stupid. Or is it?Pacific Rim proves that Transformers does not monopolize the giant robot/action/CGI movie industry. When I first watched it, I noticed two things: (1) The storyline was very predictable (2) I didn't care about '(1)', because most of time my face looked like this -> =O or =DTransformers had the wow factor, but it is a kid's movie compared to Pacific Rim. But the main reason I'd rate this movie 9 stars is because it brought the whole "Godzilla" and "King Kong" monster movies back in to limelight. They made evil mindless giants destroying cities cool again.Whats even better, this time, we fight back with giants of our own. If you're like me, you've played games like "Mech Warrior" or "Gears of War", then you will definitely love this movie. The giant robots are controlled by humans, like the giant robots in "Power Rangers" but 1000 times cooler.In my opinion however, the main selling point of this movie is the fact that Guillermo del Toro really stretched the limits of his imagination this time, fusing the Eastern "Godzilla" with the Western "King Kong" and adding a pinch of "Alien", creating his "Kaiju". He reflects these monsters with the robots too,creating "Jaegers". The wow factor in this movie is definitely that, combined with the amazing graphics. The tacky lines like the part where Mako Mori says "For my family!" before slashing the Kaiju or the part where Raleigh says "We're out of options" when they had a blade they didn't use until halfway through the movie, may make you frown a little when watching it. But that's all it does. You just frown. A little. You're still going to enjoy the movie, it really doesn't change anything.Ultimately, this movie is definitely going to be a classic. It doesn't matter what you may think, it's a movie that people will watch again and again, just to watch some robots beat the crap out of monsters. It is in the same league as the legendary "Godzilla" and "King Kong", and Guillermo del Toro is indeed deserving of awards (which I am sure he will get) for creating such a masterpiece.He has indeed, done it again.
평점: 9	리뷰: This movie had it all. Fresh faces, bleeping awesome cast, bleeping awesome effects, giant bleeping monsters, bleeping big a** robots, Ron BLEEPING Perlman and almost no cheese. It grabbed my attention all the way from start to finish. All cast members played their parts very well and I don't ever recall hearing any cheesy one liners at any point during the movie, which is a bonus.I only give it a 9 as I don't believe in perfection and the end left me wanting more. More robots, more monsters, more action and what comes next? It does, however, have everything needed to make a great bleeping movie.
평점: 9	리뷰: The Pacific Rim 2013 Movie is an American sci-fi film directed by Guillermo del Toro, written by del Toro and Travis Beacham which stars Charlie Hunnam, Idris Elba, Rinko Kikuchi, Charlie Day, Rob Kazinsky, Max Martini, and Ron Perlman aka Hellboy:D and the film is set in the 2020s, when Earth is under attack by Kaiju, a colossal monsters which have emerged from a portal on the ocean floor. To combat the monsters, humanity unites to create the Jaegers, a gigantic humanoid mecha each controlled by two pilots whose minds are joined by a neural bridge. Focusing on the war's later days, the story follows Raleigh Becket who is a washed-up Jaeger pilot called out of retirement and teamed with rookie pilot Mako Mori in a last-ditch effort to defeat the Kaiju and save the Earth from the apocalypse. http://goo.gl/M82KS
평점: 10	리뷰: The reason i go to the movies is to enter, just for a few minutes, in a world that we cannot see in real life. The giant monsters seen in the Sinbad movies, Godzilla, Gamera and other movies made my youth so much better. Years later the world became more cynic, and the cinema followed the same. Lost were the fun of yesterday and only the original Jurassic Park kept the spirit of the genre alive. Fast forward 20 years later, and Guillermo del Toro made a film almost impossible: a giant monsters vs giant robots with a heart (i.e.: not Transformers). I hope it inspire the same level of awe to a new generation of children, and ignite a wave of quality monster movies. With Godzilla just a year away, Pacific Rim is the best entertaining you can get until the king of the monsters movie next year. Not perfect but close enough, a sequel could only be better.
평점: 10	리뷰: If you're an animé fan (Japanese animation), then this is the movie for you!I came to the movie theater with a mindset that I am a kid again -- ready to fight Ultraman-Evangelion-Samurai X style -- something like that. Although, I am actually a kid in an adult's body. LOL.I was not disappointed with this movie. The movie was honest. It did not feel forced like the Transformers movies. I've seen del Toro's past work, e.g. Pan's Labyrinth and the Hellboy movies. I liked those movies of his, and especially this new one. It was big! Big concept with big action sequences -- and it delivered! This movie would make you wish you've seen it when you were in elementary! Prepare for some Ultraman-Gundam-Godzilla nostalgia!I hope Pacific Rim succeeds in the box office. It's a big, ambitious, original movie which pays tribute to the classic anime/comic book greats. Hollywood is currently obsessed with DC/Marvel superhero movies. We need more original movies like this that does not have Batman, Spider-man, or Iron Man in it's title as it's selling point.Guillermo del Toro deserves some huge credit!10/10
평점: 2	리뷰: The opening of the movie promised something special. The sum of its parts was a repetitive, boring and incredibly dull comedy. Fight scene after fight scene was metal monsters punching other monsters and occasionally shooting some high tech weapons. The acting was on a par with starship troopers and the scenes of the heroes being clapped by thronging workers on their return from missions was pathetic. As for the two scientists, were they supposed to be funny while the world was getting annihilated? I loved the scene where crowds were thronging to get into shelters and many were still carrying their umbrellas to protect them from the rain as skyscrapers were falling down around them, lol Sure there were some interesting special effects, but on the whole this was either pure comedy or a load of trash.
평점: 2	리뷰: I saw "Pacific Rim", starring Charlie Hunnam-Sons of Anarchy-t.v., The Ledge; Idris Elba-Thor, The Losers; Rinko Kikuchi-At River's Edge, Sideways; Charlie Day-It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia-t.v., Horrible Bosses and Ron Perlman-Sons of Anarchy-t.v., the Hellboy movies.This is a monsters versus giant robots movie that is directed by Guillermo del Toro-Pan's Labyrinth, the Hellboy movies. It reminded me of the old Japanese Godzilla movies that I used to watch, as a kid. Basically, it's a big budget "B" movie-Godzilla meets the Transformers, only there is more than just one Godzilla. The story takes place in the not too distant future-about 10 years from now-where a dimensional rift to an alien world has opened up a portal in our Pacific Ocean. The aliens are dinosaur-looking creatures that come through the portal, only a few at a time-as the years go by, they come more frequently. The governments of the world pool their resources and come up with giant robots, as a line of defense. The robots use two bonded pilots that are usually brothers or father & son, because it's easier to handle the robots. Charlie H is a veteran pilot, Idris is the boss of the robot program and Rinko is a new rookie pilot that teams up with Charlie H after he looses his brother in an earlier battle. Charlie D is a genius scientist-you have to have at least one of those-and Ron is a black market dealer that deals in alien body parts-he scavenges the bodies after fights and sells them. About one minute into the end credits, there is a scene that you should see. The movie is also being shown in 3D and IMAX 3D-that's what I saw it in. It's rated "PG-13" for the violence and brief language and has a running time of 2 hours & 12 minutes. If you like giant monsters fighting giant robots, then you should like this one. I enjoyed it and I would buy it on Blu-Ray.
평점: 10	리뷰: Seeing this maybe one of the most fun times I've ever had watching anything. Made with an obvious and beautifully apparent love for movie-making and entertainment, this film kicks down the door and strides onto the screen with such bravado and comfort in its substance and nature that I can see no way to dislike it. Yes, the plot is goddamn ridiculous at times. Yes, it's a little over-the-top at times. But you know what? That's beautiful. And we need more of that in our lives. A little unburdened fun is something we all could use, and this film delivers heaps upon heaps of unburdened fun. Let us not forget, though, that it is not all giant-robots-punching- giant-aliens in every scene (welcome though those incredible scenes are). No, this film is just as much story and characters than it is style and action. The identities of the main characters in this film are some of the most appropriately portrayed I have seen from the action/sci-fi genre in a long time. It's not a character drama, so not too much must be read into and there isn't too much weight or seriousness to the more calm parts of the story, creating a few meaningful plot points, which is perfectly enough to satisfy even the viewer who is suspicious of massive films like this lacking any plot whatsoever (and I have been accused of being one of these). I can't say exactly how I felt when it finished, but I was content with its conclusion, (though it was a tad sudden), and I was delighted that I'd taken in this film. Mr. Del Toro, you're a masterful entertainer and filmmaker, and thank you for creating a film that can stand up, be confident in its massive substance, and strive to entertain and create a good time. Because above all else, if you still need a reason to see it, Pacific Rim can guarantee a real goddamn good time at the movies.
평점: 4	리뷰: I read the comments about the thin plot, but I still wanted to see it. Sadly, the massive robots and decent cgi were not enough. Here are my points in addition to the multitude of plot holes already mentioned.The pacing is off. They did not flesh out the five years during which he was gone so that the movie continuously built to the climax without allowing space for the audience to make a connection to the characters - All the monsters look the same. Clones was a cheap excuse and it made the fight scenes indistinct.Plot: they never explained why they don't just nuke the monsters, especially if they can track them from the portal.Poor climax. When the credits rolled, I had a hard time leaving. The climax had no tension and left you feeling like there should have been more.a poor jab at the studios on my dime. I'm fairly sure the references to defecation (title, lighting, double event..., portal, etc) where intentional. Sure Hollywood makes crap movies, but this was a wasted opportunity to make a better one.

영화제목: Olympus Has Fallen
평점: 8	리뷰: Granted, I did not have much information about this movie prior to seeing it last week at an advanced screening. Some crazy action stuff that may be hard to believe, but if you just think Die Hard in the White House and just enjoy the movie for what it is, a good action flick that you can enjoy. Great villain who people cheered when he got killed. Good effects and great job by the cast, Gerard Butler got to be a badass and keeps the movie enjoyable. A lot of the stuff away from the White House felt a little flat and Morgan Freeman feels a little underutilized with this role, but overall I think the movie keeps a decent pace. While it doesn't bring anything really new or groundbreaking but still enjoyable and entertaining and worth seeing. I think that using North Korean terrorists was a different change of pace that was noticeable. Flawed but hadly unwatchable. Think of the first Die Hard movie where Bruce Willis kicked ass and you will enjoy it.
평점: 6	리뷰: Seen it in advance premier earlier today.I found it a nice action movie to spend the afternoon with some pizza and friends. Nothing more than that though. The plot is the usual terrorist attack and the usual hero that saves the day. The only original feature is that it all happens inside the White House. Some details in the plot could be more realistic. And parts of it I found strangely predictable. Still loads of people in the cinema applauded at several points and I felt inclined to join (never did though). I liked the bad guy. He was a no nonsense bad guy that I wanted to beat up. That means that his acting was good. The before mentioned applaud was at that point.Boys are gonna watch it because its a nice action movie with loads of fights/shooting/killing/guns etc. Girls are gonna watch it because of Gerald Buttler (according to the female friend that accompanied me to the screening)Nevertheless both should feel satisfied at the end of the movie... or was it the pizza...?? oh well...
평점: 6	리뷰: If you're looking for an action film straight out of the 90's but stuck in the present day, you'll arrive at Olympus Has Fallen. We're initially led to believe that this might offer a story of personal redemption, when it's in fact a rudimentary action flick with little purpose beyond entertaining the regular American viewer. There's nothing wrong with offering a film such as this, so long as its entertaining. And, thankfully, Olympus Has Fallen offers enough enjoyable and compelling moments to keep its viewers watching with some degree of interest. No, the characters are not compelling and far from fully developed, and that's not necessarily the point. The point here is to keep the audience entertained and occupied, which is done sufficiently, if in an inconsistently effective manner. Gerard Butler does what he has to, being the fairly routine action hero a la John McClane, which is a bit of a shame since the opening act alludes to so much more. But by the second half, just about all potential for actual exploration is cast aside. Aaron Eckhart is a likable actor in all of his performances, even in one as underplayed as this. There's also a potentially strong predicament foreshadowed early on that could've been utilized to give the film a great edge, but it's ultimately abandoned for the routine action movie wrap-up. Meanwhile, everyone's favorite key player, Morgan Freeman, really seems bored in each scene, as if he's only there to occupy the cameraman's attention.As you can probably guess, both the plot and characters are thin, with only implied potential separating the key players from even more routine movies (which isn't saying much). The action and tension are where Olympus Has Fallen is left to shine, which it does during the time is plays. Looking back, however, it's far easier to pick the movie apart. You'll be entertained while watching it, but left banging your head shortly after leaving the theater.Given the lackluster stream of movies released so far this year, Olympus Has Fallen is able to make enough room for itself. Taken into account with other action films, however, there's little (if anything) to truly make it stand out. There's a sense of identity crisis here, as the film is more or less lost in another time period and suggests more than it delivers. For my money, it's decent popcorn entertainment, but not much else.
평점: 7	리뷰: As shown in the trailer the attack on white house sequence is worthy to be seen from the initial setup to the entire process really reminds me Die Hard or Con Air. The movie is purely action thriller, no more, no less. Only gripe is the horrible spoken Korean by terrorists and their lines are just god awful beyond laughable level. Otherwise, main casts are solid and good amount of spectacular action scenes keep the pace going till the end. The script is very plain if it wasn't for the decent direction and editing, it barely passes the standard for dialogs. But some action scenes might be too much for certain tastes, its rated R after all. Some CG were pretty blend worse than the video games in today's standards.
평점: 5	리뷰: What do you call a movie that borrows and steals (no begging because "the United States does not negotiate with terrorists") bits and pieces and even huge chunks from great action movies from the 1980s and 1990s? Try OLYMPUS HAS FALLEN. Alternatively, a fitting title would have been HOW THE MIGHTY HAVE FALLEN and by that I am not just referring to director Antoine Fuqua.From its opening scene of the American flag fluttering to the last scene of the American flag fluttering, the narrative is nothing but a brutal illustration of a song all Americans hold dear – The Star Spangled Banner. It's one thing to be patriotic while injecting moderate dosages of propaganda (think ZERO DARK THIRTY). But what do you call propaganda that goes pro bono? As Fuqua and his newly recruited screenwriters have aptly called it: OLYMPUS HAS FALLEN. Moving up the ranks from a two-faced politician in THE DARK KNIGHT to the President of the United States, Aaron Eckhart's President Benjamin Asher loses his wife during Christmas (Ashley Judd as First Lady Margaret Asher) in a freakish turn of events that not even NASA or NORAD or the NSA saw coming. Secret Service Agent Mike Banning (Gerard Butler) confines himself to a world of guilt even though he did the best he could to save the First Lady. But Lo and behold! Banning's chance at redemption comes knocking, actually thundering through the air when The White House comes under siege by Korean terrorists. As the whole world watches in horror (because the most powerful man on Earth is held hostage in the most protected building on Earth) only one man will risk his life to prove a point; everyone else risking their lives will die because they don't have anything to prove.Seen this movie before? Once upon a time not too long ago, German terrorists hijacked the Nakatomi Plaza in Los Angeles during a Christmas party. Little did they know that they would be dealing with a stubborn cop that wouldn't quit nosing around. But 25 years later and after the abysmal DIE HARD 5, it's time John McClane stepped aside, making way for Mike Banning – a Secret Agent cum Special Forces operative cum one man army who has main antagonist Kang (Rick Yune) eating kimchee out of his hands in no time. Why Korea? Now that ZERO DARK THIRTY director Kathryn Bigelow has tagged and bagged Osama bin Laden's big toe, who will the mighty US war machine trains its sights on? New enemies of course! ARGO made the Iranians look like fools. RED DAWN was remade, if anything, to point a finger at North Korea. And so the show of force continues on why the United States will never have to negotiate with terrorists.From having made memorable political thrillers like TRAINING DAY and SHOOTER, Fuqua falls flat with this ridiculously unrealistic action romp that also happens to be the most predictable movie yet. Morgan Freeman takes over as the acting President and then uses his documentary styled narration to spice up every dialogue with an exclamation. And since Freeman is in the movie Judd tags along for the ride like peas in a pod. Then there is Dylan McDermott in another very badly written role where you end up wondering what's the point of his character in the first place. As far as the action goes, there is plenty of mayhem and bloodletting with bombs bursting in the air and rockets going out in a red glare. But even after all the expended firepower that gives the White House a Swiss cheese makeover, Fuqua doesn't measure up to Roland Emmerich's panache for obliterating the White House (INDEPENDENCE DAY and 2012). Speaking of which, we may have to watch this movie again come summer 2013 as Emmerich has taken the liberty to simply call it WHITE HOUSE DOWN. Go figure! Where Fuqua gets it right is in the final scene. The message is more modest than forced and it acknowledges that years of continues war has brought America down on her knees. That her former glory and might awaits and will continue to be the 'Land of the Free and the Home of the Brave' as long as her children come together, differences aside, and begin rebuilding the nation. God bless America!
평점: 5	리뷰: The making of this film was inevitable as "Under Siege" or other far fetched scenarios requiring the lone cop/soldier/secret service hero to save the day. Oddly, I happened to watch a recent set of episodes of the TV show "24" where commandos take over the White House. Without question there was better direction, action, acting, and more intelligent story. One even questions if the budget was better for the TV show. Not a single CG effect in "Olympus Has Fallen" looks believable. They all have this painted look, not even close to photo-realistic. Especially bad were the shots of the exterior of the White House. At times looking obviously computer fake, other times looking model fake.One of the biggest failures was to make our group of villains memorable. Frankly our hero Gerard Butler is pretty bland too. Morgan Freeman as the de facto Commander in Chief helps save the gravitas, but even he has to say some dumb stuff. Aaron Eckhart as the president never actually acts like one. The Secretary of State goes through a comical showdown with the bad guy. With all the setup in the first act about the intricacies of the security of the White House, and the hero's camaraderie with the President's son, you would expect some better payoff. Heck, the boxing ability of the President had some potential for some mano-a-mano but no.I sensed a bit too much schmaltz in the production. Where the pacing and story should have been Bourne lean and frenetic, the pacing stops for a chat with the wife, or a story with the kid. Then comes the cliché heroic music stings that are heard one too many times. I also found it strange how much blood seemed to be required in almost every shot. Even though the film fulfills the action quota, it has no business clocking in at almost two hours. Even when they try to up the stakes with nuclear Armageddon, you would rather there was a bit more pizzaz when it comes to the pacing and the character clashes, than the illogic of the premise.Another drawback is the lack of scope. Stuck in a drab house, even if it is THE White House, all the action takes place amidst hallways and ordinary rooms. Most of the guns and knives fighting seem run-of-the-mill. A better script would follow the "24" story evolution as the plot turns from a White House takeover to perhaps a chase to hunt down the perpetrators. Or better characters spelling out the intrigue and ramifications. Angela Bassett seems to have nothing to do. Compare that to Joan Allen's character in "Bourne Supremacy", she propels the urgency of the situation as her character is scrutinised. Maybe since Bassett is the head of the Secret Service, she tries to sniff out the mole.Too much is left on the sidelines that could have made this more of a smart thriller. It isn't enough to be just "Die Hard in the White House" these days.
평점: 7	리뷰: I find it ironic that Gerard Butler, a Scotsman, as disgraced Secret Agent Mike Banning, embodies the spirit of John McClane much more than Bruce Willis did in that last dreadful outing. If anything, Butler has done nothing more than to cement his reputation as a bankable and likable action hero for the new generation in this old-school action movie. He has a commanding presence on-screen, quips wisecracks, bleeds when it's crucial, and dispatches the bad guys in a methodical cross between Jason Bourne and John Rambo. Not even the fine supporting cast (Morgan Freeman, Aaron Eckhart, Angela Bassett, Robert Forster, Melissa Leo, Dylan McDermott) can take away Butler's limelight.Indeed, Antoine Fuqua's "Olympus Has Fallen" is not only terrific entertainment but a terrific throwback to the pivotal 90's action movie, the Die Hard clone - and this film ("Die Hard" in the White House) is another reminder of why the trusted formula works, even if it has been dormant for nearly two decades (the last good big one being Peter Hyams' "Sudden Death").From the moment the film's main action start, the film doesn't stop running. The bad guys, hoo boy do they mean business. Rarely, if at all, have I seen this much brutal collateral damage in an American action film. Americans citizens get mowed down by bullets from ground and air forces. The all-American (Scottish) hero represents freedom and justice, and the bad guys represent every American's worst nightmare. I haven't seen this much political incorrectness since "The Delta Force". Having said that, Rick Yune surprisingly makes for an effective and nasty villain, who is relentlessly cold, smug and procedural in his mission, following the formula perfectly. If it ain't broke, don't fix it.It's fast, it's loud, it's preposterous, and yet I enjoyed every minute of it. The film is chock-full of sensational and well-shot action sequences/special effects, but its biggest strength is its cohesion. From start to finish the plot moves smoothly, and you can tell who the good guys and the bad guys are. The characters are established, their motives clear, and that's that. The action sequences do not simply skip to each other, they flow perfectly like a stream, thanks to crisp editing. Simplicity is key here, and convoluted plots do not fit in the formula (hear that, "Die Hard 5"?)Fuqua is no stranger to action, having helmed the solid "Shooter" six years ago. Here he ratchets up the action up to a 10 (CGI is present but used reasonably), and he remarkably doesn't hold back on the tension. It's no "Training Day", but it more or less hearkens back to an Antoine Fuqua who made "The Replacement Killers". Just thrilling fun.Of course the plot isn't original. It's a genre picture, and what I pay to see in a genre picture is its skillful craft and cohesive plot. This film has both, and resurrects the Die Hard clone from the grave. Here I thought I was getting bored of action movies. The genre is dying, you say? Here's a solid kicker.
평점: 7	리뷰: This movie is telling us the White House is easy to be breached, all Americans are stupid, only one British secret service agent is smart, and the President's son isn't brain dead as his father.It may look like an all star movie, but due to it's poor story hence it's a total waste of good actors such as Morgan Freeman, Aaron Eckhart, Angela Bassett, and Robert Forster. There's not much for them to act!I'll be more intrigued if the war is started by the North Korea, come on, please be more realistic. We all know someday the North Koreans will start a new war. Why there's no one got the balls to make one good movie about it?Some CGIs are good, but the White House looked fake.
평점: 3	리뷰: I'm not exactly what you'd call an action movie fan but I had enjoyed Expendables 2 when it hit the cinemas. The difference between a good action movie and a mediocre one is that the former contains well- developed, understated characters that don't beg you (the audience) for attention. "Show, not tell" is the most important lesson they teach you in drama school, unfortunately too many movie-makers ignore these basics thus, driving their entire plot into clichéd territory. Whereas Expendables 2 made a strong impression due to deadly performances by French-accented Jean Claude Van Damme and Jason Statham, Olympus has fallen fails to make the mark despite some edge-of-the-seat excitement and a brilliant storyline. It's nice to have ceaseless gunfire, helicopter attacks and rogue nukes all over the screen but they should remain in the backdrop.I repeat, NOTHING can replace method acting, especially when you have a cast like Aaron Eckhart (Thank you for Smoking), Morgan Freeman and Gerard Butler. Freeman looked tired and bored whereas Butler was too busy being badass, his character didn't come alive despite being portrayed as a one-man demolition machine. But, he still has a few cheeky one-liner moments against the Korean villain Kang and the United States government, but don't you see, anyone in that situation would have reacted with the same sense of humour. A lot of dialogue writers need to be fired for lacking imagination, and for making me yawn!
평점: 10	리뷰: this movie is a masterpiece and a work of art. the action just keeps coming and the plot is believable. this has become my favorite movie of all time.the characters come to life. I must warn you all, however, that there are extreme images of violence against women. however, if you are a fan of explosions, shooting,and hard core fight scenes, then this movie with an all star cast is for you. I give this movie 10 stars out of ten rating, because it deserves it. it could possibly be the best movie of the year, or even the decade. the protagonist, Gerard Butler, shines in his best role yet.some of the parts were predictable, but to have a movie about America falling to terrorists in American markets, without a bit of hero action predictability, would more than likely not bet met with such enthusiasm in America. then again you always want to see the hero win over the bad guy. Gerard Butler does this with class and style. you get the good guy with the bad attitude approach. he even tells off the acting president.(spoiler alert!)***I was sad to see Ashley Judd die so early on in the film. Aaron Eckhart too is in his best role yet. Morgan Freeman was a huge let down, but the rest of the stars carried him nicely. I was very disappointed with Mr. Freeman's performance.watching the American flag fall and the white house explode was the best part for me. It was so beautiful it brought tears to my eyes of happiness. the antagonist of the film was superb. he was ruthless and calculating. the special effects are top notch and it looked so real.all in all this film is a true must see masterpiece. it has it's moments of downfall, as any film will, but they recover nicely from these faults and the action packed plot keeps you engaged.
평점: 10	리뷰: Olympus Has Fallen sets the tone in the opening scenes by letting the audience know that the leading man(Gerard Butler)is a secret service agent who at all times puts country first before any personal feelings. So right away you know that in the end the bad guys aren't going to stand a chance against a true American patriot like agent Mike Banning. Gerard Butler plays the part very, very well and is quite good as an action hero. You find yourself really rooting for him to succeed in saving America from even more tragedy than what has already occurred. Ashley Judd has a small part as the warm and loving First Lady and mother of the President's son Connor(Finley Jacobsen). Aaron Eckhart is solid as the President of the United States and Rick Yune plays the part of the North Korean terrorist bent on destroying America "to a T". Last but not least, Morgan Freeman is Speaker of the House Martin Trumbull who assumes the Presidency while the President is held captive.Olympus Has Fallen has a solid plot, and you hope that God forbid a scenario like this could never happen in real life. The action and the special effects are fantastic. You are engrossed in this movie from start to finish, it delivers as promised.As I sat there and enjoyed this movie, a thought came to mind. If Morgan Freeman were to really run for President of the United States, he might actually get a lot of votes. He's played a President twice that I know of and has played other political leaders in various other movies. He's quite believable in the part. Just a thought.Olympus Has Fallen is a great movie and I would highly recommend seeing it!
평점: 7	리뷰: I walked into his movie expecting a straightforward bloody action movie with a determined hero, and that's pretty much what I got. Gerard Butler plays a U.S. special forces agent who is forced to stop a group of Korean terrorists who attack the White House and kidnap the president, played by Aaron Eckhart. The U.S. government must formulate a plan to stop them before it is too late (not spoiling). It is clear from the get-go that these terrorists mean business and that gives you a sense of dread as they attack and kill innocent people.Not to sound morbid, but the attack on the White House is a fantastic scene (although it is unclear just how these terrorists got so close in the first place). There are lots of explosions that would make Michael Bay proud, although the CGI is a bit shaky. There are also at least 5 shots of the U.S. flag waving prominently. I was on edge through that entire scene. Gerard Butler is a bad-ass here. He knows his mission and is determined to succeed. He is very reminiscent of Bruce Willis in Die Hard and Liam Neeson from Taken. The way these terrorists act, you will end up rooting for him. Aaron Eckhart plays the president and he plays it just fine. Morgan Freeman plays the Speaker of the House and most of the time he looks like he is extremely stressed out (in real life). The move is pretty straightforward, but it works. If you can suspend your disbelief it is a pretty fun ride. The movie is very bloody and violent and there are a LOT of head-shots. There is some genuinely funny dialogue and one-liners delivered by Butler that had the audience giggling and that should be enough to keep you going.Now some negative things: the movie is derivative of several others, most notably Die Hard, Taken, and Rambo. Nothing very original here. The acting is a little on the stale side for the most part, the score is overly dramatic at times, like it's trying to make you feel emotion, and the CGI explosions look downright fake at times.In the end this is a fun popcorn movie with an patriotic flavor. Although it's not the least bit original, you will come out of it loving America at least a little bit more.
평점: 8	리뷰: If I was a critic I would have written this movie off. Saying that its just one of those movies with the same old plot with a bit modification. This is true, but as an audience I thoroughly enjoyed this movie.The best thing about this movie is its pace. You won't know how fast the 110 minutes go. There's not a minute you feel bored. The attack sequences are bit over the top, but if you are a drama lover, you won't be disappointed. The storyline isn't much to think about but the screenplay is apt. Its a good thing that the director Antonie Fuqua keeps things simple, doesn't dig too much into the conspiracy stuff and also doesn't include any unnecessary twists.Gerard Butler does what he does best, fight bad guys. Aaron Eckhart as the stern faced president reminds you of Harvey Dent. Morgan Freeman probably is there to strengthen the star value in the film. But its the villain Rick Yune with his evil smile who impresses.This is an out and out entertainer, don't think too much, just be in the moment and watch this movie.
평점: 5	리뷰: To the casual untrained eye it would seem that director Antoine Fuqua's film Olympus Has Fallen is just a generic thriller that adopts the basics of the Die Hard formula, or rather an Air Force One filled with laughable special effects and unashamed borrowing of superior cinematic products. However, the entire film is an incredibly poetic allegory of Fuqua's career itself alluding to the promise of creative potential that succumbed to overtly insipid storytelling dependent on mindless distractions. Coming onto the scene with great promise through his gritty police drama Training Day it seems Fuqua's career has been falling at a steady pace ever since with each film under his tutelage getting far more ridiculous and far more unrealistic. The devolution of realism can be seen through Fuqua's filmography as he moved from shallow war drama (Tears of the Sun) to illogical conspiracy political thriller (Shooter) to the White House hostage takeover in Olympus Has Fallen. Olympus Has Fallen is beyond absurd and despite some tenuously directed sequences coupled with a surprisingly admirable yet failed attempt at being charismatic from Gerard Butler the film plummets in a downward spiral filled with preposterous setups, brainless dialogue, and over the top violence all on par with a Steven Seagal straight to DVD release. There is plenty of manipulative flag-waving here and it becomes so forceful that you begin to think you're watching the American equivalent of Leni Reifenstahl's Triumph of the Will but in action movie form. Despite having some promise to his career it seems that Fuqua has become Olympus and he has fallen incredibly hard with little to no hope of standing up again. Action junkies will be more than pleased with the adrenaline infused Olympus Has Fallen but that isn't enough to separate it from the other forgettable action frenzied flicks that regularly make their way to the theaters. If you're itching for an improbable, monotonous, and violent piece of manipulative propaganda filled to the brim with action distractions then Olympus Has Fallen is your kind of film but all others should just avoid it all together. It's too bad there isn't a tactical team that could save Fuqua from plummeting further away from his potential talent and keep him from wasting opportunities.Read more here: http://wp.me/py8op-wR Other reviews: generationfilm.net
평점: 10	리뷰: Mike Banning is a new American Hero! Great movie, well cast, Aaron Eckart does good job as President, Morgan Freeman as Speaker of the House. Gerard Butler as Mike Banning aka Mr. Badass, and even the Asian bad guy was well cast. The movie was well scripted, entertaining, great action scenes, plot keeps you entertained and wanting to find out more, great one liners, and a true patriotic American ending where the whole audience clapped once the bad guy was killed and at the end of the film. Overall Olympus has fallen is a great movie! The only downside would be the script is a little bland but the movie's well makes up for that and it makes it a very enjoyable two hours. It's by far the new Die Hard, great job by the director and Gerard Butler was great, true American Patriot Mike Banning is the Man, the next John McClane! He's a true American Hero!
평점: 9	리뷰: i saw that movie yesterday actually i was going to see oz the great and powerful but i can't find it in a cinema around so i choose that movie wish not disappointing me this movie one of the best action movie that we can't expect what next first from the death of the first lady then the way the Korean took the white house by American technology this is a message from the director that the technology American is developing may be uses against them and then the long time the army took to arrive to white house and finally do not make military people take decisions because they think by only power solution not peacefully solution the movie have a lot of messages but some event happen i don't like like that Arab people happy because the white house was taken and that not completely true a lot of Arab people love peace and do not want any one to be hurt even this people are good or bad because no place in the world all of them are good or all of them are bad so we like peace but the point i like in this movie that the military force don't make you strong but the loyalty of people like the president or mike or the speaker Morgan freeman who i like that character very much someone who don't make his felling against mike who consulting him before don't trust him and uses him for benefits of the country and for everyone i'm not a person who like action movies but that movie was amazing
평점: 6	리뷰: I was wondering the other day if it's possible to find a review of this movie that does not mention the words Die Hard. Seems that the comparison is inevitable and it seems that Olympus Has Fallen is begging for a comparison. In fact, perhaps it's an homage to that action franchise, as it's more akin to the spirit of the original Die hard movie than its official sequel.If you've seen the trailer, then you'll know the plot. The White House is being attacked by a group of North Korean terrorists and hold the president hostage. As is with a lot of 90s action flicks, there is only one person who could save the day and that man is Mike Banning (Gerard Butler). The first ten minutes or so of exposition reveals a tragic event during his day as a Presidential guard. 18 months later, Banning is confined to a desk job and even as time passes he's still consumed with regret that he let his boss and friend, that is President Asher, down. So naturally, he's more than eager to redeem himself when the chance presented itself one sunny Summer day. The attack comes hard, fast and vicious. The first attack came from above, but instead of a space ship, practically the entire Washington DC is sprayed with bullets from an air carrier, and within minutes, the supposedly most secure building in the entire free world is reduced to rubble with dead bodies piling up on its grounds.The words fresh and original aren't likely to be associated with this film, but it certainly stays completely true to its title. Olympus indeed has fallen, and Antoine Fuqua doesn't pull any punches with the brutality of how it goes down. It's rated R for a reason, it's violent and bloody. I lost count how many people getting shot in the head at close range and all the severe stabbings. Banning himself has no qualms in *taking care* of the enemies. He seems to subscribe to the same "No mercy! No surrender!" motto as his most famous role in 300, but with a bit more humor thrown in. Some of the one-liners did deliver some laughs, especially his defiant quips at the Pentagon folks, though Butler's character not quite as charismatic as Bruce Willis' John McClane as the script lacks some serious wit.Unfortunately it's lacking in common sense as well. Granted, the believability factor depends on whether you'd believe a group of extreme terrorists could deliver such a blow to the United States. The thing is, I don't know how such a big aircraft could enter our airspace, passing through Andrew Air force Base, without being shot down? The security forces are so quickly rendered powerless it's as if they've never been trained to respond to emergency attack whatsoever. But the biggest plot blunder of all is how Banning is still able to get security clearance once he's inside the President's compound as he's technically no longer part of the Service. Yet could still use his thumb print to gain access, has the right code to open a safe, etc. as if he's never left! I mean, they didn't change authorization codes every time there's a shift in the security personnel? WOW, some *security* huh? Now, I can't possibly write this review and not mention the cheesy special effects. I get that this is a throwback to 90s action blockbuster, but do they have to throw in 90s SFX as well?? It gets distracting at times, especially during the ambush scene in broad daylight. Fortunately things get better and grittier as the day progresses, and the action gets more up-close with more hand-to-hand combat between Butler and whoever is unlucky enough to get in his way. Butler is utterly believable as a bad ass special forces, he's definitely credible in action flicks and as a one-man army. Yet he's not wooden or vacant like many action stars, he still brings a touch of humanity to the role as the mission is a personal one for his character. There's some emotional resonance in his scenes with Aaron Eckhart as the beleaguered POTUS, and also with his young son.The supporting cast are stellar but not really given much to do. We've seen Eckhart and Morgan Freeman in far better roles, but their presence did add gravitas to the project. Melissa Leo got more screen time than I though but I'm disappointed that the still-athletic Angela Bassett didn't get to do any butt-kicking in this movie! I was sure she would get to do some of that when she was cast as the head of Secret Service. Rick Yune pretty much rehashed his role as Bond villain in Die Another Day as the villainous mastermind Kang who's hellbent to get his hands on US nuclear missiles. I guess he's serviceable but nothing more, a far cry from the iconic performance of say, Hans Gruber, as Kang is neither menacing nor entertaining. I'd say the characters of Dylan McDermott and Radha Mitchell could've been left in the cutting room floor and they won't make a dent.The spirit of patriotism is so high in this movie, there's absolutely no room for subtlety. A torn down American flag being thrown by the bad guys from rooftops falls in slow-motion as a patriotic score comes on, there are plenty of moments like this and I can't help but feel a bit emotional despite its corny sentimentality.Despite all the flaws though, I still think this one is not a bad movie. In fact, it's actually quite entertaining and action fans should be pleased to see the relentless combat scenes and countless shootouts. There's also a decent level of suspense overall, and I definitely feel a pang in my gut seeing our leaders being violated in such a way. The subject matter of terrorism is sadly still relevant to this day, and at times it really hit close to home.
평점: 8	리뷰: First, you know this film was pitched as "Die Hard in the White House." Yet, given that limitation, the film manages to avoid a number of pitfalls that have crept into the many lesser imitations of the first (and still best of them) "Die Hard." It's the characters in the film that keep it from being too much of a cartoon. The lead character, played by Butler, has had a fall a grace. In a more clichéd film, he'd be a broken, embittered alcoholic (e.g., Kevin Bacon in "The Following") who happens upon a chance for redemption and salvation. Instead, Butler's Secret Service agent is getting on with his life in a desk job, disappointed, anxious to be of more use, but not a shambling wreck of a human. He is a career professional, and when the events of the story take place, he reacts like a professional. The wisecracks are few (he doesn't "kill n' quip") and understated, which makes them more effective. Other characters have small touches (especially Melissa Leo) that make them distinctive and worth rooting for. A very welcome touch is the way the film-makers foil our expectations...they've seen many of the same movies, and rather than follow the cookie-cutter approach of bad scripts, they twist those situations to make them new and interesting.The action is well done and exciting. It's not a perfect film, but more than competent, continually engaging, and, in the highest praise I can offer, worth full price.
평점: 7	리뷰: I have to say.... this year may be the hardest year for Die Hard fans because A Good Day To Die Hard just so bad and completely garbage maybe Olympus Has Fallen can heal Die Hard fans ups ?The Answer is yes ! Olympus Has Fallen got a lot of fun and satisfied action scene that you just think that " Hey it's should be like that in A Good Day To Die Hard " With Non-Stop Action , some epic scene that just make you so much fun at it.Gerard Butler finally makes the right decision here , He's just so bad- ass in this movie ! And he just fit perfectly in the role.But the things that drops the Olympus is almost everything in the movie just doesn't make sense even you're not the guy that watch a thousands of action movie , you can know that " Hey that's not making any sense.... "And The Casting , some actor are just not good... like Rick Yune he's try so hard to be such a bad guy that can kill everything in the world if it's necessary but unfortunately it doesn't work.... and Morgan Freeman in this movie he's just like the old man just sit there and doing nothing.But in the end the amount of satisfied you got is just good for wasting some of 2 hours of yours life to watch this movie rather than a completely garbage A Good Day To Die Hard .
평점: 9	리뷰: Saw OHF last night at Big Newport on the big screen. If you're expecting an over the top "Die Hard" stunt fest peppered with dumb quips, be prepared to be pleasantly surprised. This is an efficient thriller designed to put you on the edge of your seat and keep you there till the very end. The assault on the WH was insane, with the same raw intensity of the first 20 minutes of "Saving Private Ryan". (And yes, the memories of 9/11 made it even more of a gut punch.) Fuqua is not pulling any punches. The violence is real and unvarnished. But lest you get pounded into submission, you have charismatic Gerard Butler story of redemption. That's where Creighton and Katrin Rothenberger's lean, taut, juggernaut of a screenplay does its job best. The stakes are high. And sh** gets real. Real fast. Butler is solid as the haunted former secret service stud taking the fight to the terrorists. . Morgan Freeman is great as the Speaker of the house who suddenly has the scariest job in the world. Angela Bassett keeps it real (and smokin hot) as head of the secret service. Rick Yune is believable as a cold-blooded shot-caller who could f*** Gerard Butler up. (His crew is scary.) Yes, it gets a little flag-wavey at the end, but that's forgivable. Lots of OMG moments, a few nervous laughs, all wrapped up in a human drama that'll make you feel good walking out.
평점: 4	리뷰: How does a terrorist leader, long gone missing, know that a Secret Service Agent on Presidential detail has a wife who works as a nurse? Why would the same terrorist leader still keep the President alive when his only bargaining chip (the son) has gone and all nuclear codes have been obtained? How does a group of terrorists (with one looking totally out of place with long hair) masquerade as staff for the South Korean Premier and waltz into the most secure seat of power in the world without any credentials or background checks? How on earth are we supposed to believe that Aaron Eckhart is a President? How did Mike Banning believe that Forbes survived that brutal blitz on White House when his own mates died like puppets and still be the good guy? And what were they busy talking about when Forbes had a clear instruction to eliminate Banning? Why did artists of the caliber of Antoine Fuqua, Melissa Leo, Morgan Freeman, and Ashley Judd (the wisest of them all, decided to dropout after copping it in first sequence) sign on for this caper? Too many questions, too many plot holes. Olympus Has Fallen has a tremendous cast, but with such a terrible story-line, unbelievably woeful dialogue, one-dimensional screenplay (Mike Banning could be the Hulk, for all I care, he can escape anything), it is nowhere close to the class of a Die Hard or an AirForce One.There is the obligatory male-bonding boxing scene to state the mutual respect. Then, the haunted male hero with his nightmarish failure to save the First Lady consuming him. Then, we have the rising global threat of terrorism in the Far East. The mix is already potent and putrid. Add Gerard Butler's average acting and it just becomes worse. The only one to come out of this muddled mess with some credibility intact is Rick Yune, who portrays Kang with twisted sadism. The film needed a strong contrast to the hero and Yune provides it with sufficient panache, although his motive seems murky and unconvincing at best.Do yourself a favor and watch this when it comes on a boring TV Thursday night three years from today!
평점: 9	리뷰: If you are looking for a perfect date-night movie, this is it! It has a wonderful romantic beginning and yet keeps the typical 'chick-flick' elements to a minimum. The action parts of it are as destructive as Independence Day. The plot may need a bit more, but amidst all this action, who really minds? Olympus Has Fallen has all the attraction of a 1990's action flick. When you see the other reviews of "Die Hard in the White House", believe them! I do wish to add, that Butler's role of that disgruntled agent doesn't really describe him well. It is more like Eastwood's In the Line of Fire- in that he has a redemption opportunity and then proves that he can be the hero. Butler's Mike Banning is indeed a composite of many action heroes from the 1990's, but that is why I, as a gal, liked this just as well as my husband did!
평점: 10	리뷰: folks i was waiting for this movie for the last 3 months after i heard we were having a world premiere for a Gerald butler movie in India and to say the least this movie rocks without giving out any country's name it shows how heroes prove themselves and its awe inspiring . Gerald Butler is like ala WILL SMITH from Independence Day and Aaron Eckhart is ala Bill Pullman its a must watch it shows the President is human where he removes a friend from his detail because he feels he couldn't save his wife though he did his job.Special mention for Morgan Freeman and the scene to be seen is when Gerald chastises the American Military head calling him flash, Its a must watch folks especially in the big screen it made me remember Independence Day
평점: 9	리뷰: In the original Die Hard film, which was great for its time, the setting was a high rise building in Downtown Los Angeles. The characters who were most vulnerable to a terrorist attack were the 20+ people enjoying a Christmas Party on one of the mid-level floors. Our hero, the one who would save his wife and the other hostages, is the unsuspecting John McClane, a New York City police officer with a bad boy attitude. Trying to top the first (and maybe even the second) Die Hard film is like trying to fly a plane through the Washington Monument, then crushing the White House. You simply couldn't ever do it.That is, until Antoine Fuqua grabbed onto the script for Olympus Has Fallen and shook his audiences with one of the most intense action scenes ever to take place on American soil. Imagine Red Dawn and multiply the realism of devastating an American city by 100 and you'll come close to experiencing what moviegoers witnessed at theaters during the opening weekend of Olympus.When I went out for a Saturday afternoon matinée, I'll admit that I was expecting a B-Grade film with corny acting and horrible lines. Olympus was anything but bad. Every time you expected to see an actor pull out a cliché, the characters had amazing restraint. Every time you expected a bad guy to show some unbelievable mercy, the good guys would mercilessly fall at the hands of a gruesome terrorist. And every time you expected the hero to say something goofy after killing a bad guy (trying to be like McClane), there was usually silence; allowing the audience to soak in the intensity of the slaughter. As part of that audience, I thoroughly enjoyed almost every aspect of this movie, despite having to suspend bits of reality that seemed to go away during the rush of storytelling.Normally, I check the time on my phone at some point during a movie (against all those rules that say keep your phone off), but with Olympus, I never looked one time. This was edge-of-your-seat entertainment that made the original Die Hard movie look like child's play.
평점: 8	리뷰: These type of movies are the reason people flock to the theaters and fork out ten bucks for a ticket,a fun filled, action packed, and slightly humorous flick that won't leave audiences disappointed.It has been awhile since Gerard Butler has lead an action packed film on this level, and he certainly doesn't disappoint. His stunts and acting were great and The story of redemption plays out wonderfully and you are always rooting for Mike Banning(Butler) to succeed, Butler redeems himself as proves he still has the chops to lead a big action flick. But the credit of the success and level of action that made the film what it was, was Director Antoine Fuqua, his films always entertain and leave us at the end of our seats and this film certainly qualifies as one of his best films.The supporting cast helps amp up the level of intensity, Melissa Leo, you ma'am are a bad ass. Rick Yune, as always you are a handsome villain, maybe one day you can be on the good side and we will root for you instead of wanting you to bite it in the movie.All the elements cast, set, costumes, music, and SGI effects make this film awesome,although my only qualm is that I hope our Secret Service is better equipped and prepared in the event, that something like that should happen.
평점: 9	리뷰: Loved the movie! It reminded me of the early "Die Hard" days, and was just as good as those movies were. THIS IS NOT A MOVIE FOR KIDS. It is rated "R" for a reason. Olympus is extremely violent and bloody. I lost count of how many people were shot in the head or had their necks broken.I'm not a huge fan of Gerald Butler, but I thought he was excellent in this movie. Melissa Leo was amazing. I would have liked to see a little more of the relationship between the President's son and Gerard's character. I thought Angela Bassett was great, but under-utilized as was Ashley Judd. (Somebody give these ladies a lead role. They deserve it!) There's a lot to take in, and sometimes the writer and director ask you to believe some sort of silly things to make the movie work. Don't over think the film, just go along for the ride and enjoy it. I sure did.
평점: 9	리뷰: Gerald Butler is amazing in this White House Invasion Action Movie. A very good movie that hits home, how important important our National Security and Defense are to our United States of America. This story and movie is pretty far fetched but we as a country saw in 2001 how something somewhat similar really happened. Overall the Action and Acting were Very Good. "Olympus Has Fallen" kept us on the edge of our seats waiting for Gerald Butler to come to the Rescue and he does in flying colors. And Morgan Freeman adds a lot of credibility in his supporting role. I'm so glad we picked this Movie to see over just another Animation Movie like "The Croods" Today.
평점: 10	리뷰: This is by far the best action movie I have seen since the first Die Hard. When I went to this movie, I was not sure what to expect. Jake said it sounds like a tired formula. Well, as fate would have it, this was an improvement on the formula used in Die Hard. The bad guys were the Koreans in this movie. Gerard Butler, who is nothing short of a genius, delivered the goods. This movie had all the right components of a good action flick. There was a protagonist and an antagonist. There are several components that make a movie great. Movies are often more than just entertainment. If you can sit through a movie and believe they are set in a certain place, believe that the actors are not actors, then the movie has at least done part of a job. This movie does JUST THAT. The way the plane flew into the white house was amazing. I liked that button that the pilot pushed to make the missiles not hit them. What I was surprised about is that this is basically an instruction manual on the big screen. What is it an instruction manual for? How to take over the white house! I sure hope no bad guys watch this movie because there is a lot of stuff in this movie that the terrorists probably never knew how to do but now they do. I know a lot about The White House and the secret passageways. The president was played by Morgan Freeman who is nothing short of a genius when it comes to playing the president. He was actually the house speaker but was the temporary POTUS. I was surprised that Gerard only had one handgun and was able to get so far. Then again, this IS a movie. As a photographer, my favorite component is Cinematography. It is what is considered the visual beauty of the film. Many movies through out time have displayed great photography, whether it is of landscape, how a shot was made or sweeping camera angles. Often times this can make an average story a great movie. Olympus has fallen has some of the most amazing Cinematography ever! All in all, it really comes down to how the story is told - which is essentially all things combined. Olympus has Fallen is a great example that perfectly blends all together - all are above average as pieces, but combined - wow - it is a sweeping big screen picture as big as Morgan Freeman himself. Like I said, this movie was so good. I can't wait to see it on DVD. This is what screenwriters and directors should watch so that they can be inspired.
평점: 10	리뷰: This movie is up there in the league of 'The Rock' with Nick Cage & Sean Connery and 'Air Force One' with Harrison Ford and Glenn Close, in terms of entertaining audience with a great plot, non-stop action from start to finish, and how the hero saves the day in the nick of time.I don't know why Gerard Butler spent more time doing romantic movies after the '300' when he could do very well in action-pack movies. I think Gerard Butler is a natural when it comes action movies. I don't like him in romantic movies.This will be a great blockbuster success and will be classic. Gerard Butler should make more movies like this, and he will make it big time.
평점: 10	리뷰: You know the star of a movie has a stake in the production when he is listed as one of the producers. Gerard Butler served as one of four producers on the slam-bang, high-octane, "Die Hard" in the White House thriller "Olympus Has Fallen," with Morgan Freeman, Angela Bassett, Aaron Eckhart, Dylan McDermott, and Rick Yune. "Training Day" director Antoine Fuqua and freshman scenarists Creighton Rothenberger and Katrin Benedikt assemble the clichés as efficiently as the corpses pile up in this edge-of-the-seat nail-biter where nary a second of its two-hour running time is squandered. Squeamish moviegoers should shun this invigorating melodrama since our hero shows the villains about as much mercy as they do the scores of innocent bystanders that die from the hundreds of bullets and explosives that rock this R-rated actioneer. This is the kind of contagious movie where the audience spends more time staring at the screen than their illuminated cell phone menus. Surprisingly, most of the White House scenes were lensed on location in Louisiana rather than in the nation's capital. We will have to bide our time until late June when "Independence Day" helmer Roland Emmerich's similarly themed saga "White House Down," co-starring Jamie Foxx and Channing Tatum, appears to know how which of these white-knuckled, geopolitical, hostage epic comes out on top. Meanwhile, "Olympus Has Fallen" qualifies as Gerard Butler's best film since his earlier hits "Law Abiding Citizen" (2009), "Gamer" (2009), "RocknRolla" (2007) and "300" (2006).
평점: 10	리뷰: When thinking about a movie with a plot based on kidnapping of a U.S. president, "Air Force One" is probably the first one that comes to mind to most people. A better one, however, is an adaptation of Canadian self-taught literary man (and one-time Evangelist) Charles Templeton's "The kidnapping of the president" (1980). That movie is at least intelligent enough to base its plot on the fact that a U.S. president is entirely expendable. This is precisely how, and why, the system works. "Olympus", an absolute no-brainer, bases its plot on the laughable supposition that preserving the life of the U.S. president is top priority on everybody's mind. Other examples of mind-boggling absence of common sense are abundant, such as the gross incompetence of the U.S. national security, both in air and on ground. I don't know whether U.S. national security personnel would laugh or cry watching this movie. Probably both.The recompense, as mentioned, is director Antoine Fuqua's fully demonstrated ability to produce combat action sequences, from Medieval ("King Arthur", 2005) to modern day ("Tears of the sun", 2003).Perhaps coincidentally, but more likely not, two most-read film critics refer to the "Die Hard" franchise in their review of Olympus. There are sufficient similarities to support the validity of this view. Olympus, however, has a stronger cast which, unfortunately, goes to waste. Ashley Judd, as the President's wife killed within the first 15 minutes of the movie, picks up her paycheck and disappears thankfully quicker than you can say "Jack Robinson". Angela Bassett as the Secret Service Director blandly recites a few lines, leaving hardly any impression. Melissa Leo, who just recently questioned Denzel Washington quite effectively in "Flight", at least takes a heavy beating (literally) as the Secretary of Defense held as hostage together with both the President and Vice President. Radha Mitchell, as the protagonist's wife, looks heartbreakingly beautiful but her character is also heartbreakingly unnecessary. Morgan Freeman comes through best among the lot as the Speaker suddenly finds himself in an unenviable position of Acting President of the U.S., but that is only because he is Morgan Freeman. Aaron Eckhart, one of the best character-actors around, is all but wasted as the President, regularly grimacing his face in a way that it almost look like Harvey Dent in "The Dark Knight", AFTER losing half of his face. Finally, will Gerard Butler become the next-generation Bruce Willis? You decide. I've said more than enough, Just go for the superb action sequences but don't hope for anything else.
평점: 8	리뷰: Critics are crying lack of originality. You might say a cheeseburger lacks originality but you'd go back to it if its well cooked. Same here. From the opening sequence - well crafted and nuanced - which sets up the theme for the rest of the movie to conclusion, yes it did feel like one long-take, maybe there ought to be some pauses or cut-aways, but overall it is a fast ride and gratifying and a cut above recent genre. There were few minor misses. I looked for Morgan Freeman to show his usual calm under duress but here he looked dejected. A departure. The main action hero agent whats his name did not displayed any sense of fear while playing in den of deadly foes who occupied the White House, he simply wondered around room to room, sat in the Oval Office and made calls. Hard to believe. Oh, the movie commits a major crime in killing off the first lady / the lovely and talented Ashley Judd within the first 10 minutes, that had me tearing my hair out. They could have used some pretty but no-name actress but not Ashley ?8 out of 10 for exciting action, realism and just sit back enjoy the show and don't ask too many questions.
평점: 5	리뷰: ...the producers and studio were wise not to advertise that this was another ANTOINE FUQUA film.... Had i known this going in i probably never would have bought a ticket... However, as the film faded to black, and i saw "DIRECTED BY.... Antoine Fuqua" i groaned out loud and shook my fist. Next time, Fuqua, NEXT TIME!!! I cannot believe that both Aaron Eckhart and Morgan Freeman signed on for this garbage. I can only assume they needed the paycheque. Eckhart, to this point, had never let me down. Shame on you, Aaron!Gerard Butler...Boy there's a guy who really hasn't had a real winners since "300", eh? He really hams it up as Captain America-meets-John McClane... I guess he gives it the old college try but i don't think ANYONE could deliver those forced, wannabe-badass lines with a straight face. Don't get me started on the casting. Dylan Mcdermott? On what planet is Dylan McDermott ANY sort of imposing action figure?I give this movie a 5 (rather then the 3 i want to give to it) for Melissa Leo's performance. Never thought i'd see the day where i say something akin to "Melissa Leo steals this movie", but she really does.I understand the concept of the mindless action movie, i really do. But a real GOOD mindless action movie doesn't openly present plot holes a mile-wide that just stand there and scream at you!This movie was truly, truly awful. You've done it again, Antoine! Curse you.
평점: 5	리뷰: There is a certain amount of disbelief that one must go through for most movies to be enjoyable for the reason it is meant to be enjoyed. I was ten items past the line 5 minutes into the main "taking over the white house" scene. After i made the decision to absolutely not look at the movie with any kind of authentic merit, the movie itself got much much...well, it was actually pretty silly the entire time. Good news is, the movie has lots of murder and brain stabbing. Also, there is a hilarious pledge of allegiance scene. Bad news is the plot and actions taken to get everything to the next stage were completely unbelievable, the writing was abysmal, and i think i have made the decision that i am done with CGI. Give me a death star model over the computer generated demolition of the washington monument any day. Sorry, but it doesn't look real and it takes me out of the picture. Rent it or get it on Netflix when it comes out and save your money.
평점: 1	리뷰: The only good part was the first 20 minutes the rest has no real story, action... or even sense in the events. I can't believe Morgan Freeman agreed to do this movie... he has done so much better than this.The movie made me laugh of how bad it was. The music tracks were the only good thing about the movie.The acting was okay. The clothes was good. The graphics were okay.It is a complete disappointment.If you don't want to waste your money, please go watch a different movie. You will regret it.There were unnecessary scenes that could have been deleted and make the movie shorter to have a better effect. The movie had great actors and potential but it was not used correctly.
평점: 2	리뷰: I gave this clunker a 2 out of 10 simply because Gerard Butler had a couple of funny lines among 110 minutes of clichéd dreck.Poorly written, plot was secondary to the crappy special effects. It failed as a drama, as an action flick and just wasn't bad enough to be campy, although it came close.I did spend a lot of time laughing at how bad it was, so maybe it did succeed as a comedy, albeit unintentionally. Even the model of the White House was laughable. Hate to tell you, I've never seen the White House shiny.I was disappointed that Morgan Freeman and Angela Bassett would have made this movie. It was beneath them, even if it was just for the paycheck.
평점: 8	리뷰: I actually saw this film about 4 hours after I saw "The Incredible Burt Wonderstone" and boy, was this better! I never really have been a Gerard Butler fan but I think he put his name in view of some important people with this film. He made his character believable, and did a great job in the role of the typical bad-ass who everyone's relying on. Let's be honest, Morgan Freeman was probably cast just to boost the lineup of the film, because they knew Gerard and Aaron weren't gonna be enough, but they really were! This movie had pretty much non-stop entertainment and pretty cool scenes. The only thing that caught me off guard was the very unsettling scenes of terroristic violence. The film was rated R for strong violence and language throughout. For those of you who want an action flick with minimally graphic violence, I ask you to proceed with caution. While this is nothing TOO unbearable in terms of violence, the MPAA rating is somewhat misleading, because all it says is "strong violence", which is terminology that the MPAA identifies with films not even half as violent. "Strong, brutal, bloody violence" would be more like it, just for those of you who are a little hesitant because of the violent content of this film. However, if you can see past it and are in the mood for a very well made, well scripted and nicely directed action flick, go ahead, do yourself a favor and see this movie. This isn't some insightful masterpiece, so don't over analyze, or try to see deeper into it, but take it for what it is, and that's just entertainment.
평점: 8	리뷰: This is definitely not a documentary type of movie so if you're expecting for one, then skip this one. This has a lot of unrealistic things going and so if you are easily annoyed by those type of movies, you'll definitely hate this movie.To set a good base, recent movies I enjoyed above all others are: Transformers, Avatar, Battleship, Amazing Spiderman, Prometheus, etc... So if you liked most of those in the list, I will guarantee you that you will definitely like this movie too.This movie has a lot of far fetch happenings that definitely cannot and will not happen in the next century (if US stayed as superpower for that long).But, once in a while, we would like to play "what if's" in our heads. And this movie is really a good enjoyable entertaining attempt to answer your "What if the Whitehouse fell to the hands of the enemy?"
평점: 9	리뷰: This film was surprisingly good. It's been a while since I've seen such an enjoyable action film like this one. Actually, I've been starving for one for quite some time. So much so that after being disappointed by crap like the first two Expendables, the Transformers sequels, the Total Recall remake, etc., I wanted to give this a 10. Of course, this film wasn't perfect but was still a very enjoyable film.As others have said, this was basically a Die Hard film in the White House. Actually, this should've been another Die Hard film. But don't hold this against it. It was very well done. In fact, it was better than some of the Die Hard movies themselves.The strengths of this film were the action (of course), the cast, the character development and the story. The action was graphic and realistic, the cast featured quality actors, the characters had enough depth to make us care about them and the story (though not original) did add more weight to the importance of what the protagonist needed to do. Add this all up and you had a film that had enough emotional impact to make you care about what happened, unlike many recent action films that seemed more like mindless video games than movies.What I really like was the depiction of the bad guys. They were clearly bad and proved they were not messing around. Repeatedly. It's just one more reason for you to pull for the good guy.Like many action films, this one wasn't very original. But what separated this from the others was that it was well executed and there were just so many things going for it that it didn't matter. Watch the Expendables and you'll appreciate this a lot more. This was one of the better action films in recent years.
평점: 5	리뷰: Saturday Night Live won't have much trouble parodying this movie which had my friends and I grabbing our sides from the non-stop unintentional laughter it produced.From start to finish, almost every scene is laugh out loud funny. Most of the acting, save Freeman and Butler, is appalling. Though Ashley Judd is fine and, to her advantage, mercifully killed off a few minutes in to this laugh-fest. Bassett has absolutely nothing to do, except sit there looking like she's thinking, "Didn't anyone remember to write me some lines?" Foster plays the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs as if he's got dementia. "I know I put that code book somewhere." And one actor in the war room, I won't insult him by mentioning his name, so hilariously over acts throughout that you'll be reminded of Johnny from "Airplane." I was waiting for someone to ask him what kind of plane was attacking, to which he would reply, "Oh, it's a big pretty white plane with curtains in the windows and wheels and it looks like a big Tylenol." Then there's the plot. Really? There's a plot? Something about some evil vaguely North Korean villain from a Bond film and his American traitor pal wanting to punish America for its excesses and Wall Street and, I don't know. What I do know is, apparently, it takes the Marines 15 minutes to get to the White House when it's under siege. "Hey Brad, do we turn left on K street or Pennsylvania?" And it's fine for enemy planes to enter our restricted airspace since the $750 billion we spend on defense doesn't, apparently, account for any weapons capable of shooting down a single rogue aircraft.So, with the nation's Marines, Army, Air Force, Secret Service and capital city's police force unable to save us, we turn, as we so often do, to the efforts of a lone, down trodden hero. In this role, Butler saves the movie from completely devolving into a series of WTH moments. But, you half expect him to run into Bruce Willis along the way. "You go that way, I'll go this way, and I'll meet you at the bad guy's lair." Butler and Freeman do their best but Freeman looks to be wondering, "my god, who wrote this tripe?" Which brings us to the writing. Woody Allen couldn't have done it better, though he tried with "What's Up Tiger Lily." The dialog here made about as much sense. During the fight scenes you could almost hear them shouting, "Saracen pig! Spartan dog! Turkish Taffy." You do get the usual serving of clichés. Navy Seals approach the White House in helicopters. "Five minutes. I want a clean deployment." As opposed to what? The usual haphazard deployment? Then there's some beautiful Monty Python-esque comedic timing. Freeman is warned it's a trap but he won't abort the rescue operation. After five of the six helicopters are destroyed he hollers, "Abort!" Um, wait. You couldn't have given that order four helicopters ago? Melissa Leo, a terrific actress, terrifically miscast as a sort of drunken Secretary of Defense, tells the bad guy she'll never give up the codes. The president waits until she's been beaten near to death and then says, "I order you to give them the codes." She should have replied, "Now you say that?? Now?? Next time, how about you order me to give them the codes before they knock my teeth out?" And, about those codes. Apparently they'll blow up nuclear missiles across America turning our nation into a vast wasteland (small detail, self destructing the missiles would not set off a nuclear explosion). The bad guy is forcing the codes out of the three people he holds hostage. But he's good enough to force them out one every thirty minutes. A bad guy needs to build suspense.So, don't bother to bring your belief with you. You'll be suspending it so much, it's hardly worth the effort. Nothing in this movie approaches reality in any way shape or form. None of it could ever happen. But do bring your comedic improv skills, as hilarious bits will pop into your head from start to finish. Maybe even share some of them with the audience in Rocky Horror-like fashion. As a drama, I'd have rated this a zero. But, as a comedy, it gets a ten and that averages out to 5. It's funny as hell and, we should be grateful that Hollywood has finally turned out a terrific comedy for 2013, unintentional or not.
평점: 1	리뷰: This movie was so full of objectionable depictions of America that I was astounded. The only redeeming quality in the entire movie was the character of Mike Banning who was a tough guy willing to do whatever was necessary to get the job done. I really appreciated that, and I suspect that our special forces and our secret service men and women are very similar (maybe not quite so over the top).Objections: Almost everyone else in the movie, from the men guarding the White House to the Speaker of the House were a bunch of mealy-mouthed weaklings with no policies with which to respond to a terrorist attack or a hostage situation. Our president is not our "Dear Leader" and the idea that our entire way of life would be threatened if our president was held hostage is utterly ridiculous. But what I hated most was the implication that the North Korean's have a legitimate gripe with us. North Korea is a country where one man dictates to the rest; where one citizen is of no value; where all men are equally worthless. They make no apologies for these principles, they make no apologies for the millions of citizens that have already starved to death, and they make no apologies for the millions of political prisoners who dared to speak out against the "Dear Leader". We in the USA, on the other hand, have adopted a different set of principles where each individual citizen is valuable and our entire government is (or at least was originally) designed to protect the rights of each individual. These principles have allowed us to flourish and prosper. The North Koreans (and other dictatorships) don't want to adopt similar principles -they could- but they don't want to. Instead, they want us to feel guilty and responsible when their people continue to starve and die. I don't buy it.I do realize this is a movie review and not a political forum, but the movie did try to make a political statement and I think it warrants an answer.
평점: 8	리뷰: Olympus Has Fallen (2013) Gerard Butler, Aaron Eckard, Angela Bassett, Morgan Freeman, Ashley Judd, Melissa Leo, Dylan McDermott, Rick Yune. Non-stop action and graphic violence means heart pounding thrills. The beginning sets up the First Family as loving parents to their young son, who is buddies with head Secret Service agent Mike Banning. So instead of Mike being in the car with the President, Mike goes in the car with Conner, the boy, who asks if he can. A horrible accident on the way from Camp David to the White House causes a death and Mike is blamed so is reassigned to desk work at the Treasury Dept. So when the attack on D.C. and the White House comes, Mike runs amid the chaos to the W.H. and by the time he gets there he is able to enter and find out the who, what, where of the people who have taken over the building. Since he has worked there and knows all the secret communications and passages, he is able to talk to the command center and those left in charge. He works his way toward the 'safe bunker' where the villains have set up shop and listed their demands. The scenes where he has to fight and kill his way toward his objective are graphic and bloody, but make you gasp and at times exclaim. Like other thrillers - Taken, for example - one extremely well trained guy is able to do the impossible. I am an older woman and I enjoyed the film and seeing Butler in action. The whole cast is very good, especially the three women in roles of importance to the story. 8/10
평점: 10	리뷰: I am not going to give anything away in this review other than what you know from the trailer. The White House is attacked and how!! The action is raw and the plot is tense. There is not a boring movie in this movie. I've given it 10/10.Gerard Butler does a fantastic job as Secret Service agent Mike Banning and so do the other actors in this film. But Butler steals the show completely. The fight sequences are really good too with a lot of martial arts and weapons all over the place. This will keep you glued to your seats wanting to know what happens next. Agreed that it is in many ways a Die Hard clone, but I enjoyed this movie more than any of the Die Hard movies I've seen (I've seen all except Die Hard 4.0). Watch this excellent movie. You will not be disappointed!
평점: 6	리뷰: If your willful suspension of disbelief is in good working order, "Olympus Has Fallen" is an excellent action flick. Gerard Butler plays a believable and compelling hero, hard-nosed and devoid of annoyances that limit most action stars. I hope he makes more movies with his Mike Banning character; I will go. Also, the first half hour is both highly dramatic and highly realistic, inspiring in me feelings I've not felt that intensely since 9/11. (PTSD warning!)The remainder stays dramatic and engaging, but realism slips. Fortunately, I was attached to the lead character and invested in the plot by that point, so I didn't give up. But I sure did a fair amount of whispered griping. By the time Morgan Freeman recalled the 7th fleet (Would! Not! Happen!), my girlfriend will attest that I was about ready to run up to the screen and strangle the president myself.Coming out of the theatre, I had mixed feelings. But dang it, I sure did feel like I'd just ridden a pretty good roller coaster! So I figured it out quick: Yes, because of the way it started, I thought this was gonna be a more serious take on the story concept. And the movie disappointed me in that regard. But I can enjoy a balls-out Schwarzenegger or Steven Seagal movie for what it is, and Gerard Butler is orders of magnitude better than those guys.Bottom line: I had fun!
평점: 10	리뷰: I'd hate to see Gerald Butler turn into a Bruce Willis, Steven Segal type of actor... Gerard is better and more flexible than that. However, this movie at hand was excellently done, great special effects, storyline. We as Americans truly need to pay more attention to North Korea, they really are getting very serious as never before and this movie was ahead of it's time in regards to the subject matter. I think everyone associated with the movie should get a bonus. It's the best thing I've seen come out of Hollywood in a LONG TIME. Most of Hollywood movies have been nearly awful except for the cartoon type that attract the kids. They can't even make remakes good. I would like to see OZ in 3D though... I've never seen a 3D movie but OZ does appear to have the special effects to make it a good 3D movie.I'm so sick of vampire and zombie movies, Hollywood - get real.
평점: 7	리뷰: An action-packed entertaining movie from start to end with the linings of notable star-cast such as Gerard Butler, Morgan Freeman, Aaron Eckhart, Ashley Judd and Radha Mitchell. The trailer was quite promising which made me to go for the movie and I am glad to inform that I have no regrets watching this movie. It is one of the movies that would remind you of some of the other action flicks that you might have watched previously yet at the end it successfully makes its mark. However, despite the good performances by the lead characters such as Morgan Freeman, Gerard Butler and Aaron Eckhart; I could not help it but wish the latter had more things to do apart from being helpless in most of the scenes as his character was underplayed in my views. The plot is predictable though at most at least however I must admit the director was smart in packaging a-not-so-new-plot with a better delivery tactics. It comes with the blends of action, sense of patriotism, sentiments and just the right amount of humor. A good movie to spend your money on!
평점: 8	리뷰: Honestly, I thought I was going to be disappointment with this movie, but I enjoyed it from beginning to the end. Not only was the action balanced throughout the movie well enough to keep the audience's attention, the cast was pretty great, especially those female hostages in the bunker. I was pretty freaked out at some scenes because it was so realistic.Not only is the action entertaining, but the humor that is incorporated in the film is well delivered and appreciated. I found myself laughing at almost all of the remarks that were said. My only complaint are the CG effects. At times I felt like I was watching a video game or something and that took away from the film a little bit, but it wasn't too distracting. Overall I felt like it was a solid action flick that is worth watching if you want to go to the movies with some friends or family.
평점: 8	리뷰: On a lazy Sunday,if you are showered with oodles of action,entertainment n action again with more than even the ticket price, what else you want huh???!!! This is 1 great stuff, like a 110 min.race which will keep one gelled to his/her seats.. I mean right from the car crash which is brilliantly shot to the invasion of the "olympus",its a complete entertainer.. People may be having problem with the originality, but boy if the old formula is being delivered at your doorsteps with 100% cash back offer, would one deny one??? Watch it for the Scottish versatile(check out his p.s.i love u)Gerrard butler who delivers the punches n the punchlines with similar ease.. AAron as always his cool self, freeman has not much to deliver, simply adds to the star caste as does the gorgeous Ashley Judy.. Crux is Go watch this high octane, in your face violent flick.. Don't read the reviews though.P.S. Don't take your girl along, you cant enjoy both simultaneously.
평점: 6	리뷰: The premise is that The President is captured and a lone agent, Banning (Gerard Butler) is left alone in The White House to try and rescue him. Now this premise didn't entice me enough to see the movie, but the casting of Morgan Freeman as the Speaker of the House did. I wasn't too interested in Gerard Butler, even though I thought he did a really good job in 300. And, Aaron Eckhart, while I thought he did a great job as Two-Faced in The Dark Knight, I was impartial to seeing him in any other roles. I was surprised to see Dylan McDermott (whom I had seen in American Horror Story) in the film. As I am not a fan of R-rated movies in particular, the violence at times was a bit graphic for me, but a lot of the time I felt was handled well with angles and cutting. The movie was appropriately lit and helped set the mood. The music was really good as well. It didn't define the mood but complimented it very well and never felt out of place.
평점: 1	리뷰: The acting was OK, the special effects were fantastic, the story was absurd. Only Hollywood could come up with something this ridiculous.The premise is farcical and totally unbelievable. This is pure fantasy. I expect anyone with any military experience to get up and walk out. This is Hollywood bashing an inept US military all over again yet Hollywood can't get any of their facts right. Never mind reality, let's just make a fantastic shoot-em-up with lots of explosions and a big body count. The plot plays on public fear of nuclear bombs going off accidentally, but the story line is completely self-contradictory, it can but it can't.What bothers me is, unlike Jack the Giant Slayer, people might actually believe this nonsense. James Bond is at least semi-believable.
평점: 5	리뷰: Olympus Has Fallen is a paint-by-numbers action film by Antoine Fuqua, a director who generally performs better behind the camera. Die Hard at the White House as its been referred to, is in the main, a humorless and very bloody action film with Gerard Butler as a Secret Service agent on a mission-to-redeem-himself, which entails lots of knifings and bullets to the brain of his faceless opponents. It's all very professional--and totally generic. Morgan Freeman, Aaron Eckhart, Angela Bassett and Melissa Leo are on hand to recite their lines and write their names on the back of a paycheck. This is a movie for people who have seen everything else at the cineplex but still feel the need to spend 2 hours in a darkened auditorium.
평점: 7	리뷰: "Olympus Has Fallen" works because it is so real. Putting aside the bit of exaggeration and slight plot problems, the movie does a good job. It's otherwise easy to follow, and the acting conveys a true sense of fear. Perhaps I'm a bit bias being (arguably) Gerard Butler's greatest fan, but the acting by the President and Acting President fits perfect with the movie's tone.I love this action film because it is so real, and doesn't need fancy CGI or SFX to make it look good- it plays off the sense of fear we as Americans have. It really makes me angry when I read reviews that criticize its "R" rating and lack of "action" (which I highly disagree with, as the violence is convincing and the action COULD happen) because they fail to realize that a good movie plays off emotion, not fancy editing work.Also, I was sickened when people in the theater laughed at people's death and the slight bouts of humor (although, I giggled when Gerard described the day as just a rough day in the office. These humorous lines are defense mechanisms in real life, and keeping with the idea that this can happen makes laughter unthinkable. And just because we killed the bad guy (which there were way too many of in the film), doesn't mean we should laugh. Really, it's a human life... and really...a death in the context of this movie isn't funny. Sorry to rant, but this movie really shouldn't be filled with hefty belly laughs...Overall- great, real film with great, real acting and effects. It just goes a slight overboard (I feel) with the amount of terrorists there and the quickness (or sometimes lack) of response by others.
평점: 3	리뷰: At first, I thought that I may not be doing enough justice to the movie and maybe comparing too much which Argo. However after some thinking, I realized that this movie is truly bizarre. The director and story writers did whatever they pleased to show some mindless action. But there are much better movies for that like die hard (this movie seems in fact an attempt to be Die Hard), mission impossible and James Bond movies which at least create those settings where one can still indulge in the action.I think the intent in this movie was to say that the entire US military and homeland security is a big failure run by an incompetent management throughout and there is only one savior to the White House who is a banished member of President's security team. Maybe I went to the movie with high hopes. Toning them to the rock bottom might help.PS: Ordinarily I would have given the movie 4 stars, but have deducted one star for wasting the talent of Morgan Freeman
평점: 10	리뷰: What a rebound from that horrible disappointment in December that passed itself as thriller... Here is a film that delivers, has us caring for the good guys and hissing at the evil forces. There are plenty of explosions, twists and turns, and a leading man with a face, flaws, a heart, and a mission, and yes! there is suspension of disbelief, but it's been a while since we had a film was thrilling to watch, that didn't have looking at me watch or running outside to the bathroom or to text that I regretted spending my cash.The White House is attacked and half destroyed by an evil terrorist that has the world on the brink of destruction. Suddenly we have a worthy villain who recalls the bad guys from the James Bond thrillers, but there is more special effects, and in the middle of all the debris flying around, the sequence and cool editing actually make sense. Contrary to those Michael Bay films where things are blown up just because we have the budget, this one has bodies falling, buildings crumbling, but we actually hold our collective breath, as it looks like it just couldn't get any worse.We know we will be shocked when the First Lady is gone in the first ten minutes of the thriller, but we have no time to get over our shock as hell breaks loose outside, over, inside, and under Washington, D.C. Before we can say, what the..., Gerald Butler in his best impersonation of James Bond, Indiana Jones, a few Mission Impossible heroes, we have people being executed, children in danger, some cool technological moves, and in one of the best supporting entries of any year, Morgan Freeman as acting president. It's details like that makes one enjoy this film. The film is just fun to watch, and there's enough good acting not to regret this guilty pleasure.You know that in the end, things will be o.k., and there are plenty of clichés along the way, but when the mix is just right, the result is pretty enjoyable. There is going to be a sequel, and we want it soon, and as good as this one.
평점: 7	리뷰: I took my girl friend and her sister to the Sunday Matinée. I didn't know what to expect. The poster shows the White House with flames shooting out of the West Wing. Little did I know we would be getting the red carpet-stained with blood tour of the White House. It involves a buff pres., his cool and pretty First Lady, and their precocious son. The domestic happy family scene starts at Camp David and ends in chaos at the White House. The domestic national tranquility is disturbed by rogue Korean types. The secret service naturally intervenes; they do not like people messing with our domestic national tranquility, much less re-arranging the furniture. More than a few people get their hair mussed in this fun, action packed thriller.
평점: 5	리뷰: Olympus Has Fallen doesn't come bearing the same sort of blatant, narcissistic patriotism a film like Red Dawn or its 2012 remake, yet it doesn't equip itself with much more brain either. I suppose if you've been victim to lukewarm action movie efforts this year like Bullet to the Head, The Last Stand, and Parker, you may enjoy and embrace this one for its true seriousness and its captivating premise. If you're hoping for something a bit more ideal and one that caters to a movie-going mass much larger than its own demographic, you will be sorely disappointed.I bet I could get by with simply saying that in this film, the White House falls victim to an unexpected attack from a Korean terrorist group and it's up to a Secret Service agent and a whole gang of suits to save the president and the country. After all, isn't that what you, the potential audience member wants? Just a broad overview of the storyline, and an answer to the question, 'how much action is there?' Who cares about characters, suspense, and detail, when we have enough explosions to house an entire franchise? To go a little bit deeper, just to waste a bit more time, Aaron Eckhart is President Benjamin Asher, who is in office when the White House gets violently attacked, Gerard Butler is Mike Banning, a former Army Ranger now serving as a Secret Service agent, and Morgan Freeman is Allan Trumbull, the Speaker of the House who becomes the acting president when Asher is taken as a hostage in the bunker of the house by the terrorist group. Upon seizing entire control of the White House, the terrorist group spends the remainder of the film in negotiation with the acting members of the U.S. government, all lead by Trumbull, as they try to beat the top-secret codes for the nuclear reactors in the U.S. They desperately want the codes to trigger the bombs to explode in their silos, effectively wiping out most, or all, of the population due to radiation poisoning.My main problem with the film is not only is the entire premise redundant and mostly uninteresting, it's that none of the characters are likable or even able to spawn some type of reaction. We already are told how gutless of a President Asher is, so he's a little hard to feel for in the mix of all this, Banning often spends his time scurrying through the White House, shooting all the invaders, dodging all gunfire while his co-workers aren't so lucky, definitely making him a faceless character. The saving grace, one would hope, would be Freeman's Allan, only his character is just as dull and as muted as the other two, rendering his entire performance as a cute novelty.The action scenes are likely to drum a positive reaction from the audience, if that's what they came for (and I'm willing to bet most of them did indeed), but the been-there-done-that format in which they are conducted in really wears on the viewer who wants the luxury of seeing something more. For a film that appears to be the ultimate American terrorist film, I got more jollies off the invasion sequence in the new Red Dawn and I still see that as a less accomplished film than this. The invasion scene here performs exactly how you'd expect; quickly and in a way that lacks sufficient suspense or mystery. We know a lot of people will die and we pretty much know exactly who will live.Olympus Has Fallen benefits from a few moderately suspenseful instances, regardless of how perfunctory they may seem (take the subplot involving President Asher's kid), and does boast a solid set of special effects to go along with it. However, these things sort of get lost in the sea of mediocrity and formula this film wallows in for much of its overlong runtime. On a sidenote, this is where I show my roots different from others my age. Some will tell me, upon giving a film they find superior and worthy of recognition a bad review, that I clearly overanalyze things and need to view things from an entertainment perspective. I always do. I always write reviews based on my personal thoughts, and what I find entertaining and not. For those who ask me if Olympus Has Fallen is worth seeing, or for that matter, entertaining, I will politely tell them "not really," explain why, then steer them towards something more substantial like Spring Breakers. In this way, both parties are benefited equally.My video review of Olympus Has Fallen, http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4Z-7nv2uvv8Starring: Aaron Eckhart, Gerard Butler, and Morgan Freeman. Directed by: Antoine Fuqua.
평점: 8	리뷰: Action packed, escapist fare with a good performances all around. If you can suspend disbelief about the attack, it's a thrilling tale of dedication to one's job and the redemption of a hero after having fallen from grace.Though the critics have given it mixed reviews, the audiences are liking it and for once I think some of the critiques are overly harsh. Gerard Butler has shown he can "kick ass" with the best of them and if you don't try to compare it with the "original" Die Hard (which none of the Die Hard sequels have ever lived up to), you will enjoy it.Director Antoine Fuqua and Actor/Producer Gerard Butler (with tongues planted firmly in cheeks) have done a good job of giving the audiences an E Ticket ride...so be sure to watch the movie with a big bag of popcorn and enjoy the experience.
평점: 8	리뷰: Olympus Has Fallen:  A movie review by a big, bald, film loving Jew. I was highly anticipating this modern take on the throw-back, thrill ride, lone-hero-saves- the-day, action flicks of the 80's & 90's. The simplest way to describe it is "Die Hard at the White House", but it is much more than that.In a post 9-11 world, the idea of terrorists attacking the USA, government and its leaders is all the more plausible and therefor more realistic as a film-goer. It adds a sense of "this could happen" while enjoying the story and action before you. The film is very well directed by Antoine Fuqua (Training Day, Shooter) and the man knows how to pace story, drama and action extremely well.The plot revolves around Secret Service Agent Mike Banning. After being removed from the President's detail following the accidental death of the First Lady, Banning is now the last hope when Terrorists attack the White House and hold key political figures hostage as well as Banning's old pal the President. Banning is portrayed by the incorrigible and lovable (especially by my wife) Gerard Butler. This is one of my favourite performances by Butler, think more Law Abiding Citizen than PS I Love You. Butler delivers on all fronts; cracking wise (a la John McClane) with the terrorist leader and he's more than capable of taking each "baddie" out one by one. I especially enjoyed his big brother-esque relationship with the President's son.Other notable performances would include the always amazing Morgan Freeman playing Speaker of the House Trumbull, whose thrust into the roll of acting President and has to make the tough decisions as the leader of the free world is being held captive.  Aaron Eckhart (Dark Knight) as President Asher, had heart and compassion both for his fellow captives and his country and it came across very well. Ashley Judd was beautiful and perfect as the First Lady. Although her performance is brief it was captivating nonetheless.I'd be remiss if I didn't mention the exciting and moving Score by composer Trevor Morris. It reminded me of the great action, dramatic and patriotic scores of modern classics like The Rock and Armageddon but with his own talented, unique stamp on it. Extremely well done from opening scene to closing credits..Overall, I really enjoyed myself. And that's what it all boils down to. Was I entertained? And the answer is wholeheartedly yes. Olympus Has Fallen is fun fiction, yet has all too believable undertones, and pulse- pounding story with characters and action that deliver. I highly recommend it. 8 out of 10Yippie Ka-Yay Mr. President
평점: 7	리뷰: Olympus Has Fallen marks Antoine Fuqua's return to the action genre and man, does it deliver. The film plays out like a 90s action film, garnering a hard R rating with hard R violence, which pans out to it's benefit. The film's lead, Gerard Butler, plays his role effortlessly. While donning some cheesy one liners that only Bruce Willis would conjure up, Butler relishes in his role as one bad-ass force to be reckoned with. However, the film's most welcomed performance lies within Aaron Eckhart. His charisma resembles his performance in The Dark Knight but there is a certain controlled rage that boils deep beyond what the roles calls for ad Eckhart does this particularly well within his facial expressions. As far as the other performances go, most are after thoughts from previous characters that we've seen out of most of the cast which includes Morgon Freeman and Melissa Leo, both Oscar winners. However, with these rather tamed performances, that is not where the film suffers.Unfortunately with all the good, there is some bad. The film does resemble that of a 90s action film and it does it with enough grace to allow it to be pardoned from the typical action clichés...for the most part. The film does dwell into the B movie genre just a bit especially with certain scenes that will, most likely, garner some eye rolls from certain audience members. One, in particular, exists in the subplot with finding the president's's son within the overtaken White House. For lack of spoilers, all I will say on the matter is that if it was taken to another level or left out of the first act, then it most likely would have made for a more balanced film.Overall, Olympus Has Fallen makes for one hell of a ride. The violence is brutal, the one liners are cheesy, but it's all in good fun. Fuqua delivers an intense action thrill ride that is most certainly worth the $12 of admission and worth leaving your brain at home to enjoy this utterly ridiculous and graceful addition to the action genre.
평점: 7	리뷰: Yes.. you will simply say that this is the new Die Hard.. but no, this Mike Banning is better than John Mclane. The Director successfully bring a 2-hours suspense action movie,the plot is good, the acts is good, the strong character of Gerard Butler really makes the difference here. The R rated is much for the violence scene, although this is not to violence if you compare it to The Raid: Redemption, but still this is not really great scene for kids.the only critic for this movie is graphical effect.. for me is quite disappointing for a top-class movie like this. you will see when a plane crashing down in the middle of the town - and exclusively - white house, the cars and traffic are just flowing normally as if nothing happens.. the using of animation is also not very smooth. as conclusion, this movie is still worth to watch, enjoy the action, enjoy the story.
평점: 10	리뷰: Hold onto to your hat because this movie takes you for a ride. This movie has nonstop action as a team of terrorists storm into and take over the White House in a bid to destroy the United States. The idea of a team of ruthless and determined terrorists infiltrating the security apparatus of a country is nothing new. There have always been traitors who will sell out their country. They exploit the complacency that comes with being a great power, a complacency based on the belief that it can't happen here. And when their guard is down, wham! What makes this movie unique, however, is how it graphically shows how the White House can be stormed and the President and Vice President be taken hostage. Such a scenario is plausible, which adds an element of authenticity to the movie making it that much stronger dramatically. The question is: how to respond. The story revolves around that question as government officials, led by an acting-president who is a legislator and not an executive, are forced to make difficult decisions under extreme pressure that could lead to worldwide instability and disaster. This movie calls attention to the fragile nature of the chain of command and how a security breach can put an entire country at risk. Melissa Leo gives an outstanding performance as the Secretary of Defense, and Gerard Butler is excellent as a discredited secret service agent who is given a chance to redeem himself. This movie is worth watching.
평점: 5	리뷰: The Rock. Die Hard. Speed. Executive Decision. Under Siege. Olympus brings a lot of classic action flicks to mind, picks and pinches from them, and rolls it all into one big, dumb, explosive shootfest with thrills to spare and a body count so high it would make John Woo baulk. Gerard Butler stars as a hard-nosed Secret Service agent who has since been removed from the presidents' personal bodyguard after the death of the first lady in a car accident 18 months earlier. He is haunted by his failure and regrets the tragedy every day. When tensions between North Korea and South Korea start to simmer, a South Korean envoy arrives at the White House to begin discussions with the US as to how to handle the dangerous North. Unknowingly, the White House has just set in motion events that will lead to the capture of the iconic American building, as NK terrorists have infiltrated the SK envoy, and planned an articulate attack that will capture the president and force him to bend to their will. Only Gerard Butler and his bad American accent can save the day! Olympus Has Fallen is a fun injection of 90s nostalgia. It wants to be an action movie. It wants to be included in the ranks of Under Siege, The Rock, and other iconic action movies of the 80s and 90s. It most desperately aspires to be a new Die Hard, and while it is significantly better than the newest instalment in that franchise, Olympus can't quite achieve the level of suspense and quality of thrills that the original Die Hard provides, but is certainly a sound standalone action film achievement. Olympus has glaring plot holes that it skims over and a suspension of disbelief is essential if you are to enjoy it for what it is. Just deactivate your brain, don't think very hard, because if you do you will miss out on the experience. The film, wanting to continue in the vein of its inspired material, tries not to overindulge in CGI, but ultimately succumbs to temptation considering the massive scale of set pieces and the sheer work involved in practical special effects. Olympus still offers enough squibs and human stuntmen to bring back more of those good memories of Steven Seagal and Nic Cage blasting baddies and jumping from rooftops. It has flaws, its no Shakespeare, it has bad accents, it has glaringly obtuse Die Hard references, it has Morgan Freeman, but most of all, Olympus has hard-boiled action that will keep you glued to the screen from start to finish and makes your $15 ticket feel valuable. Give it a try.
평점: 4	리뷰: Review by DJ:Really? Really?? You got to be kidding me...I'm...sorry, I should be professional here. However, I'm literally slack-jawed after watching Olympus Has Fallen. Dumbstruck. Flabbergasted. At a loss. Flummoxed. Perplexed. Confused. Baffled. My shoulder and neck hurt after having tilted my head to the side at the countless IMPLAUSIBLE and ridiculous moments in this film. And I expected it! I...I just can't. Okay, let me gather myself. Olympus Has Fallen is the Antoine Fuqua directed....WAIT...Fuqua directed this!? The man behind one of my favorite films Training Day directed this mockery?!? Tyler Perry makes a film a month and Fuqua gets stuck with crap stains like this? Sorry, sorry. Olympus Has Fallen is the...(gulp)...Antoine Fuqua directed film about a Korean attack on American soil. Sound familiar? Well it should. Because you just got through NOT seeing the same concept in the abysmal Red Dawn remake. Oh..oh this time it's the White House, not rural America. That'll make it better. NO! No. It doesn't.How does the White House....THE MOST secured building IN THE WORLD get taken over you ask?(SPOILER ALERT)An airplane with more countermeasures than a Transformer and the most organized attacking force I've ever seen in my entire life. Seriously. The Red Skull and Loki both wielding the cosmic cube couldn't organize an attack this precise and infallible. Patton himself running SkyNet robots couldn't pull off an attack this perfect. At one point I thought the entire population of downtown DC was just armed North Korean terrorists. They come out of nowhere and just happened to ALL get mere feet away from, again...THE MOST SECURED BUILDING IN THE WORLD. The supposed secret service decide the best way to stop a bunch of terrorist firing at them with a .50 cal is to just walk directly into the gunfire, bullets be damned. If it was revealed later that this film was produced by the government in order to get the North Koreans to attempt something this stupid and IMPLAUSIBLE in order to legitimize us kicking their asses then nuking them, I'd buy it.(END OF SPOILERS)Look, I try my best not to spoil movies here on the site. However, I find it to be irresponsible of me as a human being not to prepare you for whats in store if you do plan on seeing this film. And for those saying that this is like Die Hard in the White House...Like DIE HARD in any shape, form, or F*%KING capacity...shame on you. Shame...on...you. You need to slap yourself in the face three times, genuflect to the awesomeness that is John McClane, put in Die Hard, then write a ten page apology letter to Bruce Willis and John McTiernan (In prison) for ever uttering Die Hard in the same paragraph as Olympus Has Fallen.The acting in this is over the top. It is clichéd and wooden. It is paint by numbers. How can a film this stereotypically bad garner talent like Aaron Eckhart, Morgan Freeman, Angela Bassett, and...well Gerard Butler does anything nowadays. When Sly and his Expendables do films like these, we eat it up because they are being ironic and nostalgically nodding to their earlier classics. There are no expectations of weight to the performances. But when you start sprinkling in Academy Award nominees in a film like this, it feels like you just caught them slumming it with some alleyway street walker on the LA strip at three in the morning. They are all better than this. Even you Butler.Olympus Has Fallen is a big budget film that still has a direct to DVD feel. All the stars and horribly CGI-ed fireworks they throw at it still can't polish this turd of a film. If you watch it...brace yourself...then try to tell me I'm wrong.(Sigh) Well, at least this will probably be the last film using this stupid White House under siege plot for a while. (SUDDENLY HANDED A PIECE OF PAPER) I've just been informed that a film in June starring Jaime Foxx and Channing Tatum will be about the White House under siege. And it will be directed by Roland Emmerich.I'm moving to Canada.For more reviews, visit simplisticreviews.blogspot.com
평점: 3	리뷰: Cliché, cheesy, inane, boring, predictable ... all could be used to sum up this horrible movie. It sucked, and I want my money back. Because this is America, and when things suck you should be able to get your $8 back.I mean, I'm all about suspending disbelief in watching a movie. But Let's face it, if the only three people in the world with the detonation codes for every single nuclear missile were all being held hostage by a terrorist in the White House bunker -- which just happened to be the only place in the world where the detonation codes could be changed -- well, I feel pretty confident the order would be given to storm the White House and kill everyone in it ... including the President. And if the cops and the Navy SEALS couldn't handle this task, I feel pretty sure every one of us gun toting rednecks would swarm on the White House and demolish it to the ground in about 15 minutes.And speaking of stupid, how about that super dooper gun turret they somehow miraculously smuggled into the White House and strategically placed on the roof such that it could shoot down 6 Navy SEAL helicopters??? OMFG! STOOOPID! This movie was Die Hard on steroids. Lame lame lame lame lame, and again, lame. Of course they cap the whole thing off with the proverbial ticking time bomb at the end ... that our hero just manages to deactivate at the last second, saving us all from certain doom.What has the American population become that they would try to pass off an utterly inane and stupid piece of malarkey like this movie on us as an even marginally plausible scenario for a terrorist attack ... never-mind having only one goober inside able to thwart the attack ... and we as Americans don't stand up en masse and demand our freakin' money back for this garbage?? Cheesy!
평점: 7	리뷰: 'OLYMPUS HAS FALLEN': Three and a Half Stars (Out of Five) It's been a long time since we've had a good 'DIE HARD' rip-off! We used to get them all the time; 'DIE HARD on a bus' ('SPEED'), 'DIE HARD on a plane' ('PASSENGER 57'), 'DIE HARD on a boat' ('UNDER SIEGE'), 'DIE HARD on a train ('UNDER SIEGE 2'), 'DIE HARD at a hockey rink' ('SUDDEN DEATH') and many more. 'DIE HARD at the White House' was inevitable and it's the most preposterous and ridiculous 'DIE HARD' redo yet. It is entertaining though. Surprisingly it's the first of two movies dealing with the same subject matter this year. The Roland Emmerich helmed 'WHITE HOUSE DOWN' comes out in June in which Channing Tatum plays a cop touring the White House who must protect the president (Jamie Foxx) from terrorists there. I hope that's even better but this one definitely doesn't disappoint.This White House invasion film revolves around a Presidential guard named Mike Banning (Gerard Butler) who's let go from his White House position after he fails to save the president's wife (Ashley Judd) in an automobile accident. President Asher (Aaron Eckhart) doesn't want to be reminded of the tragedy so he has Banning removed from his security unit. When North Korean terrorists take over the White House, and take the president hostage, Banning makes his way into the building without being noticed. He then takes on the terrorists one at a time as he communicates with the acting president, Speaker Trumbull (Freeman), and the Secret Service Director (Angela Bassett) outside. Dylan McDermott, Rick Yune, Melissa Leo, Radha Mitchell and Cole Houser also co-star in the film.The movie was directed by Antoine Fuqua (of 'TRAINING DAY' fame) and written by first time film writers Creighton Rothenberger and Katrin Benedikt. As unbelievable as it is it's still somewhat suspenseful and the action is decent. Butler makes a good action hero and it's amazing how much he resembles Mel Gibson in his day. Fuqua definitely knows how to direct an action film like this, the impressive cast is a little underused but they do add some credibility to the laughable premise. Not nearly as cool or entertaining as a 'DIE HARD' film but it is a decent redo. If you're a fan of 'DIE HARD' rip-offs than you're almost sure to enjoy.Watch our movie review show 'MOVIE TALK' at: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=75ldnaJSPKw
평점: 1	리뷰: First of all this rant is going to be filled with SPOILERS so now you are warned. Where do I begin? Do I start with how the antagonists all have magic bullets and the secret service agents don't or that the good guys are too stupid to seek cover when being fired upon. Maybe I should start with the plane that decimates DC and how it wasn't even questioned on the radio till it was flying over DC. Or maybe how Mike Banning (Gerard Butler) is giving information to Speaker Trumbull (Morgan Freeman) and says that were forty terrorists and now they are down to twenty-eight. Seriously, I think Banning killed over six so out of all the other agents they killed the other half.My biggest angst is that Kang (Rick Yune) is torturing people for some codes and the President (Aaron Eckhart) keeps saying "Give him the code he will never get mine." and when it finally comes to the point in the movie where Kang needs his code it is ALREADY in the computer. What happened? How did Kang get his code? Also, the fact that they gave into the terrorist demands over the life of the President is hysterical especially when they bring up the phrase "We do not negotiate with terrorists.".Overall, I thought this movie should have been renamed a comedy because I have never laughed so hard at all the ridiculous inaccuracies and weak story line.
평점: 3	리뷰: Change Mike Banner's name to John McClain, and cast Bruce Willis in the role... and this could easily be Die Hard 6.The only changes that would make that incarnation more appropriate is the movie setup: 1) Remove the opening "flashback" scene2) Replace the above with one that shows John McClain on vacation in Washington DC on the fateful day.3) Voila, Die Hard 6.It's an OK movie, but as a former Die Hard fan, I found it entirely too predictable.
평점: 10	리뷰: One word: AMAZING. Okay, three more: Beautiful, Heart-stirring, Heart-stopping. It's beautiful because all the white house staff and employees went to great lengths to protect the president and white house. They protected America to the fullest of their abilities due to the horrific circumstances they were under. It is heart-stirring because it really makes you think about what you would do if you were in a situation like that. America was at risk of being blown up completely. It really moved me because I know I wouldn't have been as strong or brave as Gerard Butler, as the main character, Banning. It is heart-stopping because there are moments that are thrilling, meaning you do not know what will happen until it actually happens. It may have massive amounts of killing and I know, thou shalt not kill. But it's so well written, directed and acted. 2 hours of riveting action and mesmerizing entertainment. Never a dull moment. It shows exactly what greed and power will get you, which is NOTHING. It will take you straight to hell though. 10 out of 10. I recommend.
평점: 2	리뷰: Gerard, where did it all go wrong! I remember Butler as a good actor on his way to being great. He has the personality and the talent to do so much more with his craft. This was formulaic with an absurd plot - which constantly contradicted itself. The entire US foreign policy changed to save the President. No, don't think that would happen - you just get another President. A major sequence where they torture staff to get missile codes with the President vowing never to give his up - which he doesn't, but they somehow tap it into the computer anyway. Eh??? The fight scenes are beyond dumb, the assault on the white House - might appeal to a ten year old. The C140 attack, was so cringe worthy as to make me actually rise out the chair. The General in the control room!!! Stop it. And the flag waving cringeworthy speech at the end - do any Americans still buy into that type of faux patriotism. I so hope not.You take one look at the cast, and think this must be OK. In fact, you look at the cast and think this might be great.It's not.
평점: 8	리뷰: When I saw the first trailers for Olympus Has Fallen...I was thrilled. I thought it looked exactly like the kind of good old fashion R-Rated Action flick that used to get made or the ones that have simply faltered lately. I felt like if this was the kind of action flick that I love that it too would fail at the box office. I was relieved and excited to see that the film opened very well and furthermore was even getting some great reviews. So when I saw the film for myself I was thrilled that the movie was EXACTLY what I anticipated. Its a throwback to Die Hard, AirForce One, and just great gritty, violent, R-Rated action flicks of 80's and 90's. The film actually reeks of Die Hard (and I don't mean that to be a negative thing at all.) Olympus Has Fallen felt more Die Hard than A Good Day To Die Hard did...minus Bruce Willis. The action is visceral and dark. You will feel nauseous and emotional watching that initial invasion scene as they mercilessly murder innocent people on the streets. There is just something powerful and gritty about it. Some of the hand to hand combat scenes were a little dark which was unfortunate but for the most part the fight scenes were brilliantly done.Gerard Butler has had a distinctive up and down career. 2012 was a bit of a slump for him but he also tends to try his hand in so many different genres. Whether he likes it or not, action might just be his niche. He does a truly outstanding job taking the lead as Secret Service agent Mike Banning. The character could be described as your stereotypical action hero in this type of film and that would be true. However, Butler pulls it off in true form. Aaron Eckhart is perfectly Presidential as the President. Not only does he look like a hero and have great charisma but he truly looks like a towering beacon of American politics. I wanted to see him jump into the action a little more but it wasn't about him doing that. He was excellent and him and Butler have great chemistry. Dylan McDermott was just terrific in his role. It was a smaller part but so vital and just really well done. He was perfectly cast. Morgan Freeman does what Morgan Freeman does best. If you like him then you love his characters. Once again he ends up playing the acting President of The United States and he always ups the class of any cast. Melissa Leo is also very good in a small role as Secretary of Defense. Unfortunately for her she got one of the cheesier moments in the film but she handles it well and plays a character with a lot of spirit and courage. And to the character that I think literally makes or breaks an action like this...the villain, the big bad, the leader...in this case he is played by Rick Yune. I was sceptical to see the main villain being played by an unknown but I eat my scepticism because he was excellent. He commanded the screen and was appropriately evil at every turn. I don't think he and Butler had perfect chemistry as foes but it was good enough. Supporting cast deserve mention too including stand out performances from Finley Jacobsen, Angela Bassett, Radha Mitchell and Cole Hauser.Perhaps the beauty and also the drawback to the movie is that it doesn't pretend to be anything other than what it is. Some will cry foul and say that its predictable and rehashed material and in some aspects they would be right. But when you're making a genre specific film and trying to appeal to those fans then you need to use the familiar ingredients. I didn't know who directed the film while watching it but I kept imagining scenarios of what this would have been like in the hands of McG or Michael Bay or Tony Scott...any number of directors could have done something different with it. Antoine Fuqua comes from Music Videos which usually spells bad news but he has made a name for himself in directing. I have seen a few of his films and enjoyed them. I believe he is an action film fan at heart and he happens to know what the audience wants to see. Olympus Has Fallen wasn't quite brilliant. With any action flick that follows the path there are certain issues with that as well. Inevitable plot holes that simply have to be overlooked (Why did no one even attempt to save the First Lady or check on her well being? Why did the Secret Service rush out the front doors of The White House for five minutes while a Helicopter mowed them down, after the first wave they probably would have stopped rushing?) And so on and so forth. But as a HUGE old school action fan myself I know how to conveniently ignore reality and just enjoy it. One man, with a special set of skills, left alone to defend the world/White House...it was everything I wanted it to be. Go in with the proper expectations and you'll have a solid two hours (it flies by!) of old fashion, popcorn eatin', red blooded entertainment. And once again (I've said this before in my reviews) I'm Canadian and Canadians who see movies like this always make fun of and bully the patriotism in the film. (Oh 'Muricans got their propaganda eh?) Well I would like to say again that I wish our country and other countries had even a tenth of the patriotism and traditions that most of America has. Enough said...now go watch Gerard Butler kick some serious butt.
평점: 8	리뷰: I am not saying that Die Hard is outdated... in fact, i think opposite. No movie fan, no matter what age, should go without seeing it. However, this is the closest thing we are going to get to another movie like the original Die Hard. Both movies share many similar characteristics, only the stakes are much larger in Olympus Has Fallen.In Die Hard, the only thing was a lot of money was going to be taken. This time, not only is the President's life at stake, but it evolves into a much more high-risk situation.Olympus Has Fallen shows great acting in it's talent. Veteran Morgan Freeman brings a performance as strong as the rest of his. Along with that, Aaron Eckhart brings his "A" game, much like The Dark Knight. Last, but certainly not least, Gerard Butler delivers the best performance of his career.Olympus Has Fallen delivers the sense of awe that i have not experienced in a while. The entire White House attack scene will leave you with an open jaw, watered eyes, and a sense of despair. The attack scene ranks among the most unforgettable action scenes of the last decade.Is Olympus Has Fallen perfect? Absolutely not, there are flaws and some things that make no sense whatsoever, but it is definitely one of the most entertaining films (so far) of the year.
평점: 10	리뷰: A very enjoyable 2 hours spent. Great performances, edge of your seat suspense. It takes hold of you from minute one to the end. Gerard Butler at his best, Morgan Freeman always great and so were the rest of the cast. What I would like to point out though is: how believable can this be?? So many people found it such a terrible movie, because... how can this possibly happen to us in the USA?? Come on people, the worst ever acts of terror have happened in the US of A!! I am not saying that the exact replication of this scenario can happen but.. so much else HAS happened, Why do you act so surprised and offended? It can happen is the US or anywhere else in the world as long as there terrorists around no matter where they come from. As far as the movie is concerned, it is a good story well brought to the screen by Antoine Fuqua and of course it's main star Gerard Butler.I am sick and tired of reading about "anhother Die Hard" movie. From critics to audiences,if one will say it, then everybody else repeats the same theme. Come on people, find something more original to say otherwise, don't say anything, be creative instead of boring.The movie was anything but boring. And after all, THIS IS A MOVIE. Go see it and enjoy it. It is the best action movie I have seen in a long time. I highly recommend it.
평점: 7	리뷰: Spoiler Alert - ummm....there is no real plot outside of copying every other action movie where the President or some loved one is captured by a supper bad a** and the hero royally kicks their bad a** all while getting his own a** kicked all over the place by other super bad a**es that are just really not that bad but just dumb....oh and don't forget the ultimate earth shattering have to save the country (or planet, or plane, or building, etc....) from the super disaster planned that no one knows about.....and wait for it.....a count down that they barely make.Mix in some Die Hard (Bruce Willis), add a splash of Air Force One (Harrison Ford), stir in a touch of the Matrix, and chill will a poor plot.....you have Olympus Has Fallen.Overall I was pleased, although I enter theaters for these kind of movies with reservation. Cast was good. Plot was lacking as expected. Predictable for the most part. Of course they were politically correct and would not blame what happened on any specific nation, but on a 'terrorist' from a specific nation. Would have liked Morgan Freeman (playing Speaker of the House and acting President) to have had more balls and told the terrorists to stick it up their a***s and just invaded North Korea immediately upon the demand to withdraw from the DMZ.The plot was so close to the original Die Hard in some ways, that there were scenes I swear they completely ripped offs from it. The cigarette scene, the helicopters and the roof scene, the hunting down the one rogue unknown good guy hiding element of the plot. Very very much a Die Hard wanna be.There were some relatively direct links to Air Force One as well. The President not following protocol leading to the mess they were in, the super duper secrete bunker to protect the president that our worst enemies not only know of, but know how all its computer systems et al in said bunker work. The family threat element (although that was not dominate like in AF1).Matrix - yea, the whole hiding in the walls thing was a direct rip from the Matrix.....no getting around that.....My recommendation....go see it and enjoy watching a very bad situation where the good guy kicks the s**t out of some bad a***s but don't expect anything original.
평점: 4	리뷰: WARNING: OLYMPUS HAS FALLEN IS MEANT FOR BAD ASSES. THEREFORE, THIS REVIEW (OBVIOUSLY) CONTAINS LANGUAGE.In the history of cinema, there have been plenty of films that demand that we stretch the realism of our real world. From sic-fi films such as Independence Day to Die Hard films that have one man taking out an incredible threat on his own, films love to stretch reality as far as they can. The new film Olympus Has Fallen may have stretched it the farthest I have seen in a very, very long time.Starring Gerard Butler, Aaron Eckhart, Angela Bassett, and Morgan Freeman, Olympus Has Fallen tells the story of a secret service agent (who had previously been on duty to protract the President, but was transferred after an accident in which the First Lady was killed) who must take out an entire North Korean terrorist cell that has successfully invaded the White House. That's right. The White House was successfully breached and the President has been taken hostage.But hold on to your dicks, because s*** talking agent Mike Banning (Butler) is here to save the god damn day. With nothing but instincts, a mean set of fighting skills, and a determination we only see from the real heroes like Rambo and John McClane, Banning is on a two-part mission: save the President and kill the son of a b**** that attacked the country he loves. Get out your sleeveless American flag t-shirts for this one, folks. Because f*** sleeves. Immense patriotism will be more than enough to keep you warm in any theater showing Olympus Has Fallen.So how did these a-holes take over the White House? I mean, this is the most secure building in the world. How could these guys get in? Well, simple. First they flew a giant air bomber right through restricted airspace, shooting down a few fighter jets trying to tell them to back off, and took out the military personnel on the roof of the White House. Simple. Then they bombed the gate surrounding the White House and drove in giant dump trucks heavily equipped with machine guns. All they needed was for every secret service member to come running unprotected out the front doors of the White House, which, obviously, they do. Then they had their leader ready on the inside, teamed up with a traitor secret service agent, so they can kidnap the President. Duh. Piece of cake. And all they had to do was have everything go quickly and perfectly without military interference. I'm honestly surprised this hasn't already happened in real life. It looks so simple.To read the rest of the review (IMDb form too short) visit: http://custodianfilmcritic.com/olympus-has-fallen/
평점: 8	리뷰: While there's a lot of folks saying that this is another "Die Hard", I think that it's more of a remake of "Under Siege" starring Steven Seagal from 1992. But this time, it's Gerard Butler playing Secret Service agent Mike Banning doing the action (and doing a pretty good job of it) instead of Steven Seagal playing Chief Petty Officer Casey Ryback. At times, it's almost the same word for word, but there are more plot twists in Olympus Has Fallen than in Under Siege. There were a couple of places where the script didn't make sense with what the bad guys wanted though, and because of the similarity of the two movies, it was somewhat predictable although Under Siege was on water and Olympus Has Fallen is on land. Regardless, it's a good ride if ya like action films, especially if ya like Gerard Butler.
평점: 8	리뷰: "Let's play a game of F--- Off. You go first." Mike Banning (Gerard Butler) to bad guy Kang (Rick Yune).If that sounds like a line John McClane (Bruce Willis) would have tossed off, then you get the idea why Olympus Has Fallen is being called "Die Hard in the White House." The hero here is Mike Banning, a disgraced Secret Service agent once assigned to POTUS, who gets his chance to refurbish his reputation by trying to wrench the White House from North Korean commandos who have taken it over.Olympus is a B actioner that follows the formula for presidents as hostages (see Air Force One starring Harrison Ford), at first neutered but ultimately victorious through wit and brawn. With the president's son involved in the action, including several high-ranking government officials as hostage, the president is no position to fight back as Ford's character was.The boilerplate action is supplied by Banning, played with cool and some occasional light banter by Butler. The sense of humor in part comes from an awareness of the thriller genre's formula and a willingness to lightly satirize it. Although some of the action is hard to believe, at times there's a gritty realism like swift shots to the head and headlocks that do their job quickly and efficiently. When garbage men and tourists turn into ugly Asian terrorists, certain believability about disguise and surprise that make me think it's all possible. Director Antoine Fuqua scheduled the attack to reflect in real time the fifteen minutes it would take the military to arrive at the White House.The black SUV's, the sun glasses, the drum rolls, the foreign assassins, the wife at home—these stock elements and more suggest we've been there before. Yet considering this is the dead zone time of year for the movies, you might enjoy some old-fashioned thrills.
평점: 8	리뷰: I like a good action film as well as the next guy/gal and have been looking forward to this one to help get the awful taste of the last Die Hard movie out of my mouth. Being a little over critical of wardrobe and set dressing, I had to just shrug off the low quality dress shirts they put on Aaron and his secret servicemen in the first scene. Okay, I can do that. The suits themselves looked pretty good so you didn't notice the shirts so much once they put their jackets on. You don't get to relax for long before one bad decision after another lands the president, some of his staff and the bad guys in the president's bunker under the White House. I have to admit that the story they created to get to this point was disappointing. When you ignore protocol, you will have problems. That's the main theme here. The rest is high speed action, more bad decisions and only Mike (Gerard Butler, looking real good) can clean up the mess. Took me forever to figure out who Gerard's wife was. Radha Mitchel, aka Johnny Depp's wife in Finding Neverland.There was no fall from grace for Gerard's character so don't let that mislead you. More like, you remind me of my loss and grief so I don't want to see you right now. That's not a fall from grace.There was a scene at the beginning that made me think there was going to be some political whining that reflects too much on the present whine fest in our country and I was glad that didn't last long.Great cast. Even the kid is good. Not on long but not annoying like so many kids are written.There is lots of bloody violence but what would you expect from a radical group taking over the White House? Silly String?
평점: 7	리뷰: Greetings again from the darkness. Gerard Butler doesn't always make wise decisions when picking his projects. In the right role, men admire him for being cool and tough, while women are enchanted with his charm. The role of Secret Service Agent Mike Banning is just about perfect for Butler. He not only gets to be an action hero, but he also has a strong relationship (with Radha Mitchell) and is a role model for the President's young son. Butler is so nearly perfect here, he should be cast in the next Old Spice commercial.The movie starts out with the backstory on how Agent Mike Banning (Butler) fell out of grace with the President and was reassigned to a desk job at Treasury. Pushing paper is like Siberia for a man of Banning's make-up. A terrorist invasion on the White House tosses Banning right smack in the middle of a violent and explosive act designed to leave the entire United States decimated. Circumstances being what they are, Banning is the only hope.Movies like this must have a quality bad guy. We get icy Rick Yune as Yang, a North Korean criminal mastermind. You might think this is extremely timely given the real world in North Korea, but Yune is certainly no Governmental official. The attack is very well planned and leaves Yune locked in the White House security bunker with the President, Vice President and Secretary of Defense (a spunky Melissa Leo). At the Pentagon, this leaves the Secretary of State (Morgan Freeman) and a bombastic General (Robert Forster) jockeying for control. Angela Bassett is there to referee. While this group of officials sits around looking anxious and worried, Agent Banning is a one man wrecking crew against the terrorists.The images of the White House being attacked will prove quite disturbing to any US citizen and the sequence comes off as something that could possibly occur. Let's hope director Antoine Fuqua (Training Day) performed sufficient research to know this attack couldn't actually happen. Still, Aaron Eckhart is a believable President ... in the Harrison Ford mode, tough as nails but also intelligent.There are of course similarities to Clint Eastwood's 1993 film In The Line of Fire, and many are comparing it to the 1988 classic Die Hard. For me, the difference in Gerard Butler's Mike Banning and Bruce Willis' John McClane is that Butler is the right guy in a bad place, while McClane was a good guy in the wrong place. The action sequences in Olympus are even bigger than Die Hard, and it's certainly clear there is much more at stake.The cast also includes Dylan McDermott and Ashley Judd. Without giving anything away, I'll admit this is my favorite Ashley Judd role of all time. It will be interesting to see how this one compares to Roland Emmerich's White House Down, which comes out in June. The story lines are almost identical with WHD starring Channing Tatum and Jamie Foxx. Olympus Has Fallen is a very satisfactory action movie and Butler has re-established himself as a real movie star. It's doubtful Emmerich's version will stand up against this one.
평점: 8	리뷰: OLYMPUS HAS FALLEN (2013) **1/2 Gerard Butler, Aaron Eckhart, Morgan Freeman, Rick Yune, Dylon McDermott, Angela Bassett, Melissa Leo, Robert Forster, Radha Mitchell, Cole Hauser, Finley Jacobson, Ashley Judd. "Die Hard in The White House" best sums up this by-the-numbers yet entertaining to a fault popcorn actioner with Butler as a disgraced Secret Service agent attempting a shot at redemption when Washington DC is plagued with a horde of Korean terrorists hellbent on nuclear destruction and basically the usual ploy of making life on Earth hell. A high body count doesn't make up for a pedestrian script by Creighton Rothenberger and Katrin Benedikt but director Antoine Fuqua keeps the pace fast but not so furious.
평점: 7	리뷰: Like Milius' Red Dawn (though not quite as accomplished technically), it's both completely indefensible substantively and yet a very enjoyable action film all the same. It knows what it is - jingoistic, idiotic drivel - but it's well shot and competently acted idiotic drivel if that makes sense. Fuqua, in the mold of Milius, really has his heart-thumping loud and proud as an All-American, but he injects real red-meat and vigor into his direction of the action, which has its chaos but is never hard to follow or disorientating (or it's more controlled chaos to put it another way). Gerard Butler is... as good as he can be, which means he's alright, as an action hero for the first time in a while, and more believable than a Leonidas or whatever. Aaron Eckhardt was just one second away from accidentally yelling "RACHEL!" ala Dark Knight. And Morgan Freeman looked mostly tired, but could still command the screen better than half the rest of the people in the room save for Robert Forster. Oh, and did I mention this movie has a lot of logical gaps (Dylan McDermott's character, for example), and the CGI, such as when a certain rectangular monument is destroyed for no real reason except for cinematic eye-candy, looks so awful that your Windows 95 screen-saver was more convincing? There is that. Olympus Has Fallen has an innumerable body count, effectively nasty-cum- stock villains, dialog that is to-the-point and story driven (even if that story, again, can be pretty stupid, and when it comes to those nuclear launch codes really needs a Dr. Strangelove in a wheelchair to come in and explain it to the Pentagon people), and I had a fun time watching the violence ensue. Perhaps when stacked up against actual bulls**** like Taken 2 or a Die Hard 5, its cinematic sins are slightly less egregious- it borrows from other films, liberally one might say (a little *original* Die Hard here, Air Force One there, any given hostage- crisis flick there, oh and how about most 24 episodes crammed into the climax), but somehow it trusts its audience to either be dumb enough to enjoy the ride, or that the smart people know its dumb but can enjoy its own dumb logic on its own terms. In other words, it's patently absurd, and all it's missing is a bald eagle to swoop in at the end to congratulate the heroes.
평점: 8	리뷰: Mike(Gerard Butler) a once great secret service guy, is now working for Treasury, cause he managed to save the president(Aaron Eckhart), during a car accident, but failed to save the first lady(Ashley Judd). Now two years later a Korean terrorist(Rick Yune) and his crew have taken over the white house, taking the president and his crew hostage. Mike makes his into the white house, will Mike become there last hope? Way better than A Good Day To Die Hard, the action and the violence was not glorified like a typical action film like mode, it felt very real, like this is really happening. Gerard Butler was good not really trying to do Bruce Willis. Aaron Eckhart is also good as the president, acting like a president would act if a president was in this situation. The supporting cast does not disappoint either. Rick Yune was a terrifying bad guy.
평점: 10	리뷰: Anyone that has ever been inside the security "bubble" of the President of the United States (POTUS) know how tight it is to get inside. When I am around POTUS I know I am likely on the safest place on earth. In Olympus Has Fallen, this movie is filled with unexpected twist and turns, the main premise of the movie is when POTUS security has been compromise and a force of evil doers take over the White House, aka Olympus. The pressure falls on secret service agent Mike Banning (Gerard Butler) to save the day. Some very intense shoot them up scenes, filled with modern weapons surely used to combat the new war on terror. This movie is perfect the big screen and I saw as my maiden experience with RPX® (Regal Premium Experience), the seats are comfy and the sound is intense at Regal at Atlantic Station.
평점: 8	리뷰: *When: 19:30, 27th Mar. 2013 *Where: MaiChiLai, KH. *How: Drive*Why: the critics allure me.*Whom: Myself.*What: 1. Patriotism: I hope this type of movie can be filmed in my country since there's no sense of crisis within my country. 2. Current Trend: this movie really match the current real N.Korea situation. 3. Relationship: I think it should reveal more background of the traitor. 4. Winning Point: Bloody and brutal fight of the actor with the decision of deputy President in tough circumstances. 5. Theater: the seat I think is the best in KH. *Conclusion: Who said anything about negotiating.
평점: 6	리뷰: First off,I am not a an ardent lover of action cinema.Watching guns blazing,bombs exploding,tanks rolling etc....(Insert Noise) is not very appealing to me.Fortunately Olympus has Fallen does not do them over the top and the action that is there is realistic and well executed, enough to set the mood and tone for an action film.The beginning ten-fifteen minutes are interesting and you think you are in for a treat but the movie doesn't rise too high from there.On the positive side though the acting is decent.Aaron Eckhart is convincing as president of U.S.Gerard Butler as Mike Banning steals the show with a powerful portrayal of a towering hunk who dominates his enemies,shows no mercy and tolerates little bullshit.An intriguing character and Butler does justice to the role.Morgan Freeman is well...Morgan Freeman,this is certainly not his best work.I really liked Ashley Judd and wished the plot allowed more of her.The problem with Olympus has fallen is that it rarely goes above the mediocre.It is OK as an action film.Not thrilling and gripping enough for a hostage drama to be called a thriller.The wisecracks do elicit a smile but you wish there were more.Its just a fine watch....not one of those movies that stays with you once you walk out of the cinema.Good enough for a theater watch?It's your call.
평점: 6	리뷰: OK so since i got to sleep on it. Olympus Has Fallen was a pretty good solid action flick. A little crazy with the CGI as usual in todays modern action movies. I could not help but wonder whether this was the original script for Die Hard 5. All they would have had to do was have John McClane touring the White House and the s**t hits the fan. So many parallels between this and the original Die Hard. Like the stereotypical terrorists who try to fake their own deaths at the end...just to name one. But seriously, it was like watching a rip of Die Hard without John McClane. But Gerard Butler saved the movie from being a complete rip off and it turned out to be an average action flick (only by modern standards). This movie wouldn't hold a light to the 80s gems such as Predator, Terminator, and Die Hard (or basically anything with Stallone or Arnie)
평점: 8	리뷰: The present-day President Benjamin Asher(Aaron Eckhart) of the United States gets entangled in a war originating from the deep past between the North & South Korea. Shockingly, a Combat Air-craft made it all the way to Washington headed straight for the White House just when the President was having a meeting with the Prime Minister of South Korea. Machine Guns unveiled, bullets fired, people died like ants & a mini-war arose in attempts to infiltrate & take control of Olympus and threaten to detonate all the Nuclear missiles unless the US retreats its troops that aid South Korea. Now the president is trapped in a bunker deep below and surrounded by rebels who wont budge unless their mission sees its fruition.This is where (Ex-Secret Service Agent) Mike Banning(Gerard Butler) steps in and carefully makes his way into the White House to save the President & extinguish this new-found threat against the United States.With his previously gained knowledge of the White House, Watch as Banning draws a mental map, takes control over the disaster & wins the situation with his epic heroic & well deserved skills yet again confirming that anarchy and terror can be well treated with patience & an iron hard will & determination fueled with awesomeness.True Victory is not borrowed, but earned.Enjoy this kick-ass movie! :)
평점: 9	리뷰: Thanks to the screenwriters, Creighton Rothenberger and Katrin Benedikt there is finally a political thriller that an audience can use. It's called "Olympus has Fallen". After that last "Die Hard" movie, the un-China "Red Dawn" and the extensible "Expendables", to see another big action piece.. Well, we were just bracing ourselves for more un-excitement. But what a pleasant turn.This time, screenwriters gave us a believable down-on-luck security officer to identify with; adding fight sequences, that for a change, make you want to get out of your seat and lend somebody a fist; but ultimately, we are given a visceral, choke-able villain to get your hands around that will make anybody re-think our future gun policy.And then there is the matter of the great timing of the release of this film. One of the screenwriters must confess to also being a speech writer for the North Korean Leadership. May the leader, Kim Jong Um, spark a comedy next season.
평점: 9	리뷰: Olympus Has Fallen (2013) *** (out of 4)Former Presidential guard Mike Banning (Gerard Butler) finds himself going up against a group of terrorists who have overtaken the White House and now have the President of the United States (Aaron Eckhart) held captive. Banning must go thru the White House to save the President's son as well as try to save the main man before the terrorists get ahold of what they're after. Look, if you're walking into OLYMPUS HAS FALLEN expecting some sort of heartfelt political drama then I'd recommend leaving before the trailers are over. If you're looking for an outrageous, over-the-top, corny, goofy madhouse then this here will be your cup of tea. There's no question about it but director Antoine Fuqua does a terrific job at keeping the action moving at a fast pace and giving us some characters to root for. The film really does seem like a throwback to those films of the 1940s that were made when the U.S. was involved in WWII. Those films were very patriotic, waved the U.S. flag proudly and didn't give a darn about anyone else. This film certainly waves the flag with the villain being North Korea and I must admit that I was a little shocked at how blazing the film was in painting them as pure evil. I was also shocked to see how many guts this film had because at no time did you ever know where the story was going to go because you even have women getting beaten, which is usually something that doesn't happen in these type of films. The action is pretty much non-stop after a somewhat silly opening where we see the "tragic" circumstance that leads Banning away from his job. It doesn't take long for the guns to start firing and we're treated to all sorts of fights, explosions and violent deaths. The film is really over-the-top in terms of its story but it's equally matched by the graphic violence, which just makes for a fun time. There's even a torture sequence, which contains some hilarious dark humor. The cast is another major plus as Butler has no problem playing a sympathetic tough guy and of course Eckhart can handle his part. The supporting cast is just as fun and includes Melissa Leo, Dylan McDermott, Morgan Freeman, Angela Bassett and Robert Forster. Again, the plot itself is pretty far-fetched and there's no question that the film doesn't try to be anything other than a popcorn movie. I think it really succeeds all around and is certainly one of the better action pictures so far in 2013.
평점: 8	리뷰: I won't call this the greatest film I've seen, but when you look at the drawl of mediocre sequels and crappy remakes that Hollywood has been cranking out for the past few years, this film is definitely one worth while. I did my best to go into the theater with NO expectations, that way I could go either way in terms of approval or disapproval. Overall I approve. The film had a very nice flow to it, and brought a sort of old- school feel to theater. You'll probably hear people describe this as what Die Hard 5 should've been, or what it would be like if Die Hard went to DC. That does place it fairly well. This film is certainly reminiscent of the legendary Die Hard series, but somehow manages not to do a total rip-off. The cast was well picked, though I do wonder if names like Morgan Freeman were picked just to beef it up. Regardless, overall I'd give the actors a 9/10. Butler did a very good job, and Angela Bassett and Rick Yune were very memorable and convincing in their roles. Eckhart has seen better days in his career, but his performance was enough to be convincing at the very least. The story had a nice flow to it which is something I miss very much in films. There were small twists here and there, but all in all it fit together. The action sequences were well done, though I think Hollywood devotes too much time to FX and not enough to a good movie. The dialog was questionable though, at times. I felt like some of it was just too cliché, or just flat out poorly placed. I think the characters could've been much more had they had better lines. With a better script and perhaps more character development, this movie would've gone incredibly far. But as I said, in comparison to what's been coming out, this movie is a much needed break. All in all, it's worth watching with some friends once or twice. *A note to parents though, that the invasion on the White House could give the opening scene from Private Ryan a run for it's money. It's much more gruesome than the R-rating might hint at. Other than that, this movie is a very enjoyable action flick, hopefully a sign that things are looking up in the movie industry.
평점: 7	리뷰: Olympus Has Fallen is a mostly formulaic action movie that hit the right spot for me. It's not entirely original but it is entertaining, which is more than I can say for every other action flick that has come out this year. This is the script they should've slapped the Die Hard name to instead of that garbage that was the newest Die Hard. In fact, this is the best Die Hard since the third one. It follows the simple formula; lone hero in a confined space, vastly out-manned and out gunned, ton of kills and the occasional one liner. Olympus has Fallen does all of these things exceedingly better than any action-er I've seen this year.Before I get too ahead of myself, should probably let you know what this flick is about. Olympus Has Fallen is about disgraced former Presidential guard Mike Banning who finds himself trapped inside the White House in the wake of a terrorist attack; using his inside knowledge, Banning works with national security to attempt to rescue the President from his North Korean kidnappers. The story is not the most original but moves at a good pace and is not too complicated. What makes this movie stand apart from the others is the hugely talented cast. Gerard Butler, Aaron Eckhart, Morgan Freeman, Angela Bassett, Robert Forster, Melissa Leo, Ashley Judd, Dylan McDermott, Cole Hauser, Radha Mitchell & Rick Yune. Told ya the cast was huge. Everyone is very capable in their roles but due to the size it seems a few people are underused (Melissa Leo and Angela Bassett especially). I'm a huge fan of Gerard Butler's when he's in action flicks (QUIT DOING ROMANTIC COMEDIES), he's very likable and physical enough to make the action believable. Aaron Eckhart plays the President, and is awesome as usual but it does feel like he slips into Harvey Dent mode a few times. Morgan Freeman plays Morgan Freeman, you know what to expect with him.The actions scenes are extremely well done, the CG looks a little video gameish at points but it's OK. A ton of stuff gets blown up, the body count is huge and there are some surprisingly brutal deaths. As far as the action goes, it gets an A+. Antoine Fuqua directed this movie and does a decent job. He creates an incredible sense of tension, which is a rarity for these type of movies. Like I said, the action is well done but it seems like Mr. Fuqua watched a few too many Michael Bay movies. The slow motion is overused, the color schemes are similar, the music is hokey and final scene (which involves an American flag) looks like it was lifted from every Bay film. As you can tell, I'm not a fan of Bay's and these things are about the only negatives I have.Olympus Has Fallen is the best action movie of 2013, so far. It was a ton of fun to watch, had some very good tension and was simply a really fun watch. If you're a fan of action movies, this is a definite watch.
평점: 8	리뷰: This movie was pretty suspenseful from the beginning. It is basically Die Hard in the White House. Would Bruce Willis have done just as good of a job? Probably, but we'll never know. The action is intense including gun fights, explosions, stabbings, head shots, did I say stabbings? Mike Banning likes to kill bad guys, and he usually chooses to shoot them in the head or stab them. For me at least, it never got old. There of course are predictable parts, and this pieces together like the other movies from this type of hostage/takeover drama, but it seemed to work, take itself seriously at times, but many times, not too seriously. There are cheesy moments with the action and some typical plot holes, but at 2 hrs, I'm sure Fuqua was just trying to simplify it. Many of the scenes with the president felt legit and characteristic of a stand-up guy in his position.Check out www.moviescoundrel.com for more
평점: 8	리뷰: A solid action flick. Gerald Butler is brutal and lives up to his character's reputation-- and manages to be empathetic and show genuine humanity at the same time. The bad guys are BAD and unrelenting. No morality conflicts here, these guys are out for blood. If you were let down by the latest movie masquerading as a 'Die Hard' film, go see this one. You'll be pleasantly entertained, I think. The film is well paced, and won't bore you with any pointless 'non-action', narrative, and flashback scenes that have plagued a lot of recent films. The other characters are believable, and its nice to see Morgan Freeman make and appearance, although his involvement seems a bit muted-- and he doesn't seem as free to stretch his acting muscles as much as he did in the Batman Trilogy and other films. All in all, worth the ticket price of a manatee showing.
평점: 6	리뷰: I've always had a soft spot for films where an action hero kills about 50 bad guys, escapes unscathed, and in the grand finale, has hand-to-hand combat with the No 1 bad guy, saves the destruction of the country with 3 second to go, and manages to take swipes at North Korea and the middle east. You do, I admit, get your money's worth of violence, with dead bodies strewn all over the White House (or what's left of it). I guess after Zero Dark Thirty they wanted to give equal time to the bad guys. And on this account, they succeeded admirably. it will change your behavior the next time you visit a green grocer in New York. Kim Jong-un is said to be a movie buff. If he watches this one, make sure Dennis Rodman is by his side.
평점: 5	리뷰: I am surprised at how many reviewers have given it rating above 7! In my view most of the reviews here, are irrationally biased. Yes, the plot lacks originality and it better make up for it in its treatment. They have really worked hard on action sequences but the edits have failed many scenes. For the whole movie, you don't feel that the protagonist is shattered or to be defeated or even weak. It was really difficult to get in synch with the feelings of the central character.(Its very easy for US audience to relate with 'US is under attack' or 'the world is going to end' kind of plots). Script has got some holes which can quickly kill the flow of watching. The movie is good but not at all great. deserves 5 or 6. Hollywood has much much better to offer than this.
평점: 5	리뷰: Really did not like this movie. I'm giving it a 5 for the production values. Sure, this is Die Hard in the White House, but boy did it take a wrong turn. After 9/11 would it really take so long to bring down the assault plane? Was it really necessary to make the crumbling of the Washington Monument a copy of the collapse of the towers? Should not the seal attack be called off after seeing what they were up against? As for the hostages, the only politician to earn my respect was Melissa Leo's Secretary McMillan, despite her over the top recitation of the Pledge of Allegiance, comes across as serious and dedicated, unlike the President. I know there's not much review as criticism here, but this is one of the few films that I couldn't get over the stupidity of some plot points.
평점: 7	리뷰: Olympus Has Fallen has a lot to like about it, but there are too many times that I was asking myself "Why would he do that?" or "Why would he think that?" or "How could that happen". There were just a few too many moments that didn't make any sense.The action is intense and nearly non-stop after the opening 15-20 minutes of the film. Although there were many predictable moments, the film also has its share of twists to keep it interesting. I will say that I made one of the villains early on, although I'm not so sure it wasn't a lucky guess rather than a flaw in the film.Gerard Butler is a likable and capable lead in this action film. As others have stated, his Mike Banning character can certainly draw comparisons to Bruce Willis' John McClane character from the Die Hard movies, and deservedly so. Like McClane, Butler's Banning fights as virtually a one-man army against the bad guys and has good one-liners that make him ever the more fun.Aaron Eckhart is also enjoyable as President Asher, a character that tries to be nearly as tough as Banning. Morgan Freeman and Angela Bassett give their usual strong supporting roles, as does Melissa Leo in a small, but noticeable role as the Secretary of Defense. Rick Yune was solid as Kang, the main villain. For an action movie, the acting was much better than the norm overall.Where I believe the movie does fall apart is the plot/storyline. The main plot was a little weak, although I could buy into that. After all, this is an action flick, so one generally has to suspend disbelief. But about every 5 or 10 minutes in this film, somebody does something that just didn't make any sense if one has any logic at all. Throughout most of the movie, Banning seems to be not only the great action hero, but the only character that has any sense at all. Brains + brawn with good dialog makes for a great action hero, but couldn't someone else use their brain occasionally.Don't get me wrong, it was a fun movie that will keep you entertained for a couple of hours, just don't expect it to be the perfect movie. On the action, characters, and acting alone, I could have given this an 8 or so, but with the holes in the plot/storyline, it unfortunately drops to the 6.5-7 range, which in many ways is kind of a shame. I gave Olympus the 7.
평점: 7	리뷰: Watching this film brought back many Die Hard memories, and yes everyone is saying that this is pretty much Die Hard in the White House. I can't argue with that. This film is actually a hell of a lot better then that recent disaster A Good Day to Die Hard. It's like Gerard Butler was getting in touch with his inner John McClane. All said this film is an awesome action flick, despite it's cliché moments, plot holes, and American vomiting patriotism.Gerad Butler plays Mike Banning, a former U.S. Army Ranger turned Secret Service agent in charge of the Presidential Detail. Banning is close to President Benjamin Asher (Aaron Eckhart), the First Lady (Ashley Judd), and their son Connor. After a tragic car accident that results in the death of the First Lady, Banning is basically demoted to a desk job at the Treasury Department near the White House. One day a group of terrorists launch a coordinated attack on the White House and take the President hostage. During the attack Banning manages to shot his way into the White House. With the White House under terrorist control, the president hostage, and U.S. forces powerless, its up to Mike Banning to take down the Terrorists from the inside, before they succeed in their terrifying plot to destroy the United States.What I enjoyed most about this film was that It was almost like a nostalgic trip to those awesome action flicks on the 90s like Die Hard, Air Force One, and Under Siege. Its has this old school action style to it which brought back many fond memories of the Die Hard themed action flicks. If you love the adrenaline rush of an action film then you'll love this movie. I suppose Olympus has Fallen doesn't really offer anything original, and one might pick out some obvious flaws. Do the terrorists realize that their actions would result in the total destruction of their own country? How the heck did the terrorists get their hands on an AC-130 Spectre gunship? Where did they get that super advanced anti-aircraft defense system? Would the President and his staff really give up such top secret information to save each other when they are risking the lives of millions of people, and the well being of the whole country!? and how did Morgan Freeman become President of the United States Again?Despite that this film is still a lot of fun. The action is intense, bloody, and unrelenting. Gerard Butler has this commanding presence that you'd expect from an action star. He plays Mike Banning as a hard working professional rather then falling into that cliché disgraced hero looking for redemption role. He kicks ass, he cracks clever one liners, hes not invincible he bleeds and hurts, and come across as a more believable hero compared to some of the other crap action stars we've seen here and there. We get a great performance from a great supporting cast led by Morgan Freeman, Aaron Eckhart, and Melissa Leo. The main villain played by Rick Yune is ruthless and smart, which makes him a more terrifying character. I could see Rick Yune in the same mold as many of thos epic Die Hard Villains. Every great hero needs a great villain. To its credit you do end up rooting for Gerard Butler, you are kept interested, and you are kept thinking what will happen next. This film is what the recent Die Hard movie should have been, and for that I give this film high marks.
평점: 10	리뷰: Much like a particular hard-boiled New York detective from the Eighties and a certain Navy SEAL cook from the Nineties, ex-Secret Service agent Mike Banning is about to have a very bad day. Luckily, this bad day is a real audience pleaser. In this moment in time, when films like "The Expendables" 1 and 2, "Bullet to the Head," "The Last Stand," and "A Good Day to Die Hard" are all vying for that nostalgic Eighties/early Nineties trip down action memory lane, "Olympus Has Fallen" wins over them all, completely taking the prize as the true meat and potatoes throwback to Regan-era extravaganzas that action junkies have been waiting for. I had the pleasure of doing coverage for this script ten years ago, while I was interning at a production company in Los Angeles. Fortunately, they kept the title. It always had the right ring to it. I am happy to say that the finished product, which I had the unique pleasure of viewing with the film's talented writers, Creighton Rothenberger and Katrin Benedikt, is the same action ride that I read on paper a decade ago. It's refreshing to see writers Creighton and Katrin coming up with scenarios that are simply meant to impress the audience and take them on a ride. I am reminded of that moment when our wisecracking hero, Banning (Gerard Butler, back in pitch-perfect tough guy mode), has to go to the roof of the White House and destroy an out-of-control missile defense system. Seeing that type of adventurous scenario on the big screen again made me giddy and nostalgic. I love those moments, and I love these movies. In the age of PG-13 and/or watered-down-R action pictures, not to mention films that are entirely too short ("Die Hard 5," anyone?), the R-rated "Olympus Has Fallen," which runs at a pleasing two hours, is the definitive Guy's Action Popcorn Movie (thankfully not released on Valentine's Day), a throwback to the age of the fun ride. The White House has become a war zone after an amazing all-out assault by North Korean baddies (we're talking James Cameron-eque, "Black Hawk Down" technical precision and attention to detail. Kudos to director Antoine Fuqua). Modern audiences will be happy with camera choices that occasionally give us first-person-shooter scenarios. I loved the various scenes of hand-to-hand combat, as well as Banning's unapologetic view about getting the job done (look no further than his interrogation methods). In a nod to Schwarzenegger/Seagal-esque violence, one particularly vulgar and aggressive back and forth banter with main baddie Rick Yune is darkly funny and warranted, and a mid-point moment involving a bust of Lincoln is a literal knockout. The White House geography also is used well to appropriately brutal effect. There are moments where the lighting is similar to director/cinematographer Peter Hyams films ("Sudden Death," "The Relic"), movies that play with darkness and shadows and revel in them. Thus, in many instances, our hero, dressed in black (naturally cut from the same unstoppable cloth as one Mr. Seagal), emerges from the dark to dispense justice, and he could be lurking anywhere. One particular scene, as Banning walks down a hallway, gun pointed, illuminated only by a hanging halogen light, will remind you of the era of then-cinematographer Jan de Bont's "The Hunt for Red October."Although released in this uncertain and grim post-9/11 era, when there is necessary discussion about gun control (and I am very in favor of the idea), the film, with its gruesome, unapologetic action, frankly has the right tone that a throwback action movie needs. That night in the theater, I got my action movie fix. "Olympus Has Fallen" will be a definite Blu-ray purchase for me. I look forward to watching that White House assault scene again with my theater surround system. I congratulate Mr. Rothenberger and Ms. Benedikt on their first produced effort. Enjoy the ride and watch as Banning saves the day with the old-school attitude that takes a well deserved break from PG-13. Highly recommended.
평점: 8	리뷰: This movie is an entertaining, action and tension filled thriller in the key of the Die Hard series where terrorists attack the White House from the inside and menace American society and have to be stopped by a disgraced lone wolf who wants to clear his name and save his country.From the dramatic opening scene to the tension filled ending, this movie is a breathless hunt. The action scenes are off course a little bit overproduced but it's better than other recent Hollywood flicks like "A Good Day to Die Hard" that simply go too far with their special effects and feel rather ridiculous in the end. The story line is definitely nothing new but the intensity and the surprisingly solid acting Gerard Butler, Aaron Eckhart, Melissa Leo, Morgan Freeman and antagonist Rick Yune make this movie one of the better of its popular and repetitive kind. On a personal note, I might also add supporting actress Malana Lea who doesn't have a big role but who perfectly incarnates the devil in disguise, a breathtaking beauty with a truly evil side. Nevertheless, the movie has a couple of flaws. It's not quite clear what happens to the First Lady in the beginning of the movie. I thought the accident scene on the bridge was somewhat strange. Was it a simple accident or an attack from the outside? The movie includes other strange moments. The role of the character played by Dylan McDermott remains mysterious. One gets no credible reason for his negative attitude as well as for his sudden change of mind. It's also strange that he isn't used by the main actor after his change of mind to mix up things in the bunker of the White House. His role could have been a lot more profound and he could have been the changing element of the whole story. Instead, his fate is quickly abandoned. Let's add also that even the intentions of the antagonists remain somewhat superficial. How did they all infiltrate the South Korean government as well as the United States of America and what are the true convictions and reasons behind their actions? I'm aware of the fact that this flick is meant to be a straight action thriller but a little bit more depth would have been a great deal as well to stand out of all these quite similar movies.Once again, I must also add that this film includes mild propaganda elements. It's not as evident as in "Red Dawn" but maybe similar to "Argo". Instead of choosing mafia bosses, radical American terrorists who want to destroy their own government or an international gangster organization, it had to be once again pro North Korea terrorists. This movie underlines in a subtle way how dangerous this American enemy could be and what could eventually happen if one didn't try to prevent them from doing what they do. I think that arts and politics shouldn't mix too much. There have been plenty of patriotic war movies after the 9/11 incident and they surely had their reasons to be there. After a few years, these patriotic movies disappeared but now they seem to have come back over the last three years or so for no apparent reason. These slight propaganda attitudes seem to have for goal to challenge the nation's enemies and to make people believe that the United States of America are still going strong despite the economic crisis and the events that made Afghanistan and Iraq a second or third Vietnam. I would have liked this movie more if the terrorists had not been stereotypes of an American enemy.Despite these few flaws, this movie is truly entertaining and among the strongest films of the not so young year 2013. I recommend you to watch this film in your local cinemas to be able to appreciate the great sound and special effects it has. As many people said, this is what the last "Die Hard" movie should have been.
평점: 8	리뷰: This movie manages to deliver the goods in the action and suspense departments, even if the story is second-rate. I did find myself invested in the fate of the characters, but this could have been an even better movie if the villains were more threatening, and the victims in more peril, or if the tension had been ratcheted up a bit. Still, it's a pretty good movie, because it doesn't waste any time with any unnecessary material. Like "Die Hard 5", the film makes up for in action what it lacks in story. It's also the kind of the movie that opens in the summer.*** out of ****

영화제목: Elysium
평점: 7	리뷰: Matt Damon stars in the Sci-fi/political thriller Elysium, Neill Blomkamp's follow up to District 9, along with Jodie Foster as Elysium's Secretary Delacourt and Sharlto Copley as the main villain Kruger. Is Elysium on par with Oscar nominated District 9? Absolutely NOT! Not even close but it is still a solid sci/fi entertainment. It is a more conventional film than its predecessor, which I was not expecting from Blomkamp.The film starts of very cliché and gave me some eye roll moments but it quickly picks itself up from reaching into mediocrity. They way it does this is by evoking political messages through out the film in relevance with today's society. Questioning our handling with immigration, military power, our health care. Which I found to be important in this film. Obviously me and Blomkamp share each others political stance. For anyone else it might seem like its trying to oversell its message.I felt most of the cast were very under used. Jodie Foster's character really didn't have much to work with. She was just there to move the plot forward. Matt Damon served his purpose as the lead but by no means of the imagination is this one of his best performances. They were all over shadowed by Sharlto Copley. My God, is he great as Kruger! Right away we are introduced into this provocative-sociopath with no regard for human life. The story really needed this kind of menacing character. He is by far the film's best positive. Another negative aspect of this film would be its pacing. When we are given emotional scenes they don't stay long enough to settle and doesn't give that emotional impact you were hoping for.Like District 9 it delivers on the the beautiful imagery. Using the very best Weta Workshop has to offer. From its big guns to the human-like robots, to the space station of Elysium. The action set pieces were just as exciting as its predecessor. The film really manages to capture all its budget on screen. My biggest issue comes from the excessive use of shaky cam. It was used when the characters were simply walking to the action sequences. I felt ninety percent of this film was shaky cam. Which got me a little dizzy since I ,unfortunately, got to sit in the very front of the theater. That might have something to do with it as well.Neill Blomkamp has established once again that he can compete with the best Directors of the genre films. Elysium shows more flaws than his first film but they are overwhelmed by its positive aspects, to me at least. It was not a disappointment and it was a solid popcorn entertainment and a smarter than average sci/fi film.
평점: 4	리뷰: Just saw this in an advance screening, and wasted two hours. The biggest issue I had with the movie was that the characters were not sympathetic at all on any level. I could care less if the characters arrived on Elysium and in fact was hoping they wouldn't. There were so many glaring plot holes or things that were left unexplained. Like why did there seem to be zero vegetation on earth for the overpopulated earth citizens. Also the Kruger character was an absolute joke. He was a cross between Freddy Krueger and Brad Pitt in Snatch. He made nonstop commentary that you could only understand half the time. This movie tried to go action over plot and character, which could have been fine if not for the close up shaky cam. During most of the fight scenes you couldn't tell who was winning losing or being thrown against a wall. The movie was not worth the time, and I am glad that the pass was free. Do not bother with it.

영화제목: Battle Los Angeles
평점: 1	리뷰: Just Saw this Film at an advanced screening in Long Beach.Battle: Los Angeles is the tale of Staff Sargeant Nantz' last day as a marine. Without spelling it out or drawing a diagram, the audience and the marine platoon we are following, are immediately deployed into Los Angeles for reasons they do not know. Soon we learn that indeed Aliens are landing off the shore of LA and killing everyone on the beach. The platoon we are following is sent on a mission to get some survivors from a gas station several miles from the coast. Generic movie ensues.The film is shot like Bourne with epilepsy. I'm 21 years old and not too old to follow the action on screen, its just really, really, annoying when 80% of the shots are extremely herky jerky close-ups. There is not a single steady shot in the entire film. Not one. The intensity of the effect wears off right after the first alien is killed. After that the movie spiralled downhill deep, deep into the realm of the cliché. I'm going to name a few character's roles that are in this film, see if you can recognize them from other films you've seen. Experienced, hardened leader who gets a new platoon. Young officer straight out of officer's school who can't handle the action. Bad ass chick who can shoot. Soft and sweet nurse who gets picked up along the way. An Asian guy, a black guy, a white dude from the south, and a rookie make up the main part of the platoon. There is a scene where tension is high and its just a damn dog making noise. Start to see where this is going? This movie had some good things going for it. Its use of silence was well done. The blasting boom of the gunshots were startlingly realistic. The alien spacecrafts are awesome. The aliens themselves are pretty cool. Its just that the screenplay is terrible. SOOOOOO cliché in every way. This is your standard war movie just with Aliens. The ending is just as cliché as the rest of the film. Don't fool yourself into thinking it will actually be difficult to beat the aliens. 0 thought involved.Hopefully Mr. Liebesman has better luck with the final product of Clash 2 than he did with this. Everyone I saw the movie with thought it was pretty bad. Movies like this that I totally enjoyed: District 9, Cloverfield, Avatar (somewhat), City of God (cinematography) and Blackhawk Down. All much, much better than this.District 9 and the Bourne Identity had a really stupid baby.
평점: 8	리뷰: I would like to say that this movie lives up to you're expectations if you are expecting the right things. This is an alien invasion movie so you must remember that throughout the movie. It is similar to Skyline but better and on that note Skyline was not a bad movie. When I go to see a movie like this I expect big booms and big aliens and that is what you get from this movie. I rate it an 8 out of 10 for alien invasion style movies. They all cant be Independence Day! The story line is a little tired but what else is there really to talk about in a story like this. From the military aspect of it they show some nice weaponry which is always a plus. The aliens are pretty well done too. The film is a little jerky but who wants to watch still frames the whole time, you may as well watch a slide show if thats what you want. Well done!
평점: 6	리뷰: Just Saw this films about 3 Hours ago at MCAS Miramar...just imagine how great this sounds... Independence day + call of duty = Battle LA. There's no way the can mess this up right?... wrong. I was extremely excited about this film, I was following all the trailers, the viral marketing but the end result was rather disappointing.Aaron Eckhart, Michelle Rodriguez did a great job, but the supporting cast was sub par, and the dialogue was crap. The camera work was as shacky as this directors career... seriously, who would hire the The Texas Chainsaw Massacre: Beginning, B rated director to direct a 100 million dollar project... who's running this studio? if this studio is this desperate for ideas/advice then they should hire me...well lets get back on track...Plot summarized: (1)Marines Deploy after the Aliens invade(2) Marines ordered to save cops/civilians at the police station (2) Marines save some civilians (3) The Marines decide to hot wire a bus(really?)during a alien assault (4) they all board a bus and head to base(5) They make it to base after a serious of events and find it in ruins (just like in ID4) (6) The team decides to head for the secondary extraction zone and Blah, Blah, Blah... - sorry, i got better things to do on Friday night...Battle LA is not a bad movie, Its entertaining and fun to watch but it falls flat rather quickly.Posted on my facebook - "felt like i was watching a recruiting commercial" *** /out of 5I got to hand it to Aaron Eckhart... That rifle to pistol transition, during that Alien retreat was good! Ooh-Rah
평점: 5	리뷰: I went into this movie expecting something good. This was supposed to be skyline with a budget. Well..... it was just that. The story however didn't get improved much. The story line is as follows. Meteors heading towards earth...... they crash into ocean near major cites all over world..... aliens emerge and start killing everything in sight...... marines sent in to evacuate before air strike....... blah blah blah you get the general idea. The fighting scenes were OK the effects were decent but they really messed up the story. We are told that the aliens are obviously here for our resources and they are here to wipe us out or colonize us or something. Then we find out the aliens are just really here for our water which for some reason seems to power everything for them. >_>; So it would seem the aliens run on water and the ships that are all unmanned for some reason also run on water...... so rather than just covertly take the water they came up on land and just started to take over..... halfway through they capture a semi live alien to figure out how to kill it.... they cut it open and pull it apart and find what appears to be a heart and viola! All we have to do to beat these things is to cut them open and stab the heart.... oh wait we cant do that.... some of the other problems I had were time errors.... one scene they are in the middle of the day then later they are being evacuated by copter at night. After 15 mins of walking through the sewer they emerge and TADA its the middle of the afternoon. I would say you should go see it to say you saw it but that is all.
평점: 3	리뷰: It doesn't matter whether you arrive late at the cinema or you need to leave the cinema before the movie ends because there is no plot, and it looks just all the same throughout the 2 hours: A small team of soldiers plus a small team of aliens playing hide and seek in a battlefield. Minimal change in setting, sound and there is a lock of story development. Perhaps the only good thing about the movie is it successfully differentiates itself from the normal sci-fi alien movie i.e. no super-powerful alien forces that can wipe-out everything in seconds. So the beauty is the touch of realism, that allows human soldiers to fight with guns and bombs whilst the aliens fight with weapon of similar level of power. Yet, this plain fight lasts for 2 hours!
평점: 8	리뷰: Battle: Los Angeles (or Enemy Invasion in EU countries) is a pretty neat example of what you'll get if you combine camera style of "Cloverfield", basic plot of "The Independence Day" and the atmosphere of "Black Hawk Down" together. That would be it for most people if only the target audience wasn't familiar with video games and haven't recognized many influences mostly from Killzone and Crysis franchises. I'm not saying it's a bad thing - definitely something to make the movie more visible in the amounts of action flicks made these days. And probably the first one to get it right how to mix video games with movies - those familiar with those franchises will enjoy it even more, those who are not will never notice since those influences are not so explicitly shown throughout the movie. Even though somewhat cheesy, Battle: LA is one hell of an enjoyable ride. Especially for fans of Killzone, Crysis, Quake and, what the heck, even Gears of War and Halo. Jonathan Libesman never made any really noticeable movie but something tells me he's gonna make it with this one. 8 out of 10.
평점: 8	리뷰: Wow...Now it's been a long time since I said that when it comes to a movie. Or anything really. But I'll say it again. Wow! Battle: Los Angeles looked fantastic from it's electrifying TV spots and Trailers but who knew it would actually live up to the intensity I hoped for. And it does and it's so much than I could have hoped for. The film is simplistic in concept we get invaded this is the story of the marine platoon who discovers a weakness in the deadly E.T. force turning the war back into our favor. There's a little bit of back story thrown in at the beginning so we get a gist of each individual. But when the action starts it doesn't stop and it is intense. Don't think this is Transformers or even Independence Day for that matter this is a new beast borrowing from 80's classics like Aliens and Predator and adding in the realism of Paranormal Activity if you will. The movie is so intense, it's a little corny in parts but emotionally engaging nonetheless, it's terrifying in parts, even a little disturbing but most of all it's just a great time at the movies a big buttery, salty popcorn flick. The film doesn't aim for depth and even though it offers glimpses of a different film it doesn't veer away from it's true intention. Which is to entertain the crap out of you. And it does. I laughed, I cried, I sweated and I cheered, in fact everyone did when the movie ended. Battle Los Angeles is truly an electrifying roller coaster ride of a film. And it owes it all too Johnathan Liebesman director of the somewhat promising but silly Darkness Falls and the grim but rawly dread drenched Texas Chainsaw Massacre: the beginning. he brings those elements here with a little sprinkle of when Michael Bay made good films. Sure the acting isn't spot on all the time and the major problem to be honest is the screenplay with some truly insipid dialog. But the film is beautifully done, with great creative cinematography and sound effects that will blow you away and some surprisingly involving performances especially from Aaron Eckheart and Bridget Moynahan. And being a gay man I must say I came across a new crush Gino Anthony Nesi he's so gorgeous and I hope to see much more of him in movies to come. All in all a super, great entertaining film the best film of it's kind in the last twenty years.
평점: 6	리뷰: I'd give this movie a 6-7 stars out of 10. This movie wasn't the best, it's like any other "alien movie": 1.Aliens come, and destroy everything 2.There's no hope except for these few people who fight till the end 3.People die there's drama etc.. 4.After all that they find hope and then they destroy the aliens .. 5.A few people live and they're considered as the "heroes"That's how it goes ... very predictable ... the graphics weren't great at all considering were in 2011 !! Even though it was predictable the actors,the few jokes her and there made this movie a lot better then expected.(I actually cling ed when the characters were in a "pickle" ... lol Overall this movie was OK... not the best .... it had potential but the directors didn't take full advantage of that because they knew this plot was like any other "alien movie" plot.
평점: 6	리뷰: The time is today (well, a few months away, to be exact) and the macro background is rendered intentionally vague. What the alien invaders really are is absolutely inconsequential. They are enemies and must be defeated – their lives or ours, period. Yes, there is one scene in which US marines and a civilian vet plunge their hands into the open torso of a dying alien (it's hard to tell whether it's front or back), ransacking, pulling out an assortment of slimy objects, trying to find a vital organ. The outcome of this unintentionally (or maybe intentionally, I don't know) comical scene is a simple, sweet conclusion: their heart is on their right side – to kill, shoot right. You see my point.The focus of the movie is micro – a group of marines fighting their way out of a battered area of L.A. to bring out some rescued civilians, and later to destroy a vital communication centre of the enemy's that they stumbled across. As I inferred in the summary line, the fighting is quite conventional, artillery-based, state-of-the-art hardware notwithstanding. As such, this movie is well crafted and filmed and would satisfy most hard-core traditional war movie fans. Part and parcel of the package is of course the emotion contents: personality conflict, heroism, cliff-hangers, casualties, sacrifices, poignancy – all very familiar and predictable. At the end of the day, observing the length Hollywood has gone to boost the morale of the US marine, you would almost believe that they got tipped off by the government that a major campaign is about to be launched.The cast is strong for a movie of this genre. Aaron Eckhart, one of the most under-recognized actors in Hollywood, leads the cast as well as the US marines in the story. Bridget Moynahan, who once played Isaac Asimov's legendary Susan Calvin (in her young days) opposite Will Smith in "I, Robot" (2004), is underused here as the civilian vet referred to earlier. Also underused, in a different way, is Michelle Rodriguez, one of the best tough-chick actors around today, not getting as much action as you would like to see her get. Thrown into the movie for good measure is Michael Pena (remember his collaboration with Nicholas Cage in "World Trade Centre" (2006) as the two trapped firemen?) playing a small role as a civilian with a family and winding up as collateral damage.
평점: 3	리뷰: I went to the midnight opening with two buddies... I should have gone to bed! This is essentially just a more gritty remake of Independence Day, with a bit of Blackhawk Down mixed in. Unfortunately, it's FAR more ID4 than BD, and doesn't even have Will Smith to distract you from the plot and dialogue.The MTV Camera-Work worked better for this movie than many, but it may cause seizures if you're prone to such things.Don't even get me started on the strategy & tactics of the aliens - The Mobile Infantry from Starship Troopers had a better battle plan! The CGI & battle scenes are very good, but get lost in a plot driven by 'hoo-rah' cliché'. And while they do try to poke fun at themselves at one point by referencing John Wayne, even that falls flat and just seems silly in context. If you can check your brain at the door, it's not a complete waste of two hours.
평점: 7	리뷰: War movies depicting a group of soldiers against overwhelming odds are nothing new. For generations, moviegoers have been treated to cinematic recreations as well as new scenarios of fighting units in combat. Usually these films follow a typical formula that includes the tough and gritty commanding officer, the naive new soldier, the one with a woman and children waiting at home, and one who has difficulties with combat. In the new movie Battle: Los Angeles a new twist is given to the formulaic troops-in-combat picture which produces a mixed bag of results.Aaron Eckhart stars as Staff Sgt. Michael Nantz; a 20 year Marine who, after losing men on a recent mission, has decided that it is time for him to leave and has filed his retirement paperwork from the corps. While completing a training exercise, Nantz and a squadron of Marines at Camp Pendleton are activated for what they are told is an evacuation mission in order to clear Santa Monica and other area residents from a swarm of meteors which are scheduled to hit just off the coast.Nantz is assigned to a new commanding officer who, like the men in his unit, is wary of Nantz as many believe that he got his men killed in his last assignment. Despite the misgivings of the new lieutenant, he agrees that Nantz offers a wealth of experience and should be just fine for a simple evacuation assignment.However during the mission briefing, the Marines are informed that the meteors that are hitting off the coast of major cities around the world contain metallic centers and that this is very likely an invasion from an unknown force. While the Marines are deploying an otherworldly fighting unit emerges destroying everything in their path as they moved inland from the coast line. Unsure what they are dealing with, the military decides to carpet bomb the city in order to contain the alien threat and give Nantz and his unit three hours to enter the combat zone and evacuate civilians from a police station.While the movie is for the most part the standard soldiers-at-war film which substitute's aliens for the usual enemy forces, the strength of the cast and the solid action and special effects help the movie overcome many of its shortcomings. There is little character development in the film and scenarios that were introduced in some of the characters' back stories early in the film were given little to no chance to develop once the shooting started.I also had an issue with some of the tactics in the film. While it may seem nitpicking there were a few scenes where the soldiers didn't follow logical courses of engagement until later in the film. I have had only the most basic of combat instruction from my brief time in the Air Force, yet I can think of at least four scenarios in the film where the unit failed to use the most logical options available in their combat situation. Of course any film dealing with an alien invasion is sure to have plot holes and yes I can quibble about the Air Force waiting three hours to bomb a heavily overrun area when containment would have been priority one in not allowing a hostile force that much time to entrench itself.That being said it was an interesting and entertaining film. The enemy was sufficiently mysterious and dangerous enough to hold my interest and had me rooting desperately for the troops to rise up and strike back at the enemy. Michelle Rodriguez does fine supporting work in the role of an Air Force Tech Sgt. who may have the key to turning the tide of the battle. Eckhart is solid as the gruff but caring staff sergeant is equally strong and his unit of young corporals, including R&B singer Ne-Yo, are believable.Director Jonathan Liebesman knows the core intention of this film is and in doing so provides enough action to keep the audience entertained throughout. despite some issues with pacing and plot. While it doesn't have the epic feel of Independence Day, Battle: Los Angeles is a film that provides enough entertainment to make it one of the better alien invasion films ever made and one that I certainly would not mind seeing revisited in a future sequel.3.5 stars out of 5
평점: 4	리뷰: Well i hope all of you are ready for one hell of an alien packed year. Ever since the release of "District 9" two years ago, almost every studio was looking for the next 'Alien Invasion' type flick. Well, that and the fact that every single movie about aliens invading seems to near triple it's budget. But this is the first of many alien type films to be released this year. Hopefully it starts with a bang.Well, since i already mentioned this movie, lets go ahead and use "District 9" as an example. You know how that movie had tons of character development and created such an elaborate plot......well, it's almost as if this movie took that idea, and did the exact opposite. For starters, the plot is just plain terrible. They never really fully establish why the aliens are here, or where they came from. Throughout the movie, they just give you little half cooked theories that come across TV screens as the main characters run through ruined city streets. I'm sorry, but when dealing with creatures from outer space, you kind of need that attention to detail. You can't just ride on the idea that 'They are from outer space, enough said'. "Skyline" did the same exact approach, and look how terrible that turned out. As an audience, we loved to be overwhelmed with information and concepts about alien species.......hell, thats why everyone goes to see em'.Another bad aspect of this film is the character development and dialog. Honestly, about 90 minutes into this picture, i came to realization that i still did not know any of the characters names, nor did i really want to, because each character produced zero stage presence. And i blame that not only on the cheesy cliché' filled dialog, but the producers and the directors for not realizing that they just read a script that zero character substance.But the worst portion of this film, is hands down the shaky camera work. I really have never complained about this until now. I like the hand-held aspect, i really do. But from beginning to end, there was not one still frame in the entire movie. Even when it was just two people talking in a quiet room, the camera moved around like a drunken Irishman was controlling it. Seriously, "The Blair Witch Project" had more still framed shots than this. You would figure a 100 million dollar movie would have a couple of tripods lying around. But what made this aspect really bad, was the fact that you never really got a clear view of the aliens. I mean, they even cut one up into pieces to find it's weak spot, and you still don't even know what they look like. I got a better view of the aliens at the end of "Close Encounters", and they are only in the movie for about 5 minutes. This movie is almost 2 hours long, and i can't even really tell you what they looked like.Bottom Line, the only thing i can give this movie a compliment on is the action. Which is just okay if you ask me. Everything else stinks to high heaven. It's just an empty alien invasion movie. Even if you go in with the mentality that it's like "Cloverfield".....you know, the fact that you only know as much as the main characters. You'll still leave pretty disappointed.
평점: 6	리뷰: A movie for the "Call of Duty" generation where the sound and special effects take the center stage while drama and emotions take the back stage. So it is quite okay to assume that the story and all the other associated aspects will play a minimal role. With that in mind this movie is a great spectacle! Though at times it is like an assault on the ears and the eyes.The movie makes it clear right from the start that it is not going to be the one that feeds with the answers for the happenings in the story. And also with the constant comings and goings of different characters it is also evident that the story-writer and the director never had the intention to develop their characters nor was there space to include a lot of cliché sequences.Performance-wise Aaron Eckart has put in a decent effort. The rest are all the usual characters that can be seen in several of the other movies of the same genre. What makes this movie different is that the humans are capable to hold on to the invasion and the aliens are not all that powerful but they are smart in some ways.With this movie there will be two factions that will come up. One who will be hardcore fans this movie and the old-schoolers who will rant endlessly about the lack of a solid script, stupid characters and below average special effects. Yes am talking about none other than the greatest critic alive on this earth now...Mr Roger Ebert. Mr. Ebert you are a guy who used to write scripts for semi-snuff films for Russ Meyer. And of all the people you complain about a stupid story for such a movie. Old man if you cannot handle all the noise and mayhem on the screen better sit back at your place and please do some thumb-sucking! Period!OK now this does not mean that I belong to the former group that I mentioned in the previous para. I am creating a new platform between the two distinctions. I stand on neutral grounds. I enjoyed the movie for what it was and I loathed the movie for the lack of emotional quotient which could have raised the stakes for this one.All in all ...a decent flick where you go in leaving behind everything...your brain, your heart and head outside the cinemas. Just take in our eyes and your ears.It is a "Call of Duty" game without a controller to hold in you hand!PS: About the Ebert blast. That is my own personal one-sided vendetta.
평점: 6	리뷰: Wendy Murphy: "Oh, Honey, ever since you were a little baby, I knew... you would save the world from an alien invasion." Monsters vs. Aliens(2009) It's the first time I have witnessed a vehicle going 6 miles on LA's Expressway 10 in less than 2 hours. Of course, it's in a Humvee that crushes stopped cars, but then this is sci-fi and the movie is Battle: Los Angeles, a fusion of Terminator, Transformer, and Blackhawk Down in the video-game mode where the enemy is just dense enough to be in your line of sight most of the time.Aliens are invading earth, it seems, for its resources, most notably its water supply. Aaron Eckhart is SSgt. Michael Nantz of a new Marine platoon fighting aliens, who for some inexplicable reason want LA, which is the last of earth's great cities to fall. Nantz gets a chance to prove he's not the coward legend has him to be for losing men in a previous conflict, and the rest of his platoon, diverse for sure, get too-brief moments to show their humanity. It's all pretty standard stuff for war and sci-fi.The action is relentless, mostly guns and grenades deployed around corners and inside buildings as in Blackhawk Down. The alien warriors have a Transformer look: awkward Erector-Set bodies vulnerable despite their menacing look. Their mother ship is a hodgepodge of sharp angles and gangly protrusions, more like the work of a mad inventor than the ship that brought them from multiple light years away.Although it may seem to be boilerplate sci-fi, it does suggest our own rapacious activities with underdeveloped, resource-rich emerging nations and our fear of home-grown aliens. But I'm stretching it—Battle: Los Angeles is for geeks and video fanatics. Lamentably, even after the attack, which destroys most cars in the city, the freeways are still clogged.
평점: 2	리뷰: i watched Battle: Los Angeles today with my friends.i found it very boring and irritating.how could any one make a movie which is flawed in every way.There is no storyline,no screenplay and disturbed way of cinematography.From the beginning to the end,there is only gun firing and dialogs which are useless in every sense.i almost slept in between the movie. "independence day"was much more better than this futile creation. we wonder why these aliens destroying the cities and killing the people.We wont be able to know the character's name because of the screaming.Director Jonathan Liebesman made a huge mistake by making this crappy movie.so people stay out of this movie..go and watch it in theaters only u are mentally retarded...
평점: 10	리뷰: film of the year for me so far, independence day, district 9, skyline, black hawk down and some others all collide, amazing effects and a moderate storyline, needs a sequel, the only problem with the film is that it still seems slightly original and doesn't really expand on that, still, its a fantastic to watch, cant wait until September when the DVD and blu ray comes out. a lot of people were in and seemed happy with it, and why not? this film is dazzling in sound and visuals and the aliens look cool, the ships too are fantastic, the chemistry is amazing between the cast and seems realistic, with a bit of humour. overall i don't care about what magazines and newspapers and some sites, this film deserves more credit.
평점: 1	리뷰: I love action movies and really look forward to watching a good sci-fi flick every time. The trailers really boasted what seemed to be a worthy watch. So I went to the theatre with an open mind, expecting nothing more than dumb action, FX and gun shooting. What I found was so bad that it qualifies as one of the worst movies that I'll never see again. The classic yankee clichés are there... truly sickening at times. The Sergeant's backstory about having lost soldiers under his command... The resentful brother of one of the killed soldiers being in the same group... The discovering of gunpowder when they figure out that the big alien command ship is the key to winning the battle... The "we're communicating everyone on how to beat the aliens as we speak..." (saw that in Independence Day already). The Sergeant reciting his lost soldiers ID numbers (Sgt. Brockovich?), which made me laugh because of the corniness of it all. Apart of all this, the way they discover how to kill the aliens was just straight up laughable... I don't know if they found his weak spot or if the alien just died of the torture of having the Sergeant stabbing away at him. No intention of being mean with Eckhart, but his role is so weak that it's just hard to take him serious from now on. People, specially young men, others, not me, tend to justify action flicks by saying that you shouldn't expect more out of them... the thing is, when you drop your demands so much you're very liable to get movies like these, just full of nonsense and absolutely forgettable. Why was Michelle Rodriguez cast? Did she add to the plot in any way? This is more a US Marines drafting flick than a movie....
평점: 8	리뷰: YEAR 2011 CREATURES OF OUTSIDE THE EARTH ATTACK HUMAN KIND FOR WATER.ARMY WAS GIVEN A MISSION TO SURVIVE THE LIFE OF PEOPLE LIVING IN AFFECTED AREA.THE STORY SEEMS COMMON AS EVERY 5th MOVIE OF Hollywood BUT YET VERY INTERESTING.IMDb LISTED HOTTEST WOMEN NO. 'Michelle Rodriguez' AND 'Aaron Eckhart' ACTED STRONGLY.OVERALL A STRONG MOVIE WITH WEAK CASTING.MUST WATCH MOVIE FOR 'Sci-Fi' LOVERS. talent with camera was little bit sure.very much moving screen while watching the movie. but overall enjoyed it.I hope the movie will do a good business in India during march because there is no other noticeable Hindi bollywood movie is going to release this month.I think the school students should watch this great movie to improve their imagination power. People over 35 will not like this movie that much as Indian audiences are used to watch the movies which involves no. of love stories.
평점: 7	리뷰: Battle: Los Angeles is a cross between Cloverfield (hand-held camera) and Independence Day (aliens landing on earth). It stars Aaron Eckhart as Staff Seargant Michael Nantz who having lost his platoon on a previous assignment files paperwork to leave active service for a while, but a call that meteors are landing all around the globe, which turns out to be aliens throws him back into the mix. The aliens want to eradicate the human colony for the resources of water, which helps in some way (it's never properly explained) to power their ships and mechanical bodies. Nantz becomes part of a new platoon who includes second lieutenant William Martinez (Ramon Rodrigeuz), Cpl. Jason Lockett (Cory Hardict), Cpl. Nick Stavrou (Gino Anthony Pesci), Cpl. Kevin Harris (Ne-yo surprisingly, whom I didn't even recognise until his name flashed up on the credits!) and TSgt Elena Santos (Michelle Rodriguez). They go to rescue any civilians in Santa Monica who are trapped in a police station and escort them out where also they find where the command module of the aliens ships that controls everything is and try to destroy it.That's it really, and what is part of my criticism the story is very basic with no real twists, which also does contain some plot holes. Also there is no characterisation for any of the main characters who are as thin as cardboard, the film follows the usual formulaic structure with every stereotype you could imagine with the types of characters involved like "the new guy who wants to impress," and "the guy put in charge of a new platoon after losing his old one" etc. The script as well is truly dreadful, with all the clichés and cheesiness you could expect. But the thing is I was expecting this as this is your typical "America saves the world" trashy film.I also expected other things that would be positive for this movie and it delivered. The action was exciting and well choreographed, (the best action sequence being on a freeway whilst the platoon try to save the civilians), there was enough suspense and tension throughout added by the great music and general pace of the film, the special effects of the aliens and their ships was impressive, the acting was surprisingly good even with the awful script. Aaron Erckart convinced as a marine leader with Michelle Rodriguez and Cory Hardict delivering solid supporting performances. The biggest strength I would say though is that it was excellently shot and edited. The hand-held camera added to the authenticity of the situation and never was too shaky, though there were a few scenes where it was hard to make sense of what was happening, but generally it was perfect. Not everyone will like this film, those expecting anything then what I resembled of a decent script and story will be sorely disappointed and even the hand-held camera as pointed out by certain reviewers on here will irritate some people who may complain it's hard to see anything and that would be right in some respects. Battle: Los Angeles wasn't perfect with a story we've all seen so many times before, but if your looking for good action, special effects and reasonable acting, it does deliver. For me I would normally have given this film a five or six out of ten, but the acting and camera-work was a bonus and enough to tip it into a seven. Also there were more positives for this movie than negatives, which worked in the film's favour. Enjoyable action adventure that delivers solidly. A great effort.
평점: 5	리뷰: I love my share of summer popcorn blockbusters...I really do. I mean, half of the time, I go more for the special effects and explosions more than character development and acting. But hey, if the film adds those two in, you get amazing films like the new Star Trek and Cloverfield.But that's not what you get with Battle: Los Angeles. You don't even get a summer blockbuster. Instead you get a ridiculous plot, stale acting, and not even a really interesting war film.I understand what the director wanted to do. He wanted to make a film of what it would really be like if aliens were to invade earth using a more military warfare theme than science fiction. The aliens put all their technology into traveling light years to get to earth and no so much their weapons. When they arrive, they are firing ballistic weapons much like the humans are. they don't have some advanced defense system either. They just seem to human to have gotten here in the first place.And then you have our guys, a group of military folks, who spend a good amount of the movie vaguely revealing their story line, but never to the point where you actually care about them. Expecting dad here, mourning brother there, but no one that is beyond the caricature. This group spends a good majority of the film trying to get to a group of civilians and get them to safety...and that's about it. Sure, the scenery changes a bit and you get to see the scope of the damage, but after a while, burning cities and dead bodies get old. And because there is no vested interest in the characters themselves, it's really waiting around for everyone to die or for the humans to find some way to best this "advanced" race of species.Battle: Los Angeles benefits from a truly amazing trailer. Kind of like the teaser for Skyline. Great trailer, horrible film.
평점: 8	리뷰: Watched 'Battle: Los Angeles' earlier today and enjoyed the film. The film has been given the tag "'Independence Day' meets 'Black Hawk Down'". Actually, I would describe it as... "These are the bits you didn't see in the film 'Signs'"(difference in water plot aside). OK, bad bits out the way. There is cheesy dialogue in parts and yes, sometimes you think you may be watching a US Marines recruitment video especially as the air-force, coastguard, army, and the rest of the world are unable to effectively strike back at the enemy. And OK yes, you know what is going to happen in the end (but I was routing for that anyway). And OK,I was racking my brain for the first 20 minutes before I realised that 2nd Lieutenant Martinez (Ramon Rodriguez) was that annoying person from Transformers: Revenge of the Fallen. Good bits, it is a fantastic roller coaster ride of action from start to finish and there is enough character building (ok, not a great deal... but enough) to make you care what happens to some of these characters. I also liked the film's premise of how we would respond to the early days of an 'alien' invasion (not very well). There are also obvious parallels drawn on the recent conflicts in Iraq and Afghanistan, which I liked, especially with the street fighting sequences which are well executed. Aaron Eckhart is a fine actor and puts in a solid performance as a battle scarred Staff Sergeant who quite frankly has had enough of the military before all this happens. The film pulsates along at a blistering pace which keeps you hooked to the end. All-in-all, the film did not disappoint and deserves a positive status in the sci-fi film universe.
평점: 5	리뷰: just saw the movie WORLD INVASION, BATTLE L.A. it was an average movie. watchable but not worth the hype though with all the buzz created by the movie trailers. its a mix bag movie. SIGNS MEETS HURTLOCKER MEETS INDEPENDENCE DAY MEETS WAR OF THE WORLDS. the casting also left a lot to be desired. ECKHART was a waste and no other cast member is worth mentioning about. screenplay was slow in the first half while the 2nd half picked up with a few nice action scenes. barely any info was given about the alien invasion and about the aliens origination. overall i rate i 5 but it had potential to be an 8. the script was weak and this was the movie's major downfall.
평점: 7	리뷰: "Battle: Los Angeles" is the latest addition to one of the oldest stories in science fiction: the alien invasion story. While most movies tend to treat alien invasion movies as disaster films, like "Independence Day", or survivalist films, like "War of the Worlds", "Battle: Los Angeles" treats alien invasions like actual invasions; that is to say, it's a war movie. This is both a good and a bad thing.It's good because, hey, if you're going for "realism", which all movies seem to want to do these days, there's no other way to handle an alien invasion. You break out the military in full force, and you focus on the fighting. Maybe, if you want to appease the sci-fi fans as well as the average moviegoer, you include some discoveries and theories about the aliens, which "Battle" does. It has a good premise: a worldwide war that focuses on one battle so that it doesn't knock itself, or the viewers, out trying to cover the entire invasion of Earth. It focuses on the marines and their efforts to evacuate civilians from the combat zone while only occasionally touching on the aliens and their technology/motives so as not to  um  alienate the general audience.It's also bad, because, while working in the obvious tropes about alien invasion, such as the superior technology, extraterrestrial biology, and overwhelming military force, it also works in quite a few war movie tropes at the same time. There's Aaron Eckhart's ("The Dark Knight", "Paycheck") character, Staff Sergeant Nantz, who's retiring from the Marines the very morning of the invasion. Ramon Rodriguez ("Transformers: Revenge of the Fallen") plays the young lieutenant fresh out of officer training who, despite outranking the older sergeant, still needs Nantz's guidance in leading the men (oh, and his wife's pregnant). There's even Noel Fisher, who's starring in the upcoming "Twilight: Breaking Dawn", playing a very young private who is constantly freaked out by everything that happens.It's not that they play these roles poorly; it's just that this movie doesn't really have anything new to offer. It's refreshing to see an alien movie that doesn't exploit an incredibly lame weakness (minor spoiler: they do need to exploit a weakness); but every trope, from both types of movie, teeters on the edge of being a cliché. And there are only so many clichés you can take in one movie, especially a "serious" one.I liked the movie; didn't love it, but I liked it. Aaron Eckhart almost never disappoints, and he did a good job in this movie. The interspersed moments of exposition, such as "experts" on TV discussing the aliens' actions, weren't the best, but they did make it a bit more believable. And there were some genuinely touching moments with the civilians they were sent to rescue. In the end, it goes for the trope, not the cliché, and it generally hits the mark.(Originally appeared at http://fourthdayuniverse.com/reports)
평점: 7	리뷰: As war movies go, ho-hum. Saving Private Ryan set a good example of how a war movie should look like, and still directors don't achieve that level, even if they are inspired by it. I can't quite figure out what's holding them back. It does work.But as alien invasion movies go, it's the most "grounded." You won't find any brain-sucking aliens in this movie, or U.S. presidents in fighter jets, or Microsoft viruses infecting the alien mothership, or aliens suddenly catching the flu and dying off soon after the attack. Because what I mean by being very "grounded" is the opposite extreme. It's not a movie about aliens, it's a movie about Marines at war, and while they are fighting aliens, there is nothing particularly "alien" about them when it comes to battle -- they're just tougher to kill. Therein lies the reality-flaw: aliens able to travel from another star (presumably) and swarm our planet shouldn't be using ballistic firearms, they'd be using something a lot more deadly and advanced. Gas? Lasers? Chemical / viral drops? And even if they went ballistic, the shells ought to at least be armor-piercing and heat-sinking. While the alien machinery was tough to beat, it wasn't impossible, and it didn't seem to possess technology that was in advance of ours. In fact, they didn't even seem to have gravity control, but rather their ships flew rocket- style. That's just so 50's, isn't it?There are many complaints about the shaky hand-cam effect in Battle: Los Angeles. Really? NOW everyone's complaining, after a hundred jiggling action movies in the last 10 years that have driven me to CVS upon leaving the theater? Even as a shaky-cam movie, it wasn't nearly as hard to watch as just a few minutes a Michael Bay movie. It's like all the cameramen these days have Parkinson's.And yet despite that I gave it 7 stars out of 10 here, which is pretty high, and I suppose I did that for a couple of reasons. One, it was the most superior alien invasion movie that's been done to date. It divorced itself from the ideas behind Independence Day, War of the Worlds (remake), The Day the Earth Stood Still (remake), and Skyline, and tried to deal out all-out destruction without any over- ambitious science fiction ideas or save-the-earth-from-humans propaganda. I appreciated that, although I wished there was more "Sci-Fi" and less "Marines." Aliens struck a much more satisfying balance between the two, and had better plotting, better pacing, and a cooler foe.Two, while the movie didn't take a lot of time to develop characters, the actors were strong performers that felt tangible and empathetic. I felt I was there with them, and that's where a lot of genre movies fail. They felt more like real people than actors playing people from a memorized script.But as a science fiction movie about alien visitation (not necessarily war), it's way, way down on the interest list. District 9 was much more compelling.
평점: 4	리뷰: Poor character development and a worn out storyline make this a very forgettable film. I really didn't care who or when the next death would be. I probably wouldn't mind as much if at least one of the characters had been an annoying ass but it seems everyone was a hero, which ends up making nobody the hero.I had no sense of dread from the alien invaders. In fact, if they had changed the aliens to an invading human army I think the film would have worked better. For all the special effects, the aliens might have well been cardboard cut-outs. It wouldn't have made them less interesting.I came away from the cinema feeling like i had just watched a rather long advert for the marine enlistment division.
평점: 1	리뷰: I knew it. I just knew it. Before I decided to go to the cinema and see this latest 'blockbuster' bucket of Hollywood dung, I knew that it would be exactly that. Memories of previous disaster movie bad choices - Independence Day, The Day After, 2012, War of the Worlds (Cruise version) - should have been enough to keep me at home. But no. I had to make sure. If nothing else, I suppose it shows that I retain some small hope of being pleasantly surprised... of finding something to match the excellent District 9, Aliens, Starship Troopers, Cloverfield, War of the Worlds (original) - even Skyline, at a pinch. I really should have learnt by now, though:- Hollywood Blockbuster = waste of ticket money.What can I say that hasn't already been said? Empty characterisation, humongous plot holes, risible script with the usual 'gung-ho' Marine clichés, nausea-inducing hand-held camera jerkiness all the way through... and the predictable overdose of apocalyptic CGI slash-and-burn that we've seen over and over and over again so many times that it no longer inspires anything except yawns.This is CGI action-fodder for the computer game generation. Don't make the same mistake I did. Spend the money on a take-out and stay indoors with a DVD instead.
평점: 8	리뷰: I really enjoyed this film and you could to provided you go in it knowing what to expect.Its a Big budget Alien flick, so Action is going to be there, Lots of explosions, lots of characters (Living to die later) and some cheesy tacked on story. its what we've seen in Skyline, District 9 and independence day hell even clover field. I went in knowing this was a CGi flick that would have a flimsy story and Tons of action, and i was not disappointed. Anyways back to the movie.*********PLOT info (just the start!) ************ So it starts out with a Bang the marines are in a Chinook on their way to fight for L.A. the movie then cuts to 24hours hours before to introduce you to the cast. You have your token military characters here. A rookie lieutenant, another commanding officer with a bad military past (lost some men in the middle east and the marines. One about to get married, one who's brother was killed (in the command of the previously mentioned Commanding officer) and others (seriously who cares!) Anyways, plot goes that all of a sudden meteorites appear to be on their merry way to our beloved planet. Every shrugs them off as insignificant until they change their trajectory. Now they start on course to crash near the shorelines of major Cities. The military is mobilized, evacuation orders are issued and something strange happens,As they enter the atmosphere they start slowing down then land in the oceans. They then proceed to start attacking civilians who stayed to watch the (perceived harmless) fireworks... The shot then resumes from where it left off as marines go in to evacuate the remaining civilians before an air-strike order is carried out, One that the military hope will wipe of the enemy. I will stop with the plot here but it does take some interesting turns (but you will see them coming)*************I thought the story was pretty nice, it held the movie together nicely bringing sense to all the mayhem ( i kinda likened it to District 9: 2 - revenge of the aliens! lol. because the aliens do share some similarity to the ones we saw in D9) The camera work i thought as a nice effect but this is subjective, if you disliked Clover-field, you will not like this! and vice versa. It kept me at full attention following the action closely.So yeah, my first Movie review on this site and probably my last, I just think its unfair that people go in expecting some Deep and complex story from what was portrayed as a CGi flick. there is little character progression because there are a lot of characters! its not a love movies with 3 or 4 people, this is invasion from the perspective of some grunt trying to survive, What do they care whether you went fishing with your dad when you were 10 lol Anyways, if you liked transformers (CGi effects) , district 9 (the aliens), 2012 (the destruction aspect) and clover-field (the camera work) then enjoy!
평점: 6	리뷰: Let me start out with what I liked so this isn't lopsided. The fight scenes were the biggest plus of this movie and I'm not the kind of guy who needs nonstop action. The aliens and alien technology we're pretty damn cool especially the flying drones which seemed to be the alien version of a muscle car. Unfortunately in between all the scenes I liked we're incredibly overacted dramatically sappy ones. In fact during the last 1/3 of the movie there was what felt like an excruciatingly long scene (prolly 5 minutes in reality) which dragged out it's attempt to tug at your heart strings. It didn't work, I found myself thinking about lunch and washing my car. I've never seen a movie before which brought me to such a high then dumped me in the toilet. Tone down those scenes, add in some more aliens and this would have been an 8 or 9 out of 10. I was actually sitting there amazed that some film executive didn't laugh at the corniness in the edit room or test screening and make some changes. I know I'm on the verge of beating a dead horse but the audience was filled mainly with young to middle aged sci-fi fans and you could feel the collective air of excitement being let out each time this happened. No matter who wins the battle, everyone who pays to see this will feel like they lost the war.
평점: 4	리뷰: This review need only be short -- the reviews are right: they are panning Battle LA because it doesn't deliver on any aspect. The trailers are impressive and it seemed to be a potential new high mark for digital sci- fi end of the world, war movies, but B-LA is just bla-h. Now I've seen the movie and it's dreadful.It's boring to start and little confusing for most of the first hour! Good grief. The characters are unremarkable and each scene is a mess -- you could see what the director was trying to do, but the shaky-cam photography was painful and distracting.The characters were not taking shape and the plot never made an appearance -- there is no plot to spoil, so all I can do is avoid describing the details of how this movie misses. The lead male was meant to be the battle-hardened, thinking Marine and leader, but the actor delivers a "friendly teacher helps out the rag tag school kids" character. I think the lead female was there and looked the part and flubbed a few lines, but I think I could see the actor itching to contribute a real part, not just split second flashes in front of the camera to conveniently solve plot problems that cropped up all the way down the line.Sitting in a not-so crowded theater of mouth-breathing popcorn disposal units, you're checking your watch thinking "there goes another full minute of a close-up of sweat on a dirty face" ... but still, no story, no real action, just the looming suggestion that things are about to get serious.The computer graphics are unimpressive, the sound effects are separate and unrealistic, the movie just never gets going. Incredible for an action sci-fi movie that is surely 95% digital, but it's just boring. As I try to assemble the story, piece by piece, I think the failure began in the script and was unrecoverable. The sets were empty, silent and dry -- and a distraction like a low budget flick that can't afford swarms of extras to really create the scenes of chaos. And seeing dead bodies strewn across an open area with a convenient path just wide enough to drive through ... it was as if someone had left a big "X" with gaffer tape for the camera to pick up. Too many distractions to take you out of the movie.The leading male and the leading female both delivered a few seconds of reality, here and there, but woeful photography and feeble direction made this one a disaster movie.
평점: 10	리뷰: This movie is a prime example of good CGI effects and a great cast of soldier made actors. If you are a person who loves epic explosions, pulse pounding firefights and cool looking aliens, then Battle Los Angeles is the movie for you. It shoves action in your face faster then the breaths going into your body and boy does that action look really nice. I really have to give a hand to the Special Effects team because they did a tremendous job with the pretty low budget for this kind of movie. The explosions look so real and the sounds are pulse pounding and crisp. Yeah there's a presence of shaky cam but if you get past that, there's SO much more to it. Acting wise, its surprising good from what i saw. I was going into this movie expecting average acting but there were several emotion and tear jerking moments in which the actors provided tons of emotion and i could help but tear up at a very sad death of one of the characters near the end. Overall, this movie knows what is and delivers for the fans. It was a lot better then what i expected and blew me away. P.S. If you are expecting an Oscar worthing movie, this is not your kind of movie. I hate people like that, with over the top expectations, they go into this kind of movie and bash it for its faults when the movie was not meant for that kind of over-analytical fan. Its a Sci-Fi Action Blockbuster that plays its expected job VERY well IMO and expecting a perfect movie is just not intelligent.
평점: 7	리뷰: I've seen a lot of war movies and this was really interesting. It takes the tone of war movies like Black Hawk Down and really mixes it up with Sci-Fi replacing terrorists with aliens. Walking into this movie I only expected two things. Epicness and explosions and boy did it deliver. Once the s%@t hits the fan the action hardly stops until the very end. The film has a simple premise of aliens from another world invading earth for its resources and we have to fight them off. The action in the film is very constant after the first 20 or so minutes and the action itself really takes you to the edge of your seats but if the filmmakers could've took it down a notch with the shaky cam I would've been more satisfied. The shaky-cam in the film at some points left me feeling nauseous. Nevertheless I was quite happy with what we got. The actors in the film really did their part playing various U.S Marines. Aaron Eckhart was my favorite of the bunch though. He always was one of my favorite actors and played his part as Staff Sergeant well. The special effects were great. Almost looked like it was all shot for real with the shaky-cam. The aliens' design reminded me of the some of the enemies you face in the video game Half-Life. All in all I loved the special and visual effects in the film.The movie made me cringe, made me feel emotional at some points, and left me at awe. In the end the movie was exactly what I expected a fun Sci-fi war movie. While not the best Sci-fi movie I've seen it's certainly one of the most entertaining and intense ones yet.GOOD:great effects terrific action and pacing great performancesBad: Thin storyline a little too much Shaky-cam7.5/10 Overall 7.5/10
평점: 10	리뷰: I see a lot of people hating on this movie, I just got out of seeing it, and I must say this movie is great, not gonna talk too much about what happened, but people are wrong to hate on this movie, in my opinion, the Aliens were very well done, and the idea was very interesting, and made a lot of sense, probably some of the best trained actors military wise i've ever seen in a movie, I have a lot of military friends, and they would agree they did a good job with this, the story is outstanding, and the idea will leave you wondering, could this really happen? If you like Sci- Fi movies, and don't get scared too easily, I recommend you see this, it's a good movie, done very well, absolutely spectacular.
평점: 10	리뷰: As a former Marine I found this movie to be very touching. During the first few minutes of watching I was about to walk out of the theater because hand-held POV style camera work really isn't interesting to me but I decided to sit through the movie and am glad I did.The entire time I was watching the film I was thinking about the underlying theme and decided that the movie is a great portrayal of the daily life of our armed forces, but closer to home.The men and women who fight for our country deserve our respect because they might not be fighting aliens but what they have to go through is not that far off.
평점: 8	리뷰: Over the years there have been countless movies about alien invasion from Men in Black to Independence day, Starship Troopers and War of the world, District 9, The day the Earth Stood Still, Signs etc...All those movies were great but lacked a little something. Whether it be a solid script/storyline, good acting, poor CG etc.Battle L.A. combines all of the above to create an exceptional Alien Invasion movie. The Acting is great, the CG is fantastic, the Script is strong (there are a few lines which didn't fit) and storyline intriguing.Some may say that the movie glorifies the Marine corp, but it is that aspect which makes the movie so captivating. The spirit of the marine corps adds to the emotion of it all. It makes the viewer feel immersed into the film even more. Some may say it is a recruitment attempt but hey its the Marines... They are a fascinating group. Whether it be following Master Chief around in Halo or SSgt Nantz around in L.A. it makes for a truly entertaining ride! From the helicopter ride in to the epic street battles, the movie does and excellent job at providing entertainment! Overall I have to say The movie does an excellent job at immersing the viewer into the chaos of this alien led invasion of L.A.. If you are looking for something which is realistic and informative then obviously this movie is not what you are aiming for, but if you are looking for an intriguing mind blowing action adventure then I highly recommend it! It definitely leaves one thinking, what would happen if something like this actually occurred.
평점: 8	리뷰: I won't comment on the CGI of this movie. Having good CGI these days is like being a kid with a Gameboy at the playground - everyone has one.As for the plot, it probably got lost in translation, while the writer was trying to decide whether to make this movie about an alien invasion, a story of bonding between marines, a story of human suffering at the hands of adversity or all of the above, but each of the subjects done half-ass'ed.Every single piece of character dialogue in this movie is painful to listen to, it's like taking every dramatic line ever written in a movie and taping it together in this one. Actors try to make us feel sympathy for characters which have no character, i.e: "You're the army guy who got my brother killed, so I'm gonna comment all movie long about how you gonna get us killed too, until the end when you do a dramatic speech to me and I decide to be friends." Awww...Aliens are ridiculous, they can space travel but they use projectile ammunition weapons, almost no sort of explosives, and they have thousands of air support units but it takes one like 5 minutes between shots to fire again.In the end, 7 marines overcome thousands of aliens by destroying the mothership with a laser painted target missile barrage, almost Independence Day style.I wanted to scream out "Oh FOR THE LOVE OF GOD" every 5 minutes or so of the movie, but didn't in respect for the other viewers and endured 2 hours of this cinematic tragedy.
평점: 1	리뷰: Movie is not that worth watching..... The major backdrop is there is no story line up. Direction is awful. every one praised for VFX. but VFX sequences were normal. it looks like a common fiction Hollywood film. Casting is good. Movie is not that worth watching..... The major backdrop is there is no story line up. Direction is awful. every one praised for VFX. but VFX sequences were normal. it looks like a common fiction Hollywood film. Casting is good.Movie is not that worth watching..... The major backdrop is there is no story line up. Direction is awful. every one praised for VFX. but VFX sequences were normal. it looks like a common fiction Hollywood film. Casting is good.
평점: 8	리뷰: This is a summer movie. It's about guns, explosion, very little plot but it doesn't need a big plot. Very simple, Aliens with attitude comes to earth and we fight them. The movie just follows one platoon as they fight the invasion force in LA.First let me say, you may need a little Dramamine for this movie because the camera jumps around a lot. It is as if there is an embedded journalist with them. But the cool thing about this movie is the sound. It has such an amazing sound to it and its nice to be in a theater where you can listen to how cool this movie is. The battle scenes are fantastic and it's kind a very nice simple movie. I really like the special effects, I thought they did an excellent job making things look real as if this was taking place in LA. The alien don't look too fake and that is important.So just go to the movie and watch the bullets fly and the explosions and enjoy the popcorn. Totally worth going to the movies to see.
평점: 7	리뷰: Complaints from critics that this is a summer popcorn flick are stupid because, well, who cares? Great script? No. Great acting? Not especially. Great special effects? YesLots of shooting and killing of invading aliens? Definitely!!I have to agree with the critics of the shaky cam, video game style, though. That doesn't usually bother me but this one was pretty bad - a few scenes are pretty much unwatchable. Made my wife physically ill. Did I mention the cool killing of aliens and blasting the alien invasion force?Pretty cool.
평점: 4	리뷰: The grittier and slightly more realistic alien invasion film "Battle: Los Angeles" poses and addresses the intriguing question of how the military would respond in the event of a full-on attack at the hands of an unknown enemy. The answer? Clichés; tons of them. Round up the troops, grab whatever clichés you can find so we can get the hell out of this cliché, and under absolutely no circumstances should you leave a cliché behind — unless it's for the greater cliché. Whatever hand-held camera prowess director Jonathan Liebesman has is almost entirely drowned out in these and other unfortunate scripting choices. The film's exceptional marketing led many to make early claims of "the 'Black Hawk Down' of alien invasion films," but "Battle: Los Angeles" is not the intriguing possibility of an alien invasion film from a military perspective; it's a military film in which aliens grace us with their presence. I get that the military won't lend its assistance to films that portray it in a negative light, but "Battle" borders on propaganda in many instances. The overarching theme of the film can be described as nothing other than "the military will fight for us, sacrifice for us and never give up, even in the face of probable oblivion." Without question, "Battle: Los Angeles" would've been a runaway hit in 1950.Any connoisseur of disaster films will tell you the best of the genre make you care about and feel for the characters. Adopt that as a rule of thumb and "Battle: Los Angeles" rates poorly by default. That's not to say writer Christopher Bertolini, whose last script was "The General's Daughter" in 1999, doesn't put emphasis on character backstory, because there's plenty of it, it's just shoddy and overrun with soldier/war clichés (the lieutenant's wife is pregnant, one guys is about to get married, one guy is suffering from PTSD, one guy is getting over the loss of his brother who was killed in the Middle East, one's a young kid who's still a virgin and then there's Staff Sgt. Michael Nantz (Eckhart), who is about to retire and wrestles daily with the demons of the men who died under his command in Afghanistan. If that all sounds novel and touching to you, you have some serious movie renting to do once you get out from that rock. Even Eckhart, who really sells us hard on his leading man ability here, can't overcome the stuff he's forced to say.The invaders (other than making a Predator-like clicking noise) end up being more intriguing than the human characters because the film effectively paints them as mysterious and frightening. Science-fiction fans will quickly lose interest in the trodden war story characters and become much more fascinated with who and what these aliens are and how they operate. In most cases, focus on character development would be applauded, but Bertolini and Liebesman seem to have misjudged how effectively they developed them. There's too much downtime in the action for them to talk to each other, bicker, share their emotions and make poor jokes at each other's expense. Add screen composer Brian Tyler's elongated undertones a la "Platoon" and the scales are tipped toward an embarrassing form of melodrama."Battle: Los Angeles" talks itself into intolerability at times. Like that friend you had in middle school that seemed cool but just wouldn't shut up and thus became irritating despite the best of intentions, every time a character opens his or her mouth in this film, it gets worse. The action pauses much more than necessary and the space gets flooded in with emotional speeches, wisecracks and stuff we're supposed to find touching. All this would be a bit more effective if the magnitude of the situation came entirely across, but despite Liebesman's eye for action shot composition, it never does. The scope stays too narrow on our military friends and the film never develops the sense of life-threatening urgency that makes the disaster genre so effective in general.I've no doubt that if Bertolini spent half the time he took writing things for the characters to say and invested it in creating moments for the characters to interact with each other fundamentally, "Battle: Los Angeles" could've been much better. I'm all for solo scripting duties, but another more experienced writer needed to be on board it seems. Rather than let his characters grow organically, he imposes their backstory upon us, which also becomes painfully more obvious with inexperienced actors of which there are many in the film.From a visual standpoint, "Battle: Los Angeles" commands attention with hard-hitting action and engaging scenarios, but for a film that so clearly appears to follow in the footsteps of some of science fiction's finest films ("War of the Words") and more progressive offerings ("District 9″), it departs so drastically from that pedigree with the military-heavy approach. Science fiction usually serves as a social or political allegory, not a motivational poster for societal values such as courage and determination. Regardless, rubble, carnage and mysterious aliens ought to be enough to get the job done, but they're not.~Steven CVisit my site at http://moviemusereviews.com
평점: 4	리뷰: It is one of the Best of the worst alien movies I ever saw. Probably the -10 rated movie. It is like watching an amateurs handy-cam shoot out of the incidents. The motto of the director of the photography is "Shake the Camera as much as possible". The motto of the Director is "Dont show anything still in the frame". The result is An amateurs handy-cam movie. The background score sucks. It is disgusting to see all the trained marines shout in panic and cry like babies in the movie. There is nothing new in this movie. I strongly recommend not to waste your time and money on this movie. I recommend the director and director of photography to enroll for the basic study in their respective field.
평점: 8	리뷰: Movies like this are not for everyone. Yes the screenplay was totally unoriginal, and yes the plot was nothing. But who really gives a s***? Everyone would know that this isn't a movie that you see to observe story structures. This is a movie to have fun with, to watch great special effects and to be entertained. If you have a problem with movies like this, then don't bother watching it! You won't have to waist your time and you won't have to ruin people's opinions on it who actually enjoyed this movie. If you've already seen it and you hated it completely because of just the plot, then shut the hell up. No one wants to hear another one of your complaints on how dull the script was.That being said, I enjoyed this movie. The effects looked so real that at certain points it felt like I was in the middle of the war. The shaky camera added a great effect to the realism, and it wasn't too shaky either. Sure, there were a few takes that seemed a little too shaky, but it was still easy enough to know where everyone was in relation with each other in a war scene. You would know what each character was doing weather it would be reloading their guns or taking cover behind a rock, and then you would still know where they would be and what angle they would be shooting at. They did a great job choreographing through all of the fight scenes. The sound was unbelievable. It was very loud and very realistic. There were lots of nice "boomy" effects that made the intensity meter go way up.I loved the aliens in this movie. They didn't have too big of a sci-fi look. For one thing, their guns looked like real guns. They had loud banging sounds and real muzzle flares. When you see them firing their guns they don't have green lasers coming out with some weird synthesized zap sound effect. And the flying saucers didn't hover like any of the other saucers would. There's no magnetic pull or force that keeps them hovering. They use jets to keep them flying. It made the aliens seem more real than regular sci-fi aliens would.The music might have been a little bit over done. About 98% of the movie was filled with intense military music. Lots of horns and drums going off and it got a little bit old after a while. They did however did a good job capturing the moments of silence.Overall, this is a satisfying movie. Go see it to have a good time and don't be too critical about its script or its story. The acting was good, the effects were good, the sound, the aliens, and the music were also good. There is, however, only one part that was really unnecessary. Not trying to be too critical about this but the first two or so minutes didn't have to be there. When you see it, you'll understand why. It began almost exactly like Skyline (which was a terrible movie). But other than that, enjoy the rest of the movie!8.5/10
평점: 9	리뷰: I thought the movie was well above average. Some dialogue was corny and you knew what was coming, but was really impressed by special effects/fighting. This movie would be great for anyone who like Black Hawk Down, or District 9. I thought the movie was well above average. Some dialogue was corny and you knew what was coming, but was really impressed by special effects/fighting. This movie would be great for anyone who like Black Hawk Down, or District 9. I thought the movie was well above average. Some dialogue was corny and you knew what was coming, but was really impressed by special effects/fighting. This movie would be great for anyone who like Black Hawk Down, or District 9. I thought the movie was well above average. Some dialogue was corny and you knew what was coming, but was really impressed by special effects/fighting. This movie would be great for anyone who like Black Hawk Down, or District 9. I thought the movie was well above average. Some dialogue was corny and you knew what was coming, but was really impressed by special effects/fighting. This movie would be great for anyone who like Black Hawk Down, or District 9.
평점: 7	리뷰: Going in I had high expectations for this movie. I love war movies and the idea of mixing a war movie with Aliens seemed right. When I walked out of the theater I got exactly what I wanted a full blown action movie and after 3 months of only watching Oscar contenders this is exactly what I wanted to see.I've been reading other reviews about people complaining about not enough character development, storyline not original or acting was terrible I say who cares. This movie is exactly what I thought it would be a movie that keeps you entertained right until the credits roll. Also, the acting was not that bad, nowhere near Oscar quality, but good enough for a big budget action movie. The biggest issue is the dialogue, it is a little cheesy at times and doesn't give the actors much to work with, but I wouldn't say it's every time they open their mouth just some lines in the movie are a little rough.The CG is amazing and the action sequences are very well done. Another complaint I've read about is the shaky camera work, the camera is shaky at times but nothing like Cloverfield or District 9. It might shake for about 15 to 30 seconds and then the shaking would stop. The movie reminded me of Black Hawk Down, Which is one of my all time favorites, I'm not saying it's as good because it's not, but the action sequences and storyline felt very similar only this movie has Aliens. Honestly if you like war movies and don't mind movies with Aliens check it out cause I don't think you will be disappointed.
평점: 2	리뷰: I went into this movie with a pretty high expectation, not going to lie, only because of the very FIRST trailer that I saw a few months ago. Ever since then I really didn't watch the other previews, in fear of them ruining my overall view. So here in my opinion were the pros and cons.Pros: ....Decent-Good Cinematography. If you liked how Cloverfield was shot, you'll love this. Great opening 2-4 minutes, Action scenes good, but not great and not enough.Cons: Awful acting, Terrible dialogue, Predictable (If you've seen war movies, you can guess what happens next), Too many to list here.There was really only one way to save the movie, and that was to have the aliens win for a change. I thought this was the entire concept, apparently someone in production thought otherwise. The another issue was when Aaron Eckhart's character was explaining to another Marine, that he knew all the other Marines he had lost, and after this amazing speech he says, and I quote, "But that doesn't matter." How are you going to have a great speech and ruin it?And the last line of the entire movie is, "We've already had our breakfast." Really?? That's how the movie ends, and the saddest thing, people applauded, I cried a little on the inside. In simple terms:Independence Day - Will Smith - Good Movie + Same concept(of aliens and how to kill/destroy them) = Battle: Los Angeles. If this was on the Sy-fy channel, or however you spell it now, this would have been a good movie.
평점: 9	리뷰: First and foremost....A) District 9 is not Earth vs. Alien. Why? There wasn't hostility that we didn't deserve necessarily. There wasn't war. It was simply us taking in refugee aliens and trying to harvest them for their technology. We're so awful, right?B) Aside from Independence Day ( amazing movie by the way,) there wasn't a movie that really helped the audience feel engaged in a war type movie pertaining to aliens..until now.Skyline was just disgusting. I'm not even going to bring it up.I can see people connecting both of them being easily influenced in this movie.. Obviously we need something to work from.Its not your typical sci-fi thriller. Its a lot more raw. Being a remake and seeing the original, you'll see very similar attributes..but as you can see from the trailer, our technology has come very far.This is a story of survival; pure survival.Its painful and honest, and you will feel every second of it. You'll be terrified from its realism, you'll be crushed by our weaknesses as human beings, but fall in love with our unmatched will to live. You'll sit at the edge of your seat and grow to love and hate every person you meet in this movie, and you'll pray with them. I don't suggest reading a lot of reviews, only because its very hard not to ruin the movie.Its not the best movie ever made, it does display flaws. But this film has come far and coming from the director Jonathan Liebesman ( Chainsaw Massacre,) some movements and camera angles are hard to understand, even stomach. Its fast paced and LOUD.In short: This is a war movie. If you like the style, its completely well worth it.And for people expressing their most sincerest of thoughts about it being cliché: This is Hollywood, get over it. Eventually even independent films and its style will be consumed by them.
평점: 6	리뷰: This film is for anyone who really enjoys a good sci-fi action packed flick. Though it follows the typical cliché elements of any alien invasion movie, Aaron Eckharts performance as a tough military leader boosts the films overall value. The characters are what makes this film above average. Each character brings their own unique qualities to the film, which bring the it some humanism and some relation to the audience. Without the strong core of characters this wouldn't be as memorable a movie. The plot doesn't really fall under anything unique in that it's just 'aliens are unexpectedly invading we have to kill them' Anyone who enjoys action and special effects with a little substance, this is the movie for you
평점: 1	리뷰: The Viral Campaign and Marketing for BLA were more intriguing and enjoyable than the film itself...the historical event that really took place in Los Angeles should have been referenced as well as the eyewitness accounts of what was seen...however the movie diverted its attention to a squad of forgettable marines, a worn-out storyline, non-existent character development, and mashed it with Skyline CGI prowess...Save your money and get it on netflix or rent it when available...6/10 is my rating....
평점: 8	리뷰: If you like Independence day you will like this. I felt like this movie was legit. Some parts were slow but overall it was a good/decent movie. I don't know if it's worth 15$ but definitely 10$.My review needs ten lines. The plot was a good sci-fi plot. the actors were great. I actually jumped in the movie theater. I almost thought my heart couldn't take it.overall, compared to the recent aliens vs humans movies this is pretty solid. The part that wasn't so good would be a spoiler alert which i don't want to give away. But the ending was satisfying for me.hope that helps.
평점: 4	리뷰: What I'm referring to in my title is the simple fact that in M. Night's "Signs" aliens invaded our planet and tried to colonize it but their weakness was water and in this film, it seems to be the exact opposite, fuel. I seriously doubt that it was a slight against M. Night but I found it amusing. That said, I didn't like this movie as much as I really wanted to. I was caught up in the hype, hoping for a good and solid war movie and when it came to the trailers, I gotta say, it was edited perfectly for marketing but also pretty scary. What I mean by that is that in the trailers there's almost no signs of "shaky-cam" implemented in the scenes chosen and yet in the film there were barely any steady shots. It was literally about 5 to 8 minutes worth of those in the entire movie. I understand that during combat scenes those kinds of shots are used to build tension and cause you to feel apart of the action but it was completely overdone. That and the quick cut editing made the battles almost completely unclear and unwatchable. The only battle that had some great shots was the first half of the final stand in the movie, up until the point where a certain marine gets killed on top of a building. When I saw that I said, "now, where was THIS in the rest of the movie?" Also, the aliens, to me, weren't that interesting, because... 1. You rarely got a close up of them 2. When you did, they seemed uninteresting, being bipeds and all, you didn't actually get to see a good overall anatomy of the alien creatures. A few slice and dice to find a weakness shots and mostly medium to long shots of the creatures. 3. They only showed one type of creature up close when there were clearly more varieties of them. 4. Their weapons weren't really that different, I mean, except from rounds that cause instant third degree burns, there wasn't that much of a difference, they shot out missiles that looked EXACTLY like our species. This is a big spoiler coming up, my main gripe with the movie which I'll probably share with many more viewers to come about this movie so... SPOILER ALERT SPOILER ALERT SPOILER ALERT SPOILER ALERT SPOILER ALERT SPOILER ALERT SPOILER ALERT SPOILER ALERT SPOILER ALERT SPOILER ALERT SPOILER ALERT!!! The aliens crash land on our planet under the guise of a meteor shower, one in which we are only able to find out that the structure of the supposed meteorites is actually quite different from others when it enters our atmosphere. They amass ships from unknown sources.(Meteorites again? It wasn't made clear.) And bury massive comm/control ships underneath metropolitan areas without digging. But what really takes the cake is that they are this advanced yet they need water. Are you telling me that they can't molecularly manipulate hydrogen and oxygen and configure water from those elements? Really? They hid in a *beep* METEOR SHOWER AND RAISED SHIPS FROM UNDERNEATH METROPOLITAN AREAS and I'm suppose to go, "oh..well at least we can synthesize DNA, so just chalk one up for us humans..." So, with THAT being said... SPOILERS OVER SPOILERS OVER SPOILERS OVER SPOILERS OVER SPOILERS OVER SPOILERS OVER!!! I really wasn't going into this thinking this was gonna be completely devoid of holes and I would have let all of these things slide if I had gotten what I wanted, what I was expecting, SOLID ACTION. But thanks to the overabundance of "shaky-cam" I got almost an incoherent mess of battle scenes. Well, the acting was borderline decent. Cliché lines and an all around cannon fodder for a cast, but they weren't god awful, just like this movie wasn't god awful but it was just OK(and I'm being nice here.) Overall, it's worth a viewing...matinée viewing or a when it's on DVD/Blu-ray, a rent. Don't spend 10 bucks just because you're curious about this movie or bored.
평점: 4	리뷰: In the main, a dull, predictable, cheesy movie.The camera shake employed whenever the action ramped up detracted greatly for me. I can only assume the technique is being used to keep the budget down, as it serves to make it impossible for the viewer to see any detail in the shot (so less money/effort spent on props, cgi etc).The big plus was the stunning sound effects. Truly spectacular. I'm sure home cinema salesmen will be using this movie to demo surround systems for years to come.. the added bonus being that prospective customers will rarely be distracted by the images on screen.A throw-away flick with a movie theatre soundtrack & straight-to-DVD visuals.
평점: 4	리뷰: Why does a particular species of humans have the overwhelming thoughts/or is it instinct stating that aliens are out to kill them, etc. In general, humans are too self-destructive, stupid, and primitive to become worth the time for interstellar space traveling beings. I'm sure they find us interesting to watch as we allow oppression, destruction of the very world we are a part of, and continue to propagate ignorance. We even ignore common sense solutions and make ourselves fear changes. The premise of a domination motivated alien group bent on the eradication of humans is nearly preposterous. Even taking into account the hundreds of validated sites of visitations, the clear majority of them were obviously observing us. Most likely for historical recordings of what we are doing to ourselves, what we are doing to the planets biosphere, and what technologies we create. Star Trek (First Contact) is a much more realistic story. --Good special effects in the movie though.--
평점: 8	리뷰: Alien movies have become as popular as vampire movies, Cloverfield,Skyline, and many other horrible movies that have unfortunately graced our eyes in the past years. But I knew going into Battle:LA that this was going to be an improvement, and I am happy to report that it was even better. You know the summary of the plot,aliens invade,people die, Marines fight to win. What you don't know is how the movie ends, or what else happens in between, first off may I say that This is the first time(for me) that a alien invasion movie has a way of actually stopping the invasion(not so much clover field). That for me made me love this movie, but even with that huge victory, the movie still ends with a cliffhanger that is a perfect ending for this particular film.With that, the effects were fantastic, the sets and locations were great (although i'm a little mad that gas in the movie was $2.69 right??In Santa Monica no less, yeah I wish) The acting was great, not Oscar worthy, but good enough to where it is believable and the audience will relate too. The aliens were amazing, they are like District 9 and predator aliens combined, a very refreshing take on the overdone extraterrestrials of our past movie experiences.So action, alien lovers rejoice for you will enjoy a movie that accomplishes what it sets out to do, entertain on a whole new level,and keep you on the edge of your seats.
평점: 1	리뷰: If you are really looking to waste two hours of your precious life, then feel free to give this piece of crap a try. It's awful... just awful. The production company is called "Original Films", which is ironic because there is absolutely nothing original about this movie in any way. It is cliché after cliché. From a marine who wants to retire being called in to a "one last job" scenario, to a kid loosing his father and begging "please wake up" over heavy synthetic violins. It's awful... just awful. There is no objective, no plot, no story, nothing but flying bullets and low-fi "dancing" CG aliens. With the high budget of this movie you'd think that they could at least afford good looking CG. The animation and special effects in Terminator 2 were far superior... and that was made in 1991... 20 years ago!!There's a simple game you can play with this movie. Whoever falls asleep first, wins. Yes, it's that boring.But what is really depressing about this is the fact that Aaron Eckhart is a fantastic actor. It is a real mystery why he chose to be a part of this misguided production. He wasn't bad in this movie, either, but given the fact that there was no story, no character development, and soul-killingly lackluster dialogue, even his finely tuned chops weren't enough to make this movie entertaining.
평점: 6	리뷰: The basic premise of this film, and about the only original aspect of it, is, "What if you took a science fiction trope (alien invasion) and put it into the framework of a traditional war movie?" And, ultimately, this film is much more of a war movie than a science fiction flick. All of the clichés from war movies are there ("Black Hawk Down" seems to be the single biggest source), and scarcely any attention is paid to the science fiction elements at all. This premise could have produced a great movie if only the writers were up to the task. As it is, the film is pretty bland, containing just about every cliché in the book, both in terms of story and dialogue, although I give it some credit since it certainly did hold my interest for two hours. And it is the first alien invasion movie I've seen that actually attempts to depict the terrestrial military's response to the attack in a realistic manner. In that it is somewhat original and enjoyable. Both the 1953 original and Spielberg's remake of "War of the Worlds" toyed with this concept a bit, although since the emphasis in those films is on civilians rather than soldiers I don't think they count.To enjoy this film, you have to resist the urge to analyze it too deeply. Or to think about it at all, actually. It's yet another in the long line of recent films about aliens with the capability of crossing the galaxy but who still have difficulties foiling a handful of enterprising Earthlings ("Signs" is the worst offender in this regard). Still, I have to say, I love war movies about tough, determined soldiers, and if you do as well then you'll probably like this film. I certainly enjoyed it much more than either "Independence Day" or "Avatar."Hopefully some other group will use this concept to make a really GOOD SF war film, but I'm not going to hold my breath considering the trends in Hollywood.
평점: 2	리뷰: I love a creative science-fiction flick. The operative word here is creative. This movie fails miserably on creativity. The director thought it would be a good idea to rip-off 3/4 of the storyline for Independence Day, throw in shaky camera work to make it look like a war- documentary, and package it as a hit sci-fi flick. The only thing that earns this movie points are the acting of most of the people in light of having a crappy, over-clichéd script with almost no character development, and what I deem to be a flaccid plot-line that's been played out far too often in every other alien invasion flick. Wait for this movie to come out on DVD. Save yourself a few bucks and a severe headache from the horrible camera work.
평점: 2	리뷰: I have a whole new level of respect for Roland Emmerich and Dean Devlin. Sure, Independence Day might not have been great cinema, but at least it was FUN cinema. The build-up to the invasion, the famous shadows of the ships, and the diverse and amusing (if occasionally goofy) characters added to its popcorn-movie charm.Battle: Los Angeles has none of these things. It makes ID4 look like Hamlet.Where to begin with such a frantic mess? How about the characters, of which there are...I'm not sure actually. They're all so disposable that they blended together after awhile into a uniform military mass of gray. They are so thinly realized that a slight breeze could blow them away like torn tissue paper. Even Aaron Eckhart, who was one of the highlights of Dark Knight, is slumming here. His character, if you could even call it that, becomes more ridiculous over time, leading up to an absurd speech near the finale that had the audience in stitches with how poor the dialogue was.And just how much product placement was in this movie? I counted at least a dozen, if not more, products or services put throughout. I was beginning to think the only reason they picked LA was because of how easy it would be to give screen time to the products sticking awkwardly out of every crevice of the film. And O'Doul's? Really? What was everyone thinking? If this is the output of writer Christopher Bertolini, then he is a hack. No wonder his last produced feature screenplay was in 1999 -- BECAUSE HE'S TERRIBLE.But director Jonathan Liebesman deserves a huge amount of credit for descending this all into Hades. Never has the use of shaky-cam been so annoyingly overused. I was beginning to think the entire camera crew was cursed with Parkinson's. It didn't make me motion sick, but the talentlessness did make me nauseous.The aliens were the least realized I've ever seen in a film. They act as distantly-viewed antagonists, blowing the living crap out of everything in a search for...well, I won't spoil it, but suffice to say that it's as terrible a revelation as in Signs, and makes just as much sense. At least Signs was good for about 3/4 of its length, where as this was miserable from the first frame.After an interminable period of time, I just began to actively think every 15 minutes or so, "Surely it can't go on for much longer." And then IT DID. By the end I was about ready to burn down the theater, just to leave a smoldering crevice behind as a marker of how awful it truly was.So why two stars and not one? A one-star film is one that should never have been made that actively insults the audience. But a two-star...that second star is a reminder. It's a reminder that throwing a lot of money and a few stars at something makes it neither workable nor good.I urge -- no, I BEG -- do not see this movie. Tell your friends not to see this movie. Tell everyone that you ever cared about that this is a soul-sucking experience, a waste of two hours that you will never get back, and could be better utilized by sleeping or staring directly into the sun.
평점: 4	리뷰: Just come out of this film in Nottingham, after eagerly anticipating it for six months or so. I was pulled in by the viral marketing and trailers, hoping that this film would do the genre some justice after the mock-buster Skyline, and live up to the hype. I went in with high expectations, and I have to say I was not disappointed in the least.The film starts out sprung into the action, with fantastic cinematography and special effects, instantly I was gripped and on the edge of my seat. 'Spectacular' and 'Intense' (the descriptions on the trailer) I could easily say were the words for this film, and then some. The aliens people argue are unoriginal, but I thought they were menacing and fantastically designed for the film. Aaron Eckhart deserves an award for his portrayal as S. Sgt Nantz, a battle hardened Marine who puts in an admirable and intense performance, I thought he and the rest of his platoon (Michelle Rodriguez, Jim Parrack and even Ne-yo), put in realistic performances, with one or two corny lines, but that is it. People who slate the dialogue for this film do not sit back and take it for what it is, a balls out alien invasion war film, set in the US. Now here is what really angers me, I attempt to spoil myself stupid before films come out so I know that i'm in for something great when I buy my ticket. Before I went to see it last night though, I read a scathing review from Roger Ebert, giving the film half a star out of four. Now looking back at what I have just seen, Im no loser Ebert, I just happen to have a passion for the science-fiction genre that made me go to see it, just like tens of thousands of others. This is a man if I believe, gave Knowing four stars, and Kickass One star. He shouldn't be a critic, because what I've just seen was out of this world unbelievable. He needs to rethink, because this film doesn't deserve half of the bad reviews it gets...I implore you to see this film, its a fantastic sci-fi war adventure movie, that will have you on the edge of your seat from the start. A must watch in the cinema, so much that I will see it again! 10 of 10.JF
평점: 4	리뷰: So apparently, the blockbuster season has begun early. Much like it did last year with the average Clash of the Titans, we get this release.After we were treated to a couple of months of some fantastic movies, Hollywood decides not to make film goers too intelligent.Basic premise of the film....Aliens invade, soldiers have three hours to rescue Michael Pena and a vet, before they drop a bomb. That's it.It's your classic disaster/patriotic movie. At the beginning, we are treated to the 'hit list' of characters. Each one as uninteresting as the last. Ones getting married, ones Brother has been killed in action, one is a virgin. You can play the 'guess who is going to die first' game with this introduction.Then all the usual clichés kick in. Eckhart plays a staff Sergeant who made a decision that ended in the deaths of a few of his soldiers (one happens to be the brother of the aforementioned). He has a perplexed look on his face throughout.Then we have the leader who bottles it halfway through the film, but then becomes a martyr through self sacrifice.We have the tech whizz, who is also handy with a gun.We have crying children, a dying father, a dog, and a final push.It ticks every box in every film that has been produced by Bruckheimer/Silver and directed by Bay/Emmerich.Where this film differs though is due to a very poor script, which is funny at first, but soon grates, forgettable characters, and sloppy editing.Effects are okay, but gone are the days when that sold a film. if the film didn't takes itself seriously and had a few funny scenes inserted into it it could have been a fun film, but this Black Hawk Down/Independence Day hybrid fails miserably.A few scenes of promise (the opening attack on the beach, and a freeway assault) show what this could have been, but ultimately, this is poor work.
평점: 1	리뷰: This is, by far, the worst movie I've seen... period. This should be labeled as an advertisement for the marines, because this was nothing else than some army, hero propaganda... clearly made by some idiot in the pentagon. The storyline doesn't even make any sense.. OK, the movie is about alien invasion but common.. the screenplay is made like people are brain dead. I was actually offended how stupid these guys think the audience is.The story is in short: SSgt. Nantz is a marine with a debatable history from the gulf war. A long time is used to get you that lazy shallow point. Then the aliens attack. The aliens, from light years a way, have a crappy technology apparently. They have some missiles and assault rifles. They're ships are armed with the same weapons. They also have a huge mother ship that controls EVERYTHING and they have it stored in Los Angeles so the 4 people that star this movie can destroy it with one missile and be the hero of the movie. Once destroyed, every other ship will fall down of the sky and the war is over. This how dumb they think you are. OK, from the beginning to the end I described there's a lot of whining.The film follows on one troop through the movie. L.A. is in ruins, people dying all over the place and when they come across some family of civilians.. all of a sudden the whole movie is about getting them safely home. WHERE? Yes, home. L.A. is under alien control and is in ruins, but these guys are getting them safely home. That's the plot line of this movie. The story just goes away from the fact there's an alien invasion to some "civilian" dude who's the main subject of the film for at least an half an hour. Until he dies, luckily, but then there's like 10-15 minutes of whining and drama because of it. This guy barely said 2 sentences in the movie and they're waisting 10-15 minutes of time of the sorrow of his death!!?? Hello, the alien invasion.. remember?? So, you just can imagine the crap between the beginning and the end... "We must save the civilians", "No man left behind", "We are the marines, we never quit"... If you are going to watch this, get yourself a bag and be ready to puke... big time.
평점: 1	리뷰: Did they even watch the final copy before releasing it to the distributors? Where do I start? The bobbing camera is OK for a few scenes, but why use it for everything?...Everything! - Aaron Eckhart is delivering clichéd, teary lines and the camera is jerking like it's on a motocross dirt-bike. It get's worse as the movie progresses, with action scenes blurred out to the point of incomprehension because of all the shaking. You get only glimpses of all the panoramic shots of LA. The rest is all blurred out in a mayhem of out of focus camera action and more shaking. Of course, you never get a clear view of the aliens, all you'll remember is that their infantry look and act like those Cylons in BG. Storyline? There isn't one worth talking about. *sigh* What has happened to good movie-making skills these days?My wife got sick by the end of the movie and I managed not to by looking away when it got really bad. Do yourself a favor and give this a miss.
평점: 9	리뷰: As the name suggests, the movie is based on an alien invasion across the whole world. I had awaited this movie for a long time after watching its trailer. I was really amazed at first to see the special effects and realistic fighting scenes. The aliens were not detailed properly by the animators which was clearly evident from the few scenes which contained them. I liked the special effects, the guns and the explosions, after all that's what all "alien invasion" movies are based on. However,it had something extra which u don't find in such type of movies.If u really wanna have 116 min of fun, try watching it in a theater and please sit a bit closer to the screen, I am sure you all will have a breath-taking experience...! Have fun...!
평점: 8	리뷰: I keep reading reviews from people who don't think that this was a good movie. For what it was, it was a decent representation of what being in an urban combat environment would be like. I have been a United States Marine for over 13 years. I have served multiple times in both Iraq and Afghanistan. Combat has no plot. No story line. Heroes are measured in the battle field not by death, but by the mark that they leave behind. The memory of the heroism and heroic act that an individual would have performed most times ends in death. Americans take for granted that they have never been invaded. That they have never had to fight house to house, trying to take back our own land inch by inch with an enemy that doesn't quit. It's a shame that people are so closed minded, because they have never experienced it. Thank a Soldier, Airman, Sailor, or Marine for being willing to take it to the enemy in any part of the world at a moment's notice. The movie itself had a lot of great content. The focus on the human spirit and will to not quit even when everyone around you is being destroyed. As a species humanity prides itself in overcoming adversity. People need to step out of their perfect bubble and see that it might not be aliens who we might have to fight someday. The Japanese managed to sneak to our shores and Bomb Pearl Harbor with very little notice. Our Pride at times gets the best of us. People might say that this can't happen today, because they assume that the blanket of freedom that they enjoy and technology won't allow it. Unless you have served and know what it takes to live free and the price required for that freedom, you shouldn't take it for granted. Especially if you have done nothing to contribute to it. I am definitely going to see this movie again. Semper Fi.
평점: 9	리뷰: The best part of the film to me was the cinematography, the movie just looked fantastic. Action was great. At times it could be a little shaky, and there could have been more medium shots. The guns sounded real, the explosions were real and the actors looked great as Marines. I thought the acting was actually good, not the greatest, but not as bad as some people are making it out to be. Also I thought the aliens weren't too bad either.There were a couple negatives. Like critics have said the dialogue and character development can be a little weak and a little cheesy. But, again, I didn't think it was as bad as people made it out to be. And the other negative I saw were the aliens in combat. There were two scene in particular were they just seemed kinda dumb.My dad and I are going to watch it again in a few weeks, simply because during some scenes there is just SO much going on, but that wasn't a bad thing, in my opinion.ON first view 8.5/10
평점: 5	리뷰: This film was actually a lot better than I thought it was going to be. I walked in expecting basically everything the original few posters on this site stated: sub par acting, sub par plot, shaky camera, etc. What I got, however, was a much more enthralling experience.Lets talk abut the cinematography: Yes, most of the movie is shaky cam. Is it as bad as Cloverfield? Absolutely not. It is used modestly and seemingly very controlled. The film does NOT feel like a bunch of kids are shooting it with handicams. They really did a great job at bringing me into this alarming and scary setting and placing me beside these characters.Speaking of characters, the other posters seem to believe that every character here follows an explicit cliché and is, therefore, boring and amateur. Not true. Other films feel the need to sell us these actors as people, throwing family stories, explanations, and long-winded monologues at us to make us believe that this is real. This movie does away with all of that and relies on short bursts of conversation and the body language acting of the actors to display emotion. Yes, Michelle Rodriquez just plays yet another version of herself in this movie. Is that bad? No. She does OK. The movie isn't about one or two guys. There is no love story. It doesn't really matter if the characters are a little cliché (which I didn't really notice as much as some of these other posters did, I guess). The movie is about a team of Marines fighting an enemy that no one knows much about. Speaking of which, the Aliens are very well handled. There isn't some all-knowing force that can explain what exactly planet Earth is up against; we learn about them through this platoons attempts at understanding them. I thought they did a great job with the battles. The city FEELS destroyed and hopeless as the characters are fighting their way through. The battles are well paced and give ample down time in between. The director did a great job at giving us a very literal 'Alien' enemy, that works and functions in ways we haven't seen before. I mean, you do have to suspend some disbelief. For instance, if a completely alien culture is invading planet Earth, why would they have weapons that shoot fully automatic laser rays? Does every developed species with weapons get to the fully-automatic stage of weapon-izing and stop? And the final battle seems a little too easy for our heroes. But none of this kills the suspense of human beings attempting to survive a desperately terrifying situation.Basically if you came to this movie to see a war film set in Los Angeles that just so happens to involve aliens, then the movie will not disappoint. However, if you came expecting Two- Face to go Arnold on some Covenant, Modern Warfare style while surrounded by hot women and no responsibilities, then you will be disappointed. Battle: Los Angeles is human, modest, and huge at the same time. Bravo
평점: 6	리뷰: The alien invasion film is certainly nothing original. Recently, and upcoming, I can think of no less than 4 film and TV versions of this basic tale. Battle: Los Angeles doesn't bring anything new, plot wise, to this scenario. In fact, it operates on the thinnest of plot and some very underdeveloped characters. The only somewhat unique aspect, at least for an alien invasion story, is its gritty "you are there" aspect, filmed in a hand-held, jerky, thick of the action style. This isn't revolutionary either, but Battle: Los Angeles does manage to squeeze some momentum out of its running length.As mentioned above, Battle: Los Angeles' plot can be summed up rather succinctly: Aliens land on Earth throughout the globe, including near Los Angeles. This alien force, operating with ground forces, begins to overrun the various cities they arrive at, and LA is no different. A squad of marines, led by Staff Sergeant Nantz (Aaron Eckhardt) is dispatched to attempt to retrieve possible civilian presence from a Santa Monica police station behind the front lines of the fighting. They encounter heavy resistance, and must find a way back to their forward operating base while keeping the civilians under their protection, and themselves, alive.Battle: Los Angeles is obviously influenced, visually, by movies such as Black Hawk Down and Saving Private Ryan in the staging of its action. Much of the film is photographed with hand-held camera moves, the focus constantly whipping around, disorienting both the characters and the audience. While the technique is hardly unique, it does work to a degree in Battle: Los Angeles, bringing a different approach to a familiar plot. This isn't about scientists trying to figure out what the aliens want, or politicians wringing their hands about the "big decisions" in the midst of an alien onslaught. Battle: Los Angeles keeps its focus exclusively on the soldiers in the thick of battle, presenting the action in a no-holds barred manner. It is refreshing, at least from that perspective, to see a harder-edged, more realistic take on this material.On the other hand, Battle: Los Angeles is a bit weak on the character front. The most development is given to Sergeant Nantz, who had just recently returned from a tour in Iraq where lives were lost and many assume he was to blame. This plays into several moments in the film, influencing other characters regarding the decisions he makes during the events of the story. Beyond that, aside from a few obligatory references to someone's relative or background, none of the other characters see much development. Physically, they are different enough to stand out from one another, but they are all mostly blank slates. There isn't complete detachment from the audience, several moments have some resonance emotionally, but not as much as if the filmmakers had taken some time to flesh the people out a bit more.Battle: Los Angeles also suffers from being a bit overlong, and it's relentless, action oriented approach means that a lot of similar scenes play out over and over again: Marines trapped in combat, things don't look good, a character makes a choice or sacrifice, they manage to subdue their attackers, and then the film moves to the next scene in this same format. There is also little or no development of the alien menace. Snippets of television coverage featuring scientific experts fills in a little of the backstory to them, but it is mostly incidental. However, Battle: Los Angeles is not created in that style, it is about the action going on with the marines in the thick of it, and stays in that mode.Aaron Eckhardt proves again his ability to sell a character, and he imbues Sergeant Nantz with a vigor and a degree of weariness that you buy into. Most of the other actors do a decent job of making us believe in these people as Marines in the thick of combat. A few recognizable names take roles, including Michele Rodriguez as an Air Force tech who joins up with the Marines and Bridget Moynihan as a civilian they are trying to protect, but neither has much to work with in regards to their characters other than to look tough or scared, respectively.Battle: Los Angeles is certainly no masterpiece. It doesn't deviate much from the alien invasion template in regards to the broad strokes of its plot, and the style it was filmed in has been pioneered by other films. That being said, the film is engaging enough, and applies its style to a source material in a way that at least gives a different perspective on a familiar narrative framework. That doesn't make for a tremendous film, but not one that is completely in need of avoidance by the filmgoing public.
평점: 7	리뷰: This movie delivered exactly what it promised. The trailer never teased that this movie would have amazing acting or characters, it just showed us a really awesome looking alien invasion, and that's why anyone who saw this movie bought a ticket. The above reviews that give Battle:LA a low score because of the less-than-perfect acting are being too hard on it. Sure, the acting is more similar to Independence Day than District 9, but it doesn't detract from the movies enjoyability. In fact, the action and visuals feel almost exactly like District 9. While the shaky camera did get a little annoying, I like the Cloverfield style of camera work, and it worked well for this movie.So basically, Battle:LA has acting similar to Crash (strong, but not exactly believable) and special effects almost exactly like District 9 with the camera work of a Bourne movie. That's what you should expect.
평점: 1	리뷰: This film suffers from the worst directing that I have seen for awhile. Everything is close-ups...and they are EXTREME close-ups. Every time someone speaks it seems the director wants us to only concentrate on the mouth, nose and eyes. Two-shots in this film are almost non-existent! Scenes are cut so quickly that one cannot keep track of what's really going on...does the director think that frantic cutting makes a film more exciting?The script was trite, with the protagonists constantly making speeches in the middle of battle. All the characters along with the plots found in old war movies are here...none of the characters are new and none of the battle directives are new.Finally, other than naming streets in Los Angeles, what did this movie have to do with Los Angeles? This movie could have taken place in any major city. They could have integrated some more of the Los Angeles landmarks into the story.
평점: 3	리뷰: The good news: The movie is 90% action. The bad news: The movie is 90% action, filmed by using hand held "shaky cams". Almost gave me a headache 20 min. into the film. I'm not a video game first person shooter player. Maybe that would have helped. The remaining 10% non-action calm camera scenes helped keep my eyesight usable. However, half of those scenes should have been left on the cutting room floor, as much of it felted like it belonged in a different movie. Distracting to say the least. The saving element here is at least it was an attempt at presenting a sci-fi/effects action movie (my personal favorite). I waited months, through all the delays, for this movie to make it to the theaters. At least the theater popcorn was good, and I used a free admission pass. We suffered through films shot in near total darkness (AVP-Requiem), lense flares (Star Trek) and shaky cams. What's next?
평점: 8	리뷰: Movie was good, although in the end I felt like something was lacking. You might think they could spawn several episodes off this one movie. With the main theme being Battle LA, the fact the movie shows just one small group and their encounters on their mission, kept me thinking during the movie, "but whats going on over there, and over there?" . I even found myself saying during the movie, that they should have the gang bangers with their guns attacking the aliens also. lol And to see LA on fire and smashed was pretty cool. All in all, it was close to what I expected, and I am glad I was able to contribute to my local theater here in San Clemente, Ca. T.C.
평점: 9	리뷰: Battle: Los Angeles is an excellent popcorn movie that is intense throughout. It jumps right into the action with news reels and clips showing the initial meteor shower and invasion. Then it jumps back 24 hours, introducing us to the characters and their personalities. This is where I could find my only real gripe with a film of this kind. Every detail about these soldiers is later explored to greater depth in the midst of the warfare then in these 20 minutes. Some of it could have been cut down. Aaron Eckhart, Michelle Rodriguez, and Bridget Moynahan all give great performances and steal the show. I was initially worried over Ne-yo's part in the film, as rap stars in movies usually does not bode well. (See: Terminator Salvation) However, he was given a small supporting role and got a couple funny lines in, so nothing to worry about. The action was fantastic, especially the freeway battle and the marine's last stand. One last point I have to make is that this film wanted to be as realistic as possible, with the battle of Los Angeles still up for grabs by the end. This isn't one of those flicks where a seemingly invincible protagonist and his squad single-handedly take out the invading force's entire operations. They do however, take out their air support in LA, with concentrations of ground forces left by the end. This sort of creative decision made me respect it even more. Of course, it's open for sequels, as the film mentions dozens of other cities being attacked and with LA not even under the human's control yet. However, if that were to happen, as long as it is under Jonathan Leibesman's directing abilities then I'm sure I'd be happy.
평점: 3	리뷰: I wasn't expecting Shakespeare,but honestly just watch district 9 again its far better in all categories. We have the just out of military school captain,the old experienced retired,but brought back into service for the last time commander who has to take orders from the newbie.....again watch aliens Cameron does it better. This movie wasn't shot in LA ...and it looks like it wasn't anyone familiar with the city will see it,a lack of wide establishing shots apart from very wide FX gives the game away.Independence day did annihilated LA far better than this effort.SPOILER:the only cool shot was aliens emerging from the ocean,but that was seen from TV perspective..so even that lost its impact. Save your money on this one.
평점: 8	리뷰: Okay this is not a movie about story, but surely it's obvious to see that in the trailers. This movie is about taking a location that is not really used for anything except soap operas and chick flicks and turning it into a battlefield. If you can cope with that then this movie isn't awful like a lot of people are saying. This movie has a lot of strengths for action lovers. The marines jump right into the fray within the first fifteen minutes or so and the action continues to pour in throughout most of the movie. Firefights, marine maneuvers, communication and motions, and actual strategies are incorporated into this movie, which was the director's goal in this project. Yes, there are some obvious solutions to the problem, aka nuke the zone, but then that wouldn't be a really long movie would it? Continuing on, another key factor that is seen is the brotherhood that soldiers have between their own platoon and the friendships that they make. Combine that with the action and you get the suspense that makes you connect with the characters hoping each one survives. Heck you may even pick a favorite character to root for in hopes they survive. Another strong point is that the movie keeps going, with very little slow scenes in the mix, so again action lovers will love it. Yes it kind of causes the story line to be narrowed out, but again you shouldn't expect a story from this kind of movie. Weak points from this movie start with the choppy camera action used to record this movie. It's filmed with moving with the soldiers and is really quick and spastic. If you get motion sickness, then you may not want to watch this movie. Next up the dialogue is very cheesy at some points. They try to bring comedy relief in the intense situation to keep you from getting too depressed in the film. But let's face it dialogue today isn't really written in the best sense, aka half the lines on Glee and other comedies of today. Get past that and again the movie isn't that bad, in fact you can actually laugh at how ridiculous the lines are which lightens the mood a little. Again I've already mentioned there is no real story to it, but again it's one of the action film fan's audience. Not too mention it really is hard to get a good alien invasion storyline that hasn't been done or isn't a marvel comic. Another weakness can be a little of the poor acting in this movie and the overacting at certain scenes. The parts where aliens aren't trying to blow your head off can make you roll your eyes, but that's with any movie really. Another weakness is there is some predictability to it, especially when it comes to death scenes and as a result you may guess who is going to die next. However, what movie doesn't have some predictability to it. The last thing to comment on is the graphics of the movie. For the most part the aliens are obviously CGI, but they are done pretty well from what I can tell. I'm no expert in the field, but it looks pretty decent and I have to say I don't have the eye to tell green screen from actual models. Overall I enjoyed the movie, I've been an action lover for a long time, but have branched out in recent years mind you. This movie is exciting, action packed, and has a strong message of brotherhood in the marine life. I think it captures some military lifestyles and situations, but again I don't know. Yes, I know nuclear warfare is obvious, but again you want a movie you go for the more extreme case. As long as you can get over the cheesy dialogue and the lack of story, then I think you will enjoy this movie. Overall I give it an 8 out of 10.
평점: 8	리뷰: I came, I saw, and I was entertained Bottom-line.Anything more than that is over analyzing something that is fairly straight forward and simple. Were you entertained or not? I do not need some—more often, uptight, self-absorbed, self-proclaimed intellectual type to tell me what I should see and what I shouldn't. I'll make my own decisions thank you. Let's face it, nearly all critics are (self-styled or published) basically masters of mediocrity, they cannot produce the things they critique and so they criticize it and often negatively in order to get a sense of self-importance. If you need another opinion, fine ask for it, it's your right. If you need to criticize something by all means it's your right as well.But to tell others that you're mental retarded if you see it? To say you are tired of the clichés, look at the movie you watched. That the soldiers in the film are so predictable, are so cliché, and you don't want to know about them—again look at the movie you watched (because you have watched enough military movies and or played enough first-person shooting games so you know the deal right?). Aliens that have been documented in real life that are visiting Earth are only here to observe? Before you begin an invasion campaign you need reconnaissance before your invade to carry out the invasion! Duh! They are observing us! And if you are going to criticize someone at least get your facts straight. Those were marines and air force in the movie, not the army. The US Army wrote the script to the movie? I love reading movie reviews but I largely ignore most of the content within. Well except for some truly bad reviews which I will go see just for myself and who knows? I may be surprised. What I find fascinating are all the things people will say. That is just as entertaining as watching the actual movie. Most often I find myself laughing because it proves a lot of my points. Many critics may think they are smart and worldly but in actuality they are self-important, and plain stupid and too dumb to realize it. The movie studios are in business to make money from entertaining the masses. So I will say again, did you enjoy it or not? What did you expect from an Alien Invasion movie? They have been around since the early 1900s with the invention of moving pictures. There is really nothing truly original anymore—from mankind's point of view. And when the aliens do finally arrive I am certain they will either totally confirm what we believed all along or totally surprise us to the core, I am for the latter. To say that aliens do not exist is just plain ignorance. Bottom-line. Did you enjoy it or not? Were you entertained or not? And so, having expressed my own opinions, have a nice day and keep the laughs coming.
평점: 8	리뷰: Intigued by the YouTube trailer, I decided to go see Battle:LA. I'd hoped for something better than the ultimately disappointing Skyline. Maybe just about at Independence Day level (updated for our more cynical age...).Wow- was I pleasantly surprised! I got great acting from the always good Aaron Eckhart, Bridget Moynahan,Jim Parrack (Hoyt Fortenberry, in TrueBlood). There was realistic, war-like carnage. Good SFX and I didn't want to laugh when I saw the aliens. The character development whilst sketchy, was enough to make us genuinely care what happened to the group of people who were the focal point of the film.Its a simple premise. Massive asteroid shower turns out to be an alien invasion which instantly becomes an all-out onslaught. Staff Sgnt Nanz, a 20 year veteran,and his young lieutenant Martinez, lead a group of marines in a small mission to rescue a group of civilians trapped in a Santa Monica police station, whilst chaos reigns as all the different military machines in the major military powers on earth are being wiped out. Things have gone so bad, so fast, that the US military are having to adopt a 'scorched earth' policy, and flatten all along one densely populated coast. So the marines are working against the clock to complete the evacuation before the bombs drop, and everyone dies. A simple plot. I went at 12.30 in the afternoon, just before the Saturday shopping, expecting to be pleasantly diverted.It started off as per most of these alien invasion flicks...then turned into 'Black Hawk Down' with the intensity of the urban warfare scenes, and the desperation of the group's situation. I watched it with my 20 year old son and we were both mesmerised. I'm frankly mystified by some of the negative reviews I've seen. Honestly,people.This is well worth seeing.
평점: 6	리뷰: I guess you've got to be in the US military or somehow related to somebody in the military to fully appreciate this movie. Personally, I think there was a lot of unnecessary marine cheese. I've played call of duty series and a lot of scifi games in my life -- Battle:LA's story didn't quite nailed it. It seemed to be targeted to both scifi fans and war movie fans but it didn't pass. Cinematography, settings, graphics & action did deliver though.Those aliens are smart and managed to get to earth but failed to guard their command center? How stupid is that? A 6-7 marine squad took down the command center with tons of aliens dudes with much more advanced weaponry than M16s. If the aliens managed to travel in space and got to Earth, I don't think they lack strategy or are stupid enough to left command center under such small care. That was too easy. The director needs to play more scifi games to get his story straight. He's just not there.The whole story isn't solid. There are pieces floating here and there. Staff sergeant spent so much time trying to find the weak point on the alien body but never really put it to use that much. Lieutenant's death wasn't necessary. Are you effing kidding me? I'd have dragged him out of there and let the c4 in the bus triggered some other way. Bull****! The "I'll be strong and going to become a marine because of my brave father" sh.it didn't work for me either. The whole squad should also rest up for at least an hour or two to work more efficiently as well.The real marines and marines in Call of Duty are cool. The marines in this movie aren't. The story goes anywhere as it pleases. Didn't follow logic. things happen too easily. Unrealistic and too cheesy. the aliens become stupid suddenly by the end. I'd expect a lot more defense from them. I'd expect a lot more marines to die and finally win by some other means rather than a 6-7 marine squad taking down a command center. I'd expect a hard fight. I'd expect alien commandos or ninjas guarding the command center -- not a floating tank done which could easily be taken down by a grenade. See? A lot of holes.Nonetheless I enjoyed the action. So there it is, a 6.
평점: 10	리뷰: Battle: Los Angeles maybe just your average alien invasion film, but it's extremely good at what it's got going for it.The choice to film in a hand held fashion is one that has been met with slight mixed criticalism, I for one enjoyed it. As soon as the film starts you are thrown straight into the action and the realism is actually phenomenal. Aaron Eckhart is as good as they come and he was perfect to lead this film, all the acting was of a decent level, there were no terrible performances, even from newcomer Ne-Yo who although didn't have many lines was still alright.The visual effects were of a brilliant level, the aliens looked cool and a sense of threat was captivated throughout the film from them. Just when there's a quiet talking scene, a huge battle scene will commence where Director Jonathan Liebesman will show you everything you need to see to have you on the edge of your seat.Why it was felt that Skyline would have been a threat to this film I don't know, because it really does blow it away in terms of story (Which in both films isn't amazing, but in Battle LA it's better), acting, and battle scenes in Battle LA completely blew me away.Basically Battle LA is not an average alien invasion film. It's an all out Alen War film which wastes no time is setting the standard of action you're going to see throughout the whole film."Let's show these b******s who they're f****n' with!" Quality film.
평점: 4	리뷰: Bad writing and acting are prevalent here - if you're looking for mindless entertainment this movie delivers - if you're looking for a 'good' action flick - rent Independence Day.This is a run-of-the-mill action flick - we saw it as a preview and the theatre was packed - and the audience seemed to enjoy it but it was an overall gratuitous movie.I wouldn't waste money on this one - not even for a matinée - it's really a shame because Jim Parrack from 'True Blood' was in it as well as Michelle Rodriguez ('Lost') - two decent actors who have done MUCH better stuff - but, I guess everyone has to pay the bills.
평점: 6	리뷰: With all the disappointing review, I was reluctant to see this film. Though I am glad I did, it was a mixture of Black Hawk Down, District 9 and Cloverfield which worked fairly well. I can see why some people would rate it poorly, as there is little character development and story, but it is obvious from the title that this is going to be an all out action film. The Cinematography was a little stomach churning, with the "shaky cam" being used in nearly every shot, but it was not enough to drastically reduce my overall opinion of the film. Overall, I would say that most of the review are irrelevant as this is definitely a film you need to see for yourself to decide whether its any good or not. I gave it a 9/10 partly to bring up the overall rating, as I can just see people desperately trying to bring it down, but also because I felt it was a generally worthwhile film...Certainly better than Skyline-
평점: 8	리뷰: I go to Transformers to see Megan Fox look good and giant robots fight. I went to Battle: LA to see the American military and aliens shoot and blow each other up.A lot of people seem to think this was supposed to be some kind of District 9 movie. Sure, if you evaluate it on the same scale as District 9, it sucks. But if you just wanted to see an awesome action movie, this is the movie for you.Yes, there was no character development. Yes, the plot is a zillion years old. So what? I wasn't looking for those things. Now and then, it's nice to go see a movie with mindless action. 100% of this movie was mindless action. Suspend your disbelief and enjoy it. Compare it to a movie like The Losers or A-Team where the movie tries to build up some characters and an original plot and fail miserably.I would also like to add that there are some nice original points to this movie. For once, the aliens are not infallible. I get pretty tired of the oh-lawd-we-hit-them-with-nukes-and-didn't-kill-one type of alien movie popularized by Independence Day. There is no magic bullet in this movie, the aliens die from bullets, and you have to take out the command and control center to do serious damage (hey, just like in a conventional land war!). I also thought this movie was a decent depiction of a realistic military response to an alien attack. Everyone mobilizes, surrounds the landing zone, and combat ensues when they are attacked. Pretty simple.I also see complaints about camera style. I honestly didn't even notice. It didn't seem any worse than, say, Black Hawk Down.So I give this movie 8/10 on my action movie scale. If you were planning on evaluating it on the thoughtful-work-of-art scale, you must not have seen any of the trailers.
평점: 8	리뷰: This movie basically is what it says it is - an action-packed alien invasion movie about the fight for Los Angeles against alien invaders, with lots of explosions and hardware. Don't go into it with expectations of a great plot or overly complex characters.But within that bound, it's excellent. The action is exciting and often jolting (the movie only wastes a short bit of time before getting into the thick of things), the characters simply drawn but sympathetic, and the visual effects are impressive. I was sitting on the edge of my seat for most of the film.MILD SPOILER: The aliens themselves are refreshing. Rather than being an "Independence Day" style "invincible menace" with Silly Movie Lasers and Magic Shields, they fight with tactics, cool-looking war machines, and powerful drone aircraft - using bullets and missiles. Their technology is superior, but not so untouchable that the characters have to resort to a silly cop-out in order to defeat them in battle.
평점: 1	리뷰: There are most definitely spoilers here, people. I need to rant, I just came home from watching this... thing that somehow passes for a movie. It definitely was entertaining, to say the least. Let's see, you know when a movie sucks when characters are dying (most of whom you cannot remember their names) and you feel nothing, or when you are wondering what happened to that dog Glenn rather than that other guy who was just shot in the face! It kept panning to whoever was talking, EVERY SINGLE TIME! No, I really don't want to see that cleft one more time when you tell us "It. is. seared. in. my. BRAIN" Harvey Dent (what was his characters name anyways?) I can say this, the kill-y parts were pretty cool, but it kinda screamed "KIDS! JOIN THE MARINES AND YOU WILL KILL ALIENS WITH 7 OTHER PEOPLE WITH LIKE NOOOOO HELP! AHHH!" Well, a wasted 10 bucks on movie that I had to look away because the camera moved so much, or had to bury my face in my mom's sweater to hold back my tearful guffaws.
평점: 6	리뷰: I went into Battle: Los Angeles not knowing what to expect. When I first heard the title and premise, I was anticipating just another mindless, sci-fi destruction film, aka last year's Skyline. The trailer however, was well put together and made me wonder if we might have a more well rounded and emotional film on our hands. I was actually intrigued by it and my desire to see the film increased, as did my expectations.The film starts out strongly, amidst the turmoil of the alien invasion, as we follow the tension of the soldiers as they approach it. This definitely captured my attention and felt like we possibly had a strong film on our hands and thenthe narrative began. As soon as the "24 hours before invasion" flashed on the screen, the two biggest problems with the film became apparent within minutes: screenplay and camera work. I was instantly annoyed by the camera work in the film, as the narrative began with SSgt. Michael Nantz (Aaron Eckhart) jogging on the beach outside of Camp Pendleton; everything was super close and hand held. Throughout much of the beginning narrative, I was distracted by the amount of camera movement and close up shots. It was hard to get a grip on everything, since it was impossible to take in the entire surroundings of scenes. During the action scenes though, I didn't feel that distracted by the hand held work, as it was effective in making you feel as if you were in the middle of the conflict. However, there was no need for the amount of shakiness during the narrative scenes and I felt that it detracted from what was happening on screen.The screenplay was definitely the Achilles Heel of the film. The dialogue in the film was absolutely horrendous and it seemed to be filled with every sci-fi/destruction cliché imaginable. It was peppered with clichéd characters, scenarios and predictable scenes, as if not much time and effort was put into its writing. I can imagine the writers sitting down, watching every alien movie ever made and writing down their favorite scenes from each and jumbling them together into a script. Nothing about the story itself was original or surprising, it just felt like a rehash of its predecessor films.Aside from these two areas however, the film was still definitely an enjoyable 2 hours at the movies. It was filled with testosterone and adrenaline, as the marines battled the invaders to take back Los Angeles. It definitely felt like an ode to the Marine Corps., as scene after scene painted them as self-sacrificing heroes who are here to protect. Eckhart was also another positive for the film, as his performance was outstanding, even with the clichéd character that he was given to work with. There were also a few scenes that were a little touching, which I attribute to director Jonathan Liebesman, as he was able to pull some great emotion from such a weak script. I also liked the gritty look and feel to the film that he achieved, which kept the film from feeling like a cheesy, made for TV sci-fi special.All-in-all, Battle: Los Angeles was an enjoyable experience and one I don't regret, even with my screening gypping me of the Super 8 trailer. Even though it was no Discrict 9, it was still entertaining and didn't feel like a complete waste of celluloid like others from this genre (another plug against Skyline). So I would definitely recommend it for those looking for a solid action film that is not ruined (thankfully) by every studios' decision to bludgeon us with 3D.
평점: 8	리뷰: OK - first, this is my first review here - so I must explain my point of reference. I usually go to movies with pretty realistic expectations. If the movie is coming out in the Summer, then I know it must be a blockbuster. If it comes any other time, then I don't really expect the best movie ever. With that said, I enjoy pretty much any sci-fi or action movie I go watch - and I try to review with the fact of what I see, rather than my emotions towards the flick.Battle LA, I just couldn't wait for this movie! The movie was neatly produced, great plot and nice details in the storyline. The movie is a combination of a war action movie and a typical alien invasion movie, to be more specific, combine HBO's "The Pacific" and "War of the Worlds." Key details that make the movie great are in the setup of war tactics and general production of special effects. The action sequences and the music keep you at the edge of your seat for most of the movie. And actor Aaron Eckhart and Michelle Rodriguez bring the plot more credibility and carries the rest of the cast very well. Possible Spoilers: On the downside, the movie could have spent some more time in the development of the early stages of the invasion, and perhaps show some battles from that stage. Additionally, the movie could have shown a little more damage sequences to landmarks of LA and that area. Also, the alien weapons are not very sci-fi, in fact, District 9 weapons would have been a perfect fit for this movie. Finally, some of the cast members at times get in the way of the flow of the movie - but this is not a problem overall.My recommendation is, go watch it!! The big screen is a big plus for this movie, and the theater sound is essential to obtain the separation of special effect sounds from the suspenseful music that goes on throughout the movie - which is a key element to this film.Also - you should go watch it now - because next weekend "Source Code" is being released - and thats another must watch!
평점: 8	리뷰: Battle LA surprised me quite a bit. After reading Roger Ebert's scathing review, I went into it with a chip on my shoulder. I was pleasantly surprised, to say the least, that Ebert's review was nonsense and that most of the critics who pan this movie don't really know what they're talking about.Battle LA ultimately succeeds because it pulls off what no other alien invasion movie has: realism. If we were to be attacked next week by some kind of extraterrestrial invasion force, I'd see it playing out a lot like this movie. We're not told what their motivations are at first...because, honestly, we would have no idea. Real life doesn't play out like a conveniently paced movie. Ebert criticised the movie for having flat, militaristic dialogue -- guess what? about 90% of this movie is combat. There aren't time for sweeping speeches and grandoise passages of dialogue when bullets are flying and you're fighting for your life. I really appreciated that the dialogue was incredibly authentic, although none of those soldiers were foul-mouthed enough to be real marines. ;) Another thing I feel was grossly overlooked was how real the actors were. They walked, talked, fought, and even held their guns like real Marines would. They fought intelligently and used the exact same kind of tactics and techniques that our boys over in Iraq and Afghanistan are using today. No one ever sprayed and prayed or shot their pistol one-handed...they were acting like legitimate soldiers. The entire intention of this movie was to put us on the ground, in the squad, and see how they reacted to an interstellar war that they had no idea about...that they had to quickly adapt to. Yes, some of the characterizations are slightly cheesy. And it's true, the climax felt like they ripped it straight out of a Call of Duty game (WE NEED TO DEFEND THIS POSITION UNTIL THE MISSILE ARRIVES!). But all in all, Battle LA pulled off exactly what it was trying to do: a realistic take on an alien invasion, as well as a look at it through the eyes of a squad of Marines. The critics who were expecting it to be more than that were very obviously missing the point.
평점: 3	리뷰: I gave this film 3 *** . The fight scenes are hart pounding if you like war moves . But the PG13 rating cut out cursing and horrific battle wounds mostly disembodied alien's ,One solider rips the body of a wounded alien apart with a knife to see why they don't die after 100 rounds don't kill them, and the human's had light bullet wounds. At the end of the movie it felt like a propagandistic film prepared by the Military to seduce 13 year old children to enlist at age 18. The soldiers act immature with "hoora" and "retreat hell" even suffering 45% mortality loses at the start . I'm not saying it was a Saving Privet Ryan film that i gave 10 stars too. But a rating of R would be welcome .The Aliens details are hard to make out and the weapons too might have been lack of money for High FX rendering.If you liked the war of the worlds remake then this film is 5% better .
평점: 7	리뷰: I was leery on seeing this one, mostly akin to the fact that I hated Skyline and this movie is very similar to that particular film. A friend of mine wanted to go see this, and I needed to get out, so we saw it. I'm glad I did.To be truthfully honest, I wasn't paying much attention to the beginning. You see, I have this thing where I go off into my own world, leaving it to the movie to take me out of my world and into their's. Luckily, the movie did this successfully and I was engrossed into the story it was telling.If you don't know by now, the movie is essentially about Marines fighting aliens who are trying to colonize in Los Angeles. There really isn't much more than that. I can, however, tell you what part grabbed my attention and helped me focus through the rest of the movie. It was the scene where the Marines were going through some fog, walking between two buildings. Then they get startled but it turns out to be a dog. I thought to myself, "Uh oh, movie, if you invite an animal along, the audience is going to care more for the pooch than the characters you were establishing." The dog disappears and the Marines are ambushed by the aliens for the first time. From this point, I was interested and I was actually invested into the characters; especially Aaron Eckhart, who's a good actor anyway.Along the way, they pick up some civilians which consist of a man, a woman, and a couple of kids. Despite a lack of character development, I did care for these characters enough to feel sorry for any of them if they ever get shot down by the aliens. This element did help some intense moments, especially the scene where Aaron Eckhart must elude one of the alien aircrafts to a gas station. There was a lot of these tense moments all the way up to the end. It was an action extravaganza and I was entertained. Coupled with that and some decent acting from the cast, I didn't have much to complain about. Even the shaky cams didn't bother me too much, though sometimes it felt totally unnecessary. The main ingredient here was that I wanted to be entertained, and I got that. It's definitely better than Skyline, but I don't see this one being the best of the year. 2011 is still early, and we have a lot of films to go. Summer is upon us.
평점: 3	리뷰: I expected a Sci-fi movie, but I found a hybrid between a video game commercial and an US Marine propaganda.The movie is filled of war rhetoric: lines like "Marines don't quit" or "you are the best marine I ever met" towards a 9 years old child make me sick and really worried about the future of Hollywood cinematography in the USA.If I wanted to see a war movie I surely would choose a documentary as "Restrepo" which tells me the real story the US soldiers are living on their skins.In Battle LA for the first hour we, as audience, are following three hours in the movie, and the time goes really, really slow. The realistic gunshots noise is unbearable; I thought I was watching someone else playing a video game in Dolby surround.Even the worst Rambo was better than this; at least there you expected to see bad acting in a cold war environment, but here with good actors as Aaron Eckart (who recentely delivered a good performance in "Rabbit hole") and Michelle Rodriguez (very good in "Avatar")you expected something more.My question is: have the US Marines recruitment issues? There aren't enough joiners so they need movies like this?? Advice: don't waste your time with this movie, you would regret and I hate to say: "I told you"!!
평점: 7	리뷰: Before writing I had to think really hard how much I liked this movie. I really want to give it a higher score, but can't bring myself to give it a score over 7/10. The plot was generic and I wasn't impressed with some of the acting. I did like the visual effects. By saying that I mean the explosions. If you like explosions then this movie is for you. The pyrotechnics team made a fortune from this film. I was let down by the aliens. I felt like I was seeing alien outlines most of the movie and not seeing them up close. This movie was made in "Shakavision" most of the time. You see the aliens through a gun scope 70% of the time. This is not to say that you won't see the aliens up close, just not enough for me. I did like the alien forms, they were a little different, but not enough to go down in alien movie history though. This is a good matinée and not bad for an early March movie. This isn't Independence Day, but it is a movie about aliens.
평점: 7	리뷰: Not the best sci-fi flick I've seen, not the worst. The movie starts with a rockin' song & moves quickly to the action; lots of smoke, gunfire, perturbed Marines, darting shapes & weird sounds (which strongly reminded me of the velociraptor sounds from Jurassic Park). It had me glued to the screen, jumping at every sound & invested in the happenings.The middle section of the movie dealing with a character's lingering death & his plea to save his orphaned son has been done over and over and over again in other films & I'm tired of those schmaltzy attempts by the director to tug at our heart strings. I'm also familiar with the "I'll stay behind & set off the bombs so the rest can live" martyrdom shtick (Armageddon, anyone? Aliens, anyone?). Maybe I was getting battle-weary.The final third of the film again had me pulling for the survivors to finally get the hell outta there. Jeff Goldblum figures out that if they can disable the mothership, this will ultimately aid in the defeat of the extraterrestrials, so he & Will Smith take off from Area 51 in an alien spacecraft...oh, wait, that was Independence Day. OK, so our Marines figure out something similar, and are then led by the tortured and misunderstood staff sergeant (who earlier had bared his soul to his platoon, and won their loyalty forever; I, myself, would probably have been worried about getting out alive & trying to rest after such a hellacious day, but that would be too realistic & boring) to carry out a similar strategy. All ends well for the few Marines & civilians not already picked off. We Americans have once again singlehandedly (!!) figured out the secret to alien destruction & proceed to tell the REST OF THE WORLD, who are unable to figure this out without us. Yay, us.Did the movie keep my attention? Yes. Was I entertained? Yes. Was it realistic? Probably not.
평점: 6	리뷰: like other reviews before mine, the acting was surprisingly good, considering the cast. Arron Ekhart portrayed his character extremely well, and the other casts members pulled it off with good marks as well.First, the pros: great acting, great special effects, plot/editing was good, story progression was fine now for the cons: shaky cam!!!! aarrghhh!!! OK, i get it shaky cam is super awesomely fine for action scenes, helps add to the whole "dude! a bomb just blew up next to that guy over there" scenes... but why oh why on earth does the director feel the need for extensive shaky cam beach running scenes!?!?! the first 10 mins of this movie i was like "Oh god i hope there's some action soon b/c i can't stand another minute of shaky cam character 'introduction/building' scenes...which brings me to my next gripe, introduction of characters; it felt like a freaking role call, was boring as he!! and it didn't make me care one bit about the soldiers that were inevitable about to die. they all looked the same and were just another face in uniform to me...overall the movie was boring, and riddled with clichés, i felt like i was watching Saving Private Ryan(eehhh) with a dash of Cloverfield(Which I loved!!!) stirred in to give it that special mouth feel... i'm ashamed that I dragged my husband to it, and irritated that he got more enjoyment out of this obvious "guy flick"... but then again i'm a girl who loves loves loves Skyline and was hoping that this was just going to be another "skyline" but just less pretty and more "real" as seen from a marine's POV. all i got was a bunch of 2 dimensional characters w/ little to no development, and tonsOshakeycam!! if you are a guy, you will probably like it, if you are a girl who loves marine-war movies, football, or any other manly sports, you too will probably like it..
평점: 10	리뷰: Even without the fancy 3D gimmicks, the way they delivered and presented most of the film felt like it really pulled you into the action and be part of it. It's probably because of the hand-held/amateur video style, but unlike other hand-held/amateur (or so called "cloverfield camera") style films, such as Cloverfield and Paranormal Activity, this film still looks back to the real way a feature film should be... and that is to be cut at the right camera angles... The unique thing is that they put normal camera and cloverfield camera styles together properly.. which makes it very pleasing to watch.OK, more on the plot. The story had it's own twists, although kinda predictable, I think it was still well thought. At one point you'd say, "That guy will definitely die" yeah, he will.. although, after that you'll regret you thought he'd die because it was just sad. And that's awesome, because normally, if you know someone's definitely gonna die in a movie, you don't feel compassion for them, but in this case, you will.From time to time, you'd say "Is it done?" but no, it's not yet... There's more! It's like, they want to feed you with things you actually expect or know will happen, but with some twists and turns which makes it awesome.The main actors were also very excellent in acting, I think they did very well here.The sound effects and music was also well thought and well produced/mixed. It gives you the real feel of what's happening.Over-all, everything is put together nicely and well made. Oh, and expect some surprises along the way... I would highly recommend anyone to watch this.
평점: 4	리뷰: Battle: Los Angeles begins with warnings of meteors that will hit the earth within minutes. What soon becomes clear once shots are fired from the places that the so-called meteors hit is that these are no meteors- but Aliens.More than an Alien based movie, it seemed much more of a war movie in my opinion.After this Alien Invasion Los Angeles becomes one of the last remaining cities in California. Now the focus is on keeping it intact no matter what. It's U.S. Marine Sergeant Nantz who within minutes of resigning is called back on board and assigned to a platoon whose lieutenant is a sharp young man under the name William Martinez who has graduated fresh from school. Although he claims to be at the top of his class there is nothing that can prepare him for the real deal.I walked away thinking that the movie had so much more potential. With actors that were on the brink of being bad actors but not quite there yet- hung somewhere in the middle, and with a story like this to fill out you simply; I would think, can't afford that. With bad dialogue and cliché's the movie is basically a let down, and just full on action. While entertaining surely many will leave remembering not one name, and feeling nothing for any that died or survived. Say what you will but this is always a bad sign. I was not emotionally connected to one character apart from that little boy, and even then just about. Wait for it to come out on DVD I would suggest, and if your overly curious heck go watch it. It's a decent movie IF your into your action in which case " BOYS" will be booking their tickets instantly upon hearing this I suppose, but honestly? Not worth spending your money on. I would recommend you insert your DVD of Saving Private Ryan and appreciate truly amazing cinema at it's best.
평점: 8	리뷰: I'm not sure what other people were watching but I was watching a very entertaining alien invasion movie called Battle: Los Angeles. All I keep reading and hearing is that this movie does not have a great story and that its just like every other alien invasion movie. So what? How much a story do you expect from an alien invasion? The story is that we are being invaded and we have to defend our civilization. Period. Go watch a drama movie if you're looking for a perfect story. If you're looking for a great action packed movie then Battle: Los Angeles is a must see for you.I went into the theater expecting to see aliens blowing everything up, and for humans to attack back with everything we got. I got just that. The movie was loaded with awesome visuals, sounds, and excellent acting. Yes if you look at the cast you might not like some of the names, for example.. Ne-Yo, but he was very well casted for an excellent role is this movie. Michelle Rodriquez and Aaron Eckhart did a awesome job like most of their other movies.I rated this movie 8 out of 10 stars because of one reason. I would of much enjoyed this movie more if they would of shown more of the entire military fighting off this invasion instead of just a group of marines. I'm sure if we were getting invaded by aliens we would have all the branches rolling in for combat. Don't get me wrong I loved watching the Marines kick ass throughout the entire movie and obviously the first ones in would be the Marines but to make a perfect war movie, it would of been more proper to put our entire military into the movie. All in all, this movie was absolutely entertaining. If you're ready for some action, then do not hesitate to go see this movie. Critics should really give this movie much more credit then given. I'm a huge war movie fan and sci-fi. I love Aliens, Avatar, District 9, and Independence Day. This movie is similar in its ways and also different. I would absolutely rate the action in this movie up with those titles.
평점: 2	리뷰: After seeing the original trailer at the cinema's i thought "WOW Battle Los Angeles is gonna be awesome!"...................... How could i be so wrong!If you haven't been to see this film yet, don't!....... wait for its DVD release, which i can imagine wont be too long.If your a big computer gamer or sci-fi fan i feel you could take some pleasure in watching this film. Some of the scene's of the war torn landscape and the odd skirmish make for good watching. However, majority of the dialogue and acting makes you cringe! During some parts of the film i could even feel the audience cringe! When the credits rolled i left the film disappointed, it could have been so much better!
평점: 3	리뷰: Greetings again from the darkness. The downside to being an eternal movie optimist is that the falls can be very hard. I had hopes going in that this could be a sci-fi, alien-invasion, doomsday special effects flick that would deliver a few thrills and chills. Not. So. Much.The two best things I can say about the film are: 1. Aaron Eckhart has a great face for a grizzled Marine. 2. The film is loud. Loud and Noisy. If those don't sound like resounding endorsements, it's because I really, really, really disliked this movie.Aaron Eckhart gives it all he has as the 20 year Marine who has put in for retirement. He also has a somewhat gray mark on his record from his last assignment, where (rumor has it) he was responsible for the death of men in his command. That really ends the depth of the film. Eckhart gets dragged back into active duty when a meteor shower turns out to be an alien invasion.This ludicrous alien invasion is evidently for the earth's water. Somehow these aliens have run out of water on their planet, wherever that may be. They are smart enough for intergalactic travel and drone activity to minimize their own damage during the attack, but they can't figure out how to successfully take over Santa Monica from a hand full of Marines.I found myself laughing on more than one occasion and I am quite sure that director Jonathan Liebsesman and writer Christopher Bertolini had no visions of this being comical. It is supposed to be a blend of Independence Day, Cloverfield and War of the Worlds. It isn't in their league ... and I really didn't care much at all for two of those.Bridget Moynahan, Michael Pena and a couple of kids are tossed in to soften the military slant and try to bring some human touches, but none of it works. Neither does Michelle Rodriguez as ... SURPRISE ... a tough as nails soldier who displays heroic instincts. Seen that before? The aliens look like skinny Transformers. The camera work is god-awful. The special effects range from acceptable to laughable. The dialogue is limited to cool things like "look out", "heads-up", "in here", "that's an order" ...But mostly what this one is successful at is NOISE. Lots of noise. Lots of loud noise. So believe me when I scream ... STAY AWAY!
평점: 9	리뷰: Simply put, this is a great guy movie. My 22 year old nephew and I went to see it and we both loved it. After all, what's not to love? Things blow up almost constantly, and there are only a few minutes during the whole 2 hours that there isn't something either being shot, exploded or burning. If you are worried about character development, plot twists or are looking for a romance film - this is not for you. The characters are perfect for the movie. It's about aliens and the war that happens when they try to take over the world, and specifically LA. Why would you want to waste a lot of time on character development, plot twists or romance in a film about war with extra terrestrials? This film is very much like "Independence Day" in theme. If you like shoot-em-up, blow-em-up, all out non-stop action, this is for you. If you want the other stuff go see a chick flick.
평점: 5	리뷰: If you've seen "Transformers 2: Revenge of the Fallen" and liked it, you'll probably like this movie. This film makes a very blatant declaration that it intends to serve entertainment values, not to win an Oscar award for...well, anything. If you want to be wowed by cinematography and director genius, then undoubtedly the jerky camera in action scenes and recycled "war movie" characters will fall flat.If you're looking for a movie whose sole purpose is to deliver Michael Bay-inspired explosions, gunfire, the occasional cheesy inspirational military speech, then go nuts with this and have fun. This film is, in essence, the movie version of the "Call of Duty: Modern Warfare" line.I mean, HONESTLY, if you're looking for entertainment with military realism in terms of jargon and weaponry, then hey why not. But you're warned from here on that this is NOT a film to watch if you're looking for character development, a gut-wrenching plot, and superb script writing.
평점: 9	리뷰: I found the movie to be superior in nearly every way. From character development to the overall story arc this movie delivered the entire package. Those who call this trite have no idea what they are talking about. The movie just feel 'real'. It pulls the viewer in, grabs hold, and doesn't let go until the very end. I found it to be amazing in nearly every way. I really don't understand why the professional critics are panning this one. It's gritty, in your face, and actually makes sense! Perhaps that's why. Who can say. All I know is I really enjoyed it and will certainly see it again!Go See This Movie!!
평점: 8	리뷰: I read many of the reviews and have to say to those who were disappointed, what did you expect? How many ways can an alien invasion be done and how many ways can it end for earth or for the invaders?? I took my girlfriend to see this movie and if she fell asleep during it, I know that it wasn't good; she falls asleep in a lot of movies! She didn't sleep through this one at all, and I thought it kept the adrenaline going to the end! I liked the shaky camera work, even liked it in Cloverfield, because it gives a realism to the scenes and increases the urgency. The acting, I thought, was great...given the subject matter, characters were quickly developed and then we got to the meat of it...no long drawn out developments with a horrid rush to the end; this movie was well paced.Battle Los Angeles reminded me of the simplicity of the old SciFi invasion movies, like Earth Verses The Flying Saucers, but blended that with great special effects. I also like that the Aliens were very...Alien! If you are looking to get away from your troubles or just not have to do any thinking, this movie will fit your bill. If you are looking for anything much deeper or some new original theme on an alien invasion, well go make one yourself! The rest of us can just sit back and escape for a while,
평점: 8	리뷰: I was expecting something along the lines of 2012, Day After Tomorrow, and other cheesy sci-fi movies that are all visual effects and no substance. I came out of the theater surprised that this was actually an awesome war film. Usually I side with film critics on films, but I believe a majority of them got it wrong. It not only had great visuals, but I felt close to the soldiers and airmen that fought in the film. Granted, I am an airmen myself so that might explain the emotional connection with the characters in the film.My one complaint about the film is probably the dialogue. The lines are pretty cookie cutter at times, but the military terminology appeared to me to be spot on.If you like movies such as Blackhawk Down and War of the Worlds, you'll love this movie. I hope they make sequels to either advance the storyline of the war or show a different perspective from another city like New York.

영화제목: Hugo
평점: 8	리뷰: Saw it today in a sneak preview today at the Director's Guild in LA. James Cameron who was there professed it's a masterpiece and the best 3D to date. And he's right on both fronts. The film is exquisitely crafted. The cinematography and set design is likely going to take home a couple gold guys. It's a film lover's dream movie. As with many of Scorsese's films, it's an inspired film history lesson along side of being a dreamlike children's fable. A really unique combination that will work for the film enthusiasts and discerning family's with kids. Maybe a bit long for broad audiences with very little kids, but the images are so enchanting, it should win over most everybody. Sasha Baron Cohen is a brilliant and hilarious standout as the twitchy constable. It should be very well received just on the 3D alone.
평점: 10	리뷰: I attended the DGA screening over the weekend, followed by a Q&A moderated by James Cameron. Cameron's first words (after correctly referring to Scorsese as "maestro"), were "I thought we'd just geek out over 3D for a half hour, but having seen the movie... it's a masterpiece." I brought my ten year old daughter, who sat -- if anything -- even more transfixed than I did. Every single image is arresting, the use of 3D is perfection itself, the story is engaging and thrilling and heartbreaking and uplifting and I never wanted it to end. If only it'd be three hours! All the performances are excellent, including the kids. Great British actors appear in roles with only a line or two, but it helps lift the movie into the realm of Instant Classic, and Sacha Baron Cohen brings nuance and heart to his humorous role as the Station Inspector. On the way to the car my daughter asked if we could get the blu-ray when it's available, and I had the same feeling as well.
평점: 3	리뷰: There's no denying that 3D has almost never looked this sharp, but there are plenty of films out there where it doesn't call this much attention to itself; it enhances the cosmetic aspect of the film; it hardly does much for the weak adaptation of the novel. In "Hugo", as it is the case in many of the of Scorcese's films, technological improvements throw his film out of balance, and this is the beginning of the many flaws in this project.The art direction and costumes are breathtaking, immersing the audience in the right period, though it has barely any of the charm and magic that made another film set Paris this year so successful. In that other film, all the scenes in the various periods are evocative and involving. Here the experience is as cold as a disorganized display in the best museum. It doesn't have much impact on its audience. Some of the scenery could be an exact imitation of the original inspiration. There were a couple of times when the visuals blend perfectly with a few of the clips that are integrated in the film.The problem is the almost absolute lack of warmth in the various relationships between many of the main characters and the way they are directed in this movie. The young man at the heart of the film feels at time as another piece of furniture in the set. When I walked into the theater, many of the people weren't sure if we were watching an animated film or a live action production because they said the actors looked funny. The feel feels so cold in its adaptation of a very interesting literary piece, a book so charming with its integration of words and its simple black and white adaptation. To be fair it is hard to look away because it is so gorgeous, but at the same time, the disappointment hits hard because this is a film that should relies heavily in the sense of wonder usually associated with children's films and/or young performers. Earlier this year "Super 8" and "Real Steel" benefited immensely from the outstanding work and charisma of their young performers. The Elle Fanning scene in "Super 8" puts everything in this film to shame. Where both of those films project warmth, innocence,and a great variety of emotions, "Hugo" never becomes multidimensional, a big irony, considering its best quality is the nearly perfect 3-D visuals. To make things worse, two other projects involving literacy and story telling, made by Cuaron ("A Little Princess") and Petersen ("The Never Ending Story") have shown that its is possible to blend reality and magic, with the help of the right approach and the appropriate performances.In addition to the lack of emotional magic on the screen, the pacing in "Hugo" is so slow it borders on catatonic, dragging for most of its two hours. We finally arrive to the last third of the film, a place where the film finally comes alive; suddenly, Scorcese pours his heart in the film, using original film clips and beautiful recreations of the original sources from various classic films of early French cinema. These are breathtaking, as they play, one after another, showing us the sense of wonder original audiences must have experienced. Finally, one is almost overpowered as Toto was in several scenes of "Cinema Paradiso" as the director viewed the treasured collage in the final scene of that movie, or as the young protagonist of "A Little Princess" told her magic stories set in exotic India, infused with her own imagination and simple stop motion work. Petersen went even further with the seamless blend of the young man, as he becomes a part of the literary experience, and one realized how powerful the magic in the written word can be. Very little of that exists in "Hugo", a shiny package, with a rock for a heart.Scorcese has done much for the preservation of cinema, and the original source of this film lent itself to a cinematic production to support his cause, but just like Spielberg chooses other people to direct some of his projects, much more could have been achieved by handing this property to a more suited director, a person who understands innocence, wonder, how important it is to get inside the hearts of people, opposed to working with projects where the main characters are notorious for not having one. Rarely Scorcese has shown in his movies any sort of affection for or between his characters, "Alice doesn't live here anymore" is a rare exception, and children in it are a bit on the precocious side. Come to think about it, Law showed much more emotion in "A.I." as he interacted with the marvelous Osment, and both of them were playing automatons.A big disappointment.
