영화제목: X-Men: Apocalypse
평점: 8	리뷰: Overall movie was great Although movie starts a bit slow and i was a little confused and bored but after that the movie finally starts catching up to the expectation.For me this was the best x-men movie because this movie has the best action sequences as compared to any other x-men movie with a great story and emotion(not as good as days of future past but who cares its a superhero movie) .and QUICKSILVER WASSS AWESOMEEEEE .I can literally watch the movie again just because of quicksilver.I never thought they could top the X-Men: Days of Future Past action(or comedy) scene but they did.Acting of all the cast members were awesome and James McAvoy,Michael Fassbender & Jennifer Lawrence knocked it out the park.I don't understand the critics , I never did.(sound's similar to superman's mom in BvS that was in the trailer :P)Movie the great and I can't wait to watch it again.
평점: 10	리뷰: Okay, this is already the fourth superhero film we have gotten so far this year. The fact that it's this good blows my mind, it's the sixth entry in the main X-Men series, and it might be the third best after X2 and Days of Future Past. Oscar Isaac gives an outstanding performance as the mutant menace: Apocalypse, he was the highlight of the film right next to Fassbender's Magneto (who never fails to deliver). In a year with pathetic and disappointing superhero film villains so far, Apocalypse gives us the layered and threatening performance we want from our villains. Evan Peters returns as Quicksilver once more to give us an amazing scene that tops the one from Days of Future Past. The newcomers are fantastic and exciting and we will certainly see them again in the future. They also finally got Cyclops right! Forget about Rotten Tomatoes and go see this film opening weekend, you won't regret!
평점: 10	리뷰: I am horrified by the people on the message boards here on this movie's threads. They're fighting each other like a bunch of hungry animals. Since when does everyone started listening to the critics? I mean, yes, to have an idea before watching a movie is good, but that's not the case these days. Critics are taking movies way too seriously these days. It's just a source of entertainment. Your life does not depend on it. Stop bad mouthing this movie for others. Okay, sorry for my rant but this has gotten out of control. Now getting back to the movie, let's just say it delivered what it promised. This movie was amazing. It really felt like you were watching something Apocalyptic. Although I don't have had a problem with Bryan Singer's X Men movies, unlike a bunch of whiny babies, this one actually felt like it was an X Men movie. A sheer resemblance of what we saw in X Men cartoons, both evolution and the 1990 ones. We actually saw the main characters of this movie in their mutant form. I have loved how Bryan always preferred acting over action in his other movies, but this one, it consists of both. I have also seen critics saying that this movie is complete CGI. Well it's not like you can do actual Apocalyptic level scenes without having any CGI effects. That's just crazy. And the CGI in this movie is beyond awesome. I already smell an Oscar for CGI for this movie. Oscar Isaac was so impressive in this movie. Even though he was buried under make up and what not, you could actually feel his performance. Michael and James once again give awesome performances. Expected nothing less from Jennifer Lawrence. At least these movies actually give spotlight to the female actresses *cough* *Marvel* *cough*. The new actors were great. So talented. Tye, Sophie, Alexandra, Kodi and of course Evan Peters were all good in their respective roles. This movie might feel a different because of it's whole world at stake thing. This is the first time X Men has done this, and they succeed really good at it. It had a perfect balance of action, humor, emotion and mutants. It was like watching a live action version of those X Men cartoons we grew up watching. Once again, please dear my friends, who would love to see these guys in MCU, it's not happening anytime soon. Let's just get over it, okay? The producer of these movies has already announced a bunch of new movies under Fox. There are X Men TV shows coming out soon, so let us enjoy these while you guys enjoy yours okay?
평점: 6	리뷰: Warning, I will be posting spoilers because I feel I can only review this movie properly by telling talking about everything. So if you don't want spoilers, then please don't read this.Again...don't read this if you don't want spoilers...Firstly, the returning cast of McAvoy, Fassbender, Lawrence and Hoult are cool. They don't really have in depth character journeys but they do well with what they were given. Magneto's reasoning for joining Apocalypse was a bit ham fisted. Taking him back to Auschwitz as a way to manipulate him into getting on board with a human annihilation plan didn't make much sense. I know Magneto is ruthless but that's a kind of dramatic. I like how Raven is saving mutants but I don't understand why she doesn't want to be the "poster child" for mutants. Her entire arc in First Class was being a "mutant and proud", after being insecure over her appearance and now she can spread that message but chooses not to. It kind of contradicts her character. There isn't much to say about Beast and Charles, they are good but don't really shine in this movie. Although, it was great seeing McAvoy with the iconic bald head.I definitely feel like this movie suffered from having too many characters. Singer just couldn't balance it. I feel like you cant bring iconic character to screen and have them be props, or just there for cool effects and action scene. If you want to do that, its best if you make up characters. My point is Psylocke barely has any lines and just makes the weird face throughout the whole movie. I feel like all her "great" moments are in the trailers, so she was underwhelming. It definitely shows that she was a last minute edition to the movie because her character is terribly under developed. Angel is another prop, although his final fight scene with Nightcrawler is pretty dope. Jubilee did not need to be in this movie. She didn't even use her powers. Not ONCE. But Cyclops introduction was good and a great nod to comics/cartoons. Jean Grey was cool and Storm was wasted as always. She did have her accent, however she didn't have much to do and in the final battle just stood around.Apocalypse I feel was a wasted villain. Since the comics, he's always had a survival of the fittest mentality but I feel like they needed to elaborate more on his reasoning for wanting to destroy the Earth. And like, what's gonna happen after we destroy the world? Secondly, you can't touch a television in the 1980s and have all of the knowledge of the world for the past 5000 years. Maybe now, with he internet but in the 80s....definitely not, that was stupid. I think this was a wasted villain and the final battle was a bit underwhelming, minus some cool visual moments. I, also, am wondering what would make Mystique think that she could take down Apocalypse? Weird.I know it seems like I'm ragging on the movie, it definitely had some cool, interesting, funny moments but I feel like the cons outweigh the pros. Quicksilver's scene definitely tops the one from DOFP. But I thought it was so convenient for him to arrive at the school at the moment Apocalypse was destroying the mansion. Also, why the hell did they kill Havok. After, three movies they just didn't let him be great. Total was of a character.This movie is not a bad movie. Some of the critics are definitely being dramatic, but I feel like this film suffers from trying to top itself and rival other superhero franchises like Superman and Civil War. I'm glad that it contains a lot more action than previous X-Men movies and I'm glad that Fox is trying to embrace the science fiction aspect of these stories, but it just falls short to me. I do have a lot more complaints but I will keep those to myself. Of course, I will never tell anyone to not see a movie. I think you should see for yourself to form your own opinion, this review is just my personal experience in words.Anyone who gives this movie a 1 is just being dramatic and knit picking. But anyone who rates this movie a 10 is just trying to battle the terrible reviewers instead of being realistic and honest. Lastly, I don't want the X-Men to go back to Marvel (as great as that would be), I think the X- Men should stay it's own universe. However, I do think the franchise suffers because of the creatives that handle bringing it to life. Kinberg and Singer should just leave this franchise alone and allow some fresh hands/eyes to take these movies to the next level. Even with DOFP erasing some continuity issues, they just bring more issues into the franchise that make your head twirl.OMG....last thing, i promise. The wolverine sequence was cool and fun to watch. But it just wasn't needed at all. That entire scene should have been the post credits. Speaking of post credits, it's nice to know that Mister Sinister exists in this universe. I guess I'm anxious to see which movie he will be a villain in; Deadpool sequel, New Mutants or the next X-men film.
평점: 2	리뷰: To tell you upfront, I always loved the X-Men series (just the films, never read the comics). Was also a big fan of Days of Future Past who has the same writer and director. But Apocalypse, what a sad mess. Making all the mistakes I hate about many recent action adventure movies. Compare the scene of Eric Lensherr in Auschwitz (X-Men: First Class) with the scene of Eric in Auschwitz in this new entry of the X-Men saga, and you might understand what I mean. When you start destroying cities, or most of the earth, you are drained of any connection. Bad guy Apocalypse is so powerful, you wonder all the way why does he need Charles to succeed with his evil plan. Too many characters not interacting until the end of the movie, with odd pacing and scenes obviously not cut in the order of the screenplay even the makers seem to have lost the overview of all the story lines. Also it gets harder and harder to connect the Prequels with the first Trilogy, even though Days of Future Past changed everything anyhow, especially The Last StandIn the end you must agree with Jean Grey (Sophie Turner is one of the few discoveries for me, since I have never seen Game of Thrones) who claims "At least we can agree the third part is always the worst" leaving a screening of Return of the Jedi. This pun directed at the The Last Stand (and one of the very few gags working, in the first X-Men entry drained of all humor) unfortunately also holds true for X-Men: Apocalypse, the third entry of the First Class trilogy.
평점: 4	리뷰: For once I agree with the critics, this movie was SO boring and confusing. It has the same old story and it was not exciting at all, civil war was much better and so was batman vs superman. Some things were good but it was filled with many different flaws and some things in the movie did not make any sense. Till now I have been pretty disappointed with superhero movies such as b v s , civil war and now this. Lets hope that suicide squad does any good. This movie was boring , confusing and did not have a different story line like civil war.The effects in the movie were very good and on point but other than that I did not like this movie
평점: 10	리뷰: The movie gave everything I expected from it, and more.Action? Check.Drama? Check.Funny moments and scenes? HUGE check. (still laughing when replying in my mind! :))Unlike many who watched the pre-premiere, I'm not a groupie of the X-men series, but still enjoyed each and every minute.Reading other reviews, looks like it's a good thing I'm not a groupie, because that means I don't have to stop and think about every action in the movie. I could just sit back, watch with clear mind, and enjoy.All in all, just fun to watch. 140 minutes that end with a desire for 140 more.
평점: 5	리뷰: Before Apocalypse unleashes the end of the world, there is a moment when the gifted youngsters of Professor Charles Xavier's school for mutants sneak out to the cinema to see 'Return of the Jedi'. Following a debate which of the original 'Star Wars' films is the best, a teenage Jean Grey gets the final word with the following remark: "Well, at least we can all agree, the third one is always the worst". Though clearly intended as a dig at Brett Ratner's oft-criticised 'The Last Stand', it is an equally prescient remark about the third superhero-versus-superhero showdown of this year, a loud, empty, overblown CGI-fest that possesses not the depth or excitement of the eminently superior 'Captain America: Civil War' nor even the grand operatic ambition of the flawed 'Batman v Superman: Dawn of Justice'.As promising as it may be to underscore the ideological divide among the mutants of waging war or making peace by introducing an all- powerful deity meant to be the first of their kind, that premise never quite comes to fruition here. Aside from world domination (which pretty much sums up describes what every other comic book villain is after), there is no purpose or motivation to Apocalypse's plan to scorch everything on the planet. Try though Oscar Isaac does, the usually charismatic actor struggles to bring much conviction to his character's monologues about restoring the strong in their rightful place atop society, not least because the actor is buried under slathered-on makeup, facial prosthetics and a costume that would make Thanos embarrassed.Seeing as how Apocalypse proves to be a disappointingly generic villain, it once again falls to James McAvoy's Charles Xavier and Michael Fassbender's Magneto/ Erik Lensherr to provide the dramatic conflict on which the showdown between good and evil is based. And yet that tension between Charles' man of reason and hope versus Magneto's darker impulses has been fought so many times that it feels familiar and undercooked here, especially considering how its immediate predecessor had fleshed out the same complex relationship out so much more beautifully.That essentially reduces 'Apocalypse' to yet another superhero round- up much like the first 'X-Men' or 'X-Men: First Class', and so, for the first hour, we are introduced to newcomers Tye Sheridan's laser- sighted Scott Summers a.k.a. Cyclops, Sophie Turner's telekinetic Jean Grey and Teutonic teleporter Kurt Wagner a.k.a. Nightcrawler (Kodi Smit-McPhee). They will eventually join forces with 'First Class' regulars Mystique (Jennifer Lawrence) and Hank McCoy a.k.a. Beast (Nicholas Hoult) to go head to head with Apocalypse's 'Four Horsemen' recruits – weather-controller Storm (Alexandra Shipp), energy- manipulator Psylocke (Olivia Munn), flight-enabled Angel (Ben Hardy) and last but not least, Magneto. News about the latter will also prompt the son he doesn't yet know about, Quiksilver (Evan Peters), to enlist in Professor Xavier's school, where he will put his fleet- footed powers to save all the students within from an explosion ripping the building apart.Given how that sequence set to Eurythmics' period-appropriate synth- jam 'Sweet Dreams' is by and large an exact copy of the crowdpleasing scene-stealing sequence in 'Days of Future Past', there is more than a nagging suspicion that director Bryan Singer (who marks his fourth 'X- Men' outing with this movie) has pretty much run out of ideas. As if compensating for an attention-deficit audience, Singer and his screenwriter Simon Kinberg cut from subplot to subplot without ever letting their audience get involved in any one storyline or character. Even though the 'X-Men' movies have always been an ensemble, Singer has always grounded them in their struggles to emerge from wealth or poverty, acceptance or rejection, confidence or self-hatred; yet this latest dumbs down their humanity in favour of pure spectacle, which proves an ultimately foolhardy choice in this era where there are just too many superheroes fighting for our attention.Even as a superhero slugfest, the action is frankly disappointing. It says a lot when Quiksilver's cheeky slo-mo turns out to be the highlight of a film that promises no less than the end of the world. At any and every opportunity, every other character reminds us of what is at stake, but the large-scale catastrophe consists of nothing more than unimpressive shots of capital cities (including New York, Sydney and Cairo) reduced to swirling CGI-dust with little sense of tragedy or consequence. The climax itself is packed with plenty of sound and fury, but comes off shockingly dull. Rather than have the Horsemen take apart the good guys as a team, Singer splits the fight into a series of mini-skirmishes that hardly do the characters or their superpowers justice. By the time Apocalypse (finally) steps into the fray after a way-too-long buildup, the battle has shifted into his mind (which, as we suspect, turns out to be pretty blank), but that change of setting barely unleashes any creative possibility for Singer to think out of this world.And coming off 'Days of Future Past', 'Apocalypse' is undoubtedly a tragic letdown. There are so many characters that even Charles and Magneto become no more than supporting acts, their perennial disagreement treated as an afterthought than the dramatic dynamo of the film. The titular villain may seem like great potential as an antagonist, but ends up vague, underwhelming and insignificant. And most notably, what used to be potent allegory about the civil rights movement or coming out in the LGBT community has now been diminished to standard, sometimes sub-standard, superhero melee, so much so that it even fails to make good use of its vibrant 1980s setting except for a couple of recognisable tunes. It may not be the apocalypse of the 'X-Men' franchise, but this dreadfully boring and derivative entry could very well portent its end.
평점: 7	리뷰: It was everything I hoped it would be. Awesome action sequences, stunning picture, funny scenes, cool Easter eggs/references. Apocalypse wasn't as bad as I thought he would be. He was actually OK.If you thought they could not top Quicksilver's awesome scene from Days of Future Past, get ready for a treat because his scenes were amazing. Marvel, you should get a few lessons on how to make a proper Quicksilver from Fox. Sophie Turner was really good as Jean and I think we finally have a bad-ass Cyclops. Saw it last night and I will probably go see it a few more times. Lets hope there will be more X-Men movies with this cast.
평점: 9	리뷰: X-Men: Apocalypse is absolutely amazing! The early reviewers don't seem to understand these characters and they don't understand this film. It sets a new precedent for comic book films in a world over-saturated with adaptations.The film hits every nostalgic and aesthetic beat it's supposed to without devolving into pure fan service. The writing is great. The allegory the mutant plight is for civil rights is given its due screen time. The characterization of the superheroes goes beyond their powers and outfits and at least touches the heart of who they are as people. Its main fault is juggling so many characters and so some of the acting comes off as stilted at times. In a way this is also its strength, because it manages to tell a coherent and compelling narrative with a large ensemble cast of characters, emulating the source material faithfully. It is a comic book fan's film.The action scenes are epic in scope, with stakes so high you'll be on the edge of your seat with you eyes transfixed on the action, yet never does the pacing sacrifice plot or character development for obligatory spectacle. Everything is purposefully sensational.As someone who was born in the 80s and experienced these characters' evolution through popular culture onto the big screen, I can say that X-Men: Apocalypse brings the flavor of the comics and the 90s TV show to the big screen in a way that children of the 80s and 90s love.
평점: 10	리뷰: I went to see this movie in London for the screening event and it was awesome. Got to see the actors and it was spectacular! I loved it and this is perhaps the most X-Men movie ever (spoiler: we finally get to see Jean tapping into the Phoenix Force!!! And we also get to see some colorful costumes in the end) the reviews are mixed but watch this movie and enjoy the ride!) The actors brought their a-game although Olivia Munn and Ben hardy aren't given much. However their action sequences makes it up for what they lack when it comes down to dialogue. James McAvoy and Michael Fassbender are fantastic as always. Oscar Isaac and Jennifer Lawrence are somewhat okay but not wasted! The new kids on the X-Mansion are great and hopefully the next movie will explore their personalities. Each kid shines on their own and fans won't be disappointed. 10/10
평점: 5	리뷰: It's hard to fault anyone for approaching X-Men: Apocalypse with optimism. 20th Century Fox has consistently failed the Fantastic Four, but they've had a better track record in recent years with Marvel's mutants. We've been #blessed with Bryan Singer's Days Of Future Past, a brainy, bold thrill ride that uses its myriad characters to excellent effect in telling a time-twisted tale of doom and well, apocalypse. Tim Miller's snarky, wacky Deadpool proved without a doubt that the studio is willing to take a risk on a cult property and let it explode all over the silver screen, rather than neuter it out of hand. With Singer back on board and a top-notch cast, hopes are understandably high for the cataclysmic confrontation suggested by the title of this latest entry in the X- Men franchise.We're even promised the holy grail of X-Men villains: ancient mutant Apocalypse (Oscar Isaac, buried under too many layers of make-up and prosthetics). This righteous blue-hued dude, with his huge but poorly defined power-set, is an iconic antagonist for our band of superheroes in the comics: he's been known to lay waste to Earth in the past, present and future. In Singer's incarnation, Apocalypse's four Horsemen include wing-tipped Angel (Ben Hardy); weather witch Storm (Alexandra Shipp); energy-blade-wielding Psylocke (Olivia Munn); and a bitter, broken Magneto/Erik Lensherr (Michael Fassbender). It's up to Professor Charles Xavier (James McAvoy) and his X-Men – superpowered students that include younger versions of uber-powerful Jean Grey (Sophie Turner) and Cyclops/Scott Summers (Tye Sheridan) – to stop Apocalypse from claiming the entire world for himself. Along the way, shape-shifter Raven/Mystique (Jennifer Lawrence) must decide just how she can best contribute to the mutant cause in which she so firmly believes. Here's the thing: keep your expectations low – lower – lowest – and X-Men: Apocalypse may just pass muster. This is a cookie-cutter blockbuster, sliced and diced together with more efficiency than heart. It dutifully ticks boxes as it chugs along: Apocalypse recruits his acolytes. Magneto loses his heart and soul (again). Charles and Raven discuss and disagree on tactics. Superheroes face off. It's all strung together with several sequences of world- destroying action, filmed in true Roland Emmerich style. Devotees of both the movies and the comics will find things to enjoy: a twitchy, endearing young Nightcrawler (Kodi Smit-McPhee), who looks very much like a demon but is deeply devout; another deeply amusing explosion of special effects as fan favourite Quicksilver (Evan Peters) zips through a hilarious rescue mission; and an already publicised cameo by Wolverine (Hugh Jackman) that will drive fans berserk.But think a little harder or poke at its shaky plot, and X-Men Apocalypse falls apart quite readily. The truth is that much of this film is neither inspired nor inspiring. It's okay, for the most part, but it's never great, and barely ever good. Simon Kinberg's script is a limp affair, recycling bits that worked better in other movies in the franchise but breaking very little new ground. The stakes are insanely high, but the threat never feels genuine – a feeling that is only reinforced by the clumsy and anti-climactic way in which the final showdown takes place. Can we say deus ex machina? Yes, we can.The character work that lends so much emotion and power to earlier installments like First Class and Days Of Future Past is missing here too. Too much of the story relies on emotional connections that aren't established too well, and which can only be supplied by the viewers themselves. The film meanders without much purpose through its many relationships, staging a series of first meetings or reunions that basically amount to: Jean and Cyclops meet cute! Charles and Moira MacTaggert (Rose Byrne) meet cute! Raven and Hank McCoy (Nicholas Hoult) meet cute! But very little of it sparks to life, and there's a troubling disregard for female agency, too, that fuels Magneto's entire emotional arc in this film. We're also told why Moira disappeared in between films, but she's not given any time to forgive what she has had to forget. At least Singer's cast does good work with what little they are given. As a re-energised Charles, McAvoy is as appealing and charming as ever. Fassbender remains a gift to the franchise: he imbues Erik with the perfect blend of heartbreak and hatred, which serves as a potent reminder of why he makes a far better antagonist than the automaton-on-evil-autopilot that is Apocalypse. In the context of the film, Lawrence delivers a decent performance. But it's still hard to shake the feeling that she's miscast in the role, with her explosive star power prompting the filmmakers to transform Raven into someone pretty much unrecognisable to comic readers. In just eight years, the genre that was once treated as the difficult bastard stepchild of the movie industry has come fully into its own. It's only May and we've already seen three superhero films hit cinemas – Captain America: Civil War: excellent; Deadpool: awesome; Batman v Superman: awful. This latest installment in the X- Men franchise falls on neither extreme. It displays a couple of flashes of brilliance, but not enough to drag it out from the uncomfortable middle ground of mediocrity it occupies. Here's hoping Singer (if he signs on to direct) and Kinberg find their footing again with the inevitable follow-up to X-Men: Apocalypse – we've already been told that it will be set in the '90s, with a rather obscure end-credits scene teasing just where the franchise will go next.

영화제목: American Hustle
평점: 9	리뷰: 'American Hustle'. A amazingly entertaining and engaging experience. A successful (in my opinion) juxtaposition of art and entertainment. A wonderfully acted and directed film.Full disclosure: I loved both 'The Fighter' and 'Silver Linings Play', plus the cast are some of my favourite actors working in motion pictures today. So, I went in with a bias and a high level of anticipation for this film. This can sometimes work against you as a viewer as your expectations are too higher and you are disappointed with the results.I can say that I was not disappointed and absolutely loved the film. People take different experiences and sensibilities with them when they see movies, and mine led me to be engaged and empathetic towards the characters. Their story interested me and I came out of the cinema thoroughly enjoying myself.My only criticism is that it felt it lacked a little something with story. After seeing the film I did read that a lot of the film was improvised and Christian Bale commented to David O'Russell that this would change the story. His response was that he cared about the characters more than the story (paraphrasing). On reflection this is evident as the characters and acting are first class.I by no means acclaim this to be a perfect movie or the best movie ever made, but it worked for me. I loved it!
평점: 9	리뷰: The 'based on a true story' we so often see at the beginning of a film has been a recurring Bête Noire of mine for some considerable time. I have argued before that the licence it gives to film-makers is open to the widest interpretation. It is a specious use of language. It allows writer and director to re-frame events, dissemble, misrepresent people, and, if challenged on points of veracity, hide behind the fact that it was never claimed to be a truthful recall.The Butler was one of the biggest culprits in 2013. This film was based on THE true story rather than A true story - whatever the difference of the definite article might imply. The only problem was that most of the major events portrayed in the life of Cecil Gaines never happened – his mother's rape; his father's murder; his son in the Black Panthers; his son killed on active service in Vietnam. All poppycock.So David O. Russell's wonderful American Hustle had me on-side from the outset with its tongue in cheek advice at the film's beginning that 'Some of this actually happened'.Set in the 1970s, Irving Rosenfeld (Christian Bale) is a con man skilled at depriving the needy from cash they can ill afford to lose. Not wishing to restrict his activities to the lower socio-economic demograph, he sells forged art works to the well-heeled as a lucrative sideline. Joining him in these activities is the seductive erstwhile stripper, Sydney Prosser (Amy Adams), who poses as a royalty-connected member of the British aristocracy to give the operation some class. Their ill-gotten trade is broken by federal agent Richie DiMaso (Bradley Cooper) who then turns the couple in order to ensnare corrupt politicians on the take whom he wishes to expose and incarcerate in furtherance of his career. DiMaso's inordinate ambition is hampered only by his lack of tactical nous as he has to rely ever more on the wily Rosenfeld.American Hustle is a grand success at nearly every level.The ensemble cast appears to be without a weakness: Christian Bale, with a heavy paunch and comical comb-over, always suggests that he is far more in control then he is letting on; Amy Adams, about whom I was scathing as the demure Lois Lane in Man of Steel, is pitch perfect as the cleavage-showing Siren oozing sex appeal – her ability to separate salivating men from their dollars was all too believable; Bradley Cooper with another comical hairstyle, this time a tight-knit perm, clearly enjoyed his role as the obsessive and flawed FBI man; Jeremy Renner as the well-meaning Mayor, Carmine Polito, (collateral damage in Cooper's crusade) came across as an oily and cheesy lounge singer as a reminder of an era before professional spin doctors homogenised the political class; Jennifer Lawrence as Bale's trailer trash and manipulative wife, aware of the lien she holds over her estranged husband, gave a fantastic performance of tragic comedy. An uncredited cameo from Robert De Niro exuding septuagenarian menace was the cake icing.Direction from David O. Russell was consistently fast-paced with no lulls in its 138 minutes and without ever being confusing. The cinematography and editing were first rate.It would be nit-picking to mention that the excellent 70s soundtrack was occasionally just a little overblown.But what raises American Hustle well over the bar is its screenplay from David O. Russell and Eric Warren Singer. Humorous throughout, the film has several laugh out loud moments while also delivering both dramatic impact and thought provoking concepts. As Christian Bale becomes ever more ambivalent about what he is being forced to do, he very deftly leads the audience to share his growing but tacit realisation that sometimes an end can very much justify the means. That the film is bound to have a final twist is never in doubt. If, when it comes, it is not totally innovative or unsurprising, quite frankly – who cares? The producers of American Hustle can start hiring the limos for Oscar night.
평점: 9	리뷰: American Hustle is built as the 2013 revival of classic Scorsese gangster pictures like Goodfellas and Casino, but without the gangsters. It has the plot twists, the plethora of pop tunes, the conniving characters, the backstabbings, the high life, the low life, the disgruntled females merciless attached to crooked husbands, the stranded children, and so on. But it's new. Fresh out of the oven. Baked with wonderful performances and tight scriptwriting. And it has characters who inhabit the story and make it their own.The movie begins in medias res, with two con men -- and one con lady -- attempting to buy out a Jersey mayor. There's a lovely opening shot of Irving Rosenfeld (Christian Bale, almost unrecognisable) carefully and painstakingly combing over his thinning strands of hair. This scene reminded me very much of the opening of Richard Linklater's Bernie, where a plump but serene mortician played by Jack Black joyfully lectures a scarce hall of students on the process of embalming. It's a slow scene, maybe too slow to open up a movie, but we are never bored, because we are given insight to a skill that we've never seen before, or don't know much about. It's the same with this scene. I've never seen anyone cover up bald. It's always bald being uncovered; wigs and toupees accidentally being ripped off, or blown away by strong winds. The scene also informs us that Irving is a certain kind of character.After jumping to a series of flashbacks, in which the history between Irving and his long-time girlfriend Sydney (Amy Adams, almost unrecognisable without her makeup) is revealed to have blossomed over a shared love of Duke Ellington, the plot begins proper. Irving and Sydney -- now posing as a wealthy British banker named Edith -- have been arrested by Richie (Bradley Cooper, fully recognisable despite his hairdo), an ambitious FBI agent who thinks he has the wit and skill to take down corrupt congressmen and casino gangsters with flimsy, ill-conceived plans. He ropes Irving and Sydney into his little schemes, and soon has them taking on an entire network of illegal tradesmen.Caught in the middle are two people: Mayor Carmine Polito (Jeremy Renner), and Irving's wife Rosalyn (Jennifer Lawrence). Carmine is the mayor whom the trio wanted to con at the start of the movie. He becomes integral to the plot when Irving develops a friendship with him. Do I tell him that I've been conning him all along, and that my innocent little scheme might get him arrested in front of his wife and six children? Or do I stay quiet, maintain the friendship, and face my conscience alone? What he does, I will not say.Rosalyn is an interesting character. Yes, she skirts dangerously close to the Sharon Stones and Lorraine Braccos of the old Scorsese pictures, but Jennifer Lawrence is able to lift her away from them by being more grounded. Stone always seemed to operate on her own terms in Casino. She was a third wheel, functioning outside of the overall story. Here, Rosalyn is fully aware of the situation at hand. She's right smack in the middle of the story. She doesn't love Irving. Irving doesn't love her. But they both love their son, and Rosalyn doesn't want a divorce tarnishing her solid family marital integrity. But she knows that the love festering in the household is only producing toxic fumes. Where her character goes is a place best kept hidden.And then there's a mix of other secondary characters, including perhaps the best cameo I've seen (not because of the cameo itself, but because of the meaning of the cameo). All of them dip in and out of this intelligent story with impact. Why, even Richie's boss, Stoddard Thorsen (Louis C.K.), is a lovely guy. He provides much of the movie's humour, and there is much of it. Director David O. Russell has said that his goal with American Hustle was to focus on the characters instead of the plot. Indeed, what a good decision. It's a rare moment when not a single character seems out of place. They complement each other, whether they're kissing, punching, clawing, or scratching. And they share so much chemistry that you could select any two of them at random, chuck them into an empty room, and watch them chatter till their throats went dry.I attended a screening of this movie in Mandurah, which is a lovely place. The cinema had maybe nine other patrons (weird, considering it was opening day). I'd been to Mandurah a few times before, and I watched The Counselor there. That was a poor movie, but the screening was smooth, which is more than I can say for the screening of this film. With about 15 minutes to go, the video jammed and stuttered slowly to a halt. It's the first time I've seen digital video jam. And it couldn't have happened at a worse time. The projectionist eventually rectified the problem, but I had already been sucked out of the moment. That's a pity, because American Hustle was shaping up to be one of the best movies of the year. You know what? Screw it. It still is.
평점: 10	리뷰: American Hustle, starring Christian Bale, Amy Adams and Bradley Cooper, is about two con artists forced into working for an FBI agent as he pushes the two into a world of New Jersey mafia. Directed by David O. Russell, the director who brought you Silver Linings Playbook and The Fighter, American Hustle is most probably Russell's best movie he's ever put together.American Hustle is set in the late 1970's - early 1980's, revolving around the Abscam scandal, where FBI agents and con artists would join together to take down politics for illegal cash. The casting and acting is brilliant. You couldn't really picture anybody else playing the characters that have been casted. Each actor gets their own chance to shine in the spotlight, and nobody is left out. Jennifer Lawrence blows everybody away once again - she really is a rising star in the industry with her performance as Rosalyn Rosenfeld. This might be Bradley Cooper's best movie so far as well - he really brings his A-Game for the movie as Richie DiMaso.The movie has cleavage, drugs, money, quirkiness, great actors, comedy, drama and lesbian kisses which makes for an amazing and unbeatable combination. Five losers who all think they are winners, American Hustle is up there with great movies like Goodfellas, but is definitely an original creation. Acting: 10/10 Writing: 10/10Directing: 9/10Setting: 9/10Overall Rating: 9.5
평점: 4	리뷰: Let me say at the outset that I am at odds with the majority of critics and IMDb reviewers to date in that I thought that American Hustle was an ordinary movie. It's not that I didn't want to enjoy it. I really like Christian Bale and Amy Adams, I think that Jennifer Lawrence is destined to become the best actress of her generation and I like Bradley Cooper, Jeremy Renner and Robert de Niro. From a cast level, I wanted it to succeed.Perhaps my mistake was in viewing it as a drama. True, there were some humorous lines but I thought that essentially the movie aimed at the dramatic, with some violent scenes adding weight to that view. Now I find out from the Golden Globe nominations that it was a musical or comedy. (The soundtrack was good, so maybe the nominators have viewed it as a musical??)Seriously, though, I was expecting more action. I thought that the movie was too long and some scenes were far too tedious, and as a result I became bored. In addition, I didn't much care what happened to any of the seedy characters, which added to my level of apathy.I am out of step with the majority, as I have admitted, but I felt that the alternative view deserved to be aired.
평점: 7	리뷰: this review might contain spoilers, you have been warned!!! (no big ones that would ruin your life though) :)so i decided to watch this movie last night with a friend and i had previously read some reviews before the movie started about how good this film is, so i though i might watch it and find out myself. American hustle is about 2 con artists Irving Rosenfeld (Christian bale) Sydney Prosser (Amy Adams) being caught red handed and are forced to work for a wild FBI agent, Richie DiMaso (Bradley cooper).The film is alright and is not alright in are lot of areas, the acting is absolutely superb with Christian bales perfect role of Irving Rosenfeld and Bradley coopers Richie DiMaso. unfortunately Amy Adams didn't play as well as i thought she would in this film and Jennifer Lawrence was so out of place in this film, although with that said she did play her part quit well throughout the film as the wife to Christian bale. And Jeremy renner did a great job as the mayor.the film lacks progression (it didn't make it clear, at all) the film starts out perfectly, but about half way/ three quarters the way through you'll find yourself very confused with whats going on and lost within the plot of the story. its not until the end that it kind of makes sense with a twist that is good but is confusing because you were already lost within the story itself which kind of ruins the ending a bit to be honest. although upon a second viewing of the film I'm sure my opinion would have changed. American hustle defiantly did not live up to my expectations and i think that the film is overrated at this time with a rating of 85/100 on meta critic. i will also be very disappointed in the academy if this film wins any awards other than acting and screenplay.so with the brilliant acting and alright story the film deserves a ✭✭✭1/2
평점: 7	리뷰: Director David O. Russell's new film American Hustle (originally titled American Bullshit) is hilarious chaos. It captures some of the same manic energy as Silver Linings Playbook, mostly through its stunning performances, but it is also scattered in its narrative and storytelling. Some people have compared the film to the style of Scorsese's crime work, like Goodfellas. I don't think it has the precision of that film but what it excels at is a very engaging character study of a criminal network of people, determined to be far more than what they are. Though it is set in the 1970s, the characterisations of its con artist characters and its dialogue quips about the state of the economy forge meaningful parallels to the post- GFC climate of America today. Beneath its sometimes messy and undisciplined narrative is a crime-comedy about the ugly side of the American Dream: greed, status and self-importance. Christian Bale features as Irving Rosenfeld, a conman who runs a laundromat but is also ripping people off with a money lending business and art forgery. He lives away from his young, crazy wife Rosalyn (Jennifer Lawrence) and their son and instead he finds himself in a relationship with his mistress Sydney (Amy Adams). Sydney used to be an exotic dancer but wants to be something more and uses a false English accent to scam people. When they're busted by the police they're put to work by a hyperactive FBI agent Richie (Bradley Cooper) who wants to work a big operation and bring down a corrupt politician in Mayor Carmine Polito (Jeremy Renner), who is intent on rebuilding Atlantic City. Yet the operation grows increasingly dangerous and elaborate, leading to the involvement of a fake Sheik (played by Michael Pena), who is actually Mexican and speaks minimal Arabic, and a dangerous gangster (Robert De Niro in a fun cameo role). One of the attractions of the overloaded but witty script by the director himself and co-writer Eric Singer is that it is never short on insight into the motives of the characters and unifying these ideas into a theme of personal ambition. As a boy, Irving would smash windows so that he would generate business for his father's windows business, showing the legacy of unethical financial viability in his life. Also significant to his character is a long opening sequence where in the present he is fat and balding and he spends a great amount of time adjusting his hair piece and combing it so that he has the appearance of a much tidier man. It is metaphorical for not just the deceptiveness of his business practices but the way other character's posture too. The dialogue characterises them as not only ambitious but conscious of the power of perception and the way people believe what they want to believe in reaching their dreams. Both the characters of Amy Adams and Bradley Cooper also strive to improve their lives too. Adams is shown briefly as a stripper, which instils a blind, single-mindedness that her scam work will provide a higher status and true happiness. She powerfully tells Irving: "You're nothing to me until you're everything". Cooper's character Richie is a loopy control freak. He is engaged and still lives at home with his mother, determining his motives for wanting to stage an elaborate heist so that he can be famous and earn a promotion. The one character who seems comfortable with themselves is Jennifer Lawrence's Rosalyn, but this is another form of blindness because she is manic, irresponsible and rash, which welcomes some delicious scenes where her unpredictable behaviour threatens to derail some of the missions. Yet there is also a poignant moment where she begs someone not to hurt Irving as he is still the father of her son. The film only needed some trimming in how it presents a lot of this information. Parts of the narrative are flabby and convoluted and the exposition rushed. The film is also too long, with several montages padding out the running time to over two hours, while a surprise end twist emerges from nowhere. David O. Russell relies dominantly on voice over in the early portions of the film to flesh out the motives and character attractions so important contextual details and exposition points, like the flashbacks to their pasts, are hastily drawn. Fortunately, when David O. Russell focuses the camera on the faces of the actors he draws career best performances from them. Both Bale and Bradley Cooper have hysterical verbal sparring contests and maximise their screen time with delicious comic energy that is so infectious and fun to watch and listen to. Their dialogue is frequently hilariously and demonstrates sharp comic timing. Under his dark aviator sunglasses, Bale also injects subtle, internalised moments of remorse when he realises he will be destroying Carmine's family. Amy Adams and Jennifer Lawrence both bring forcefulness to their roles, generating a tornado of hysteria and comedy to some scenes that is on occasions electrifying and tense. Lawrence's presence and ability to hold a scene almost singularly is hair raising and scarily confident. Although the film doesn't have the same amount of satisfaction and sheer joy of the director's last film, it doesn't rest on its star power alone either. Each of the characters and their relationship to one another is integral to the film's thematic goal: the dissection of the American dream, where people will willingly trample one another to get ahead of the curve in troubled economic downtime and the effect this has on families. The film is at its best when these goals and desires clash head-on, spearheaded by enormously charismatic actors and a script's verbal wit that overrides its untidiness.
평점: 6	리뷰: When your cast list comprises of Christian Bale, Amy Adams, Bradley Cooper, Jennifer Lawrence and Jeremy Renner, and you have David O. Russell (Silver Linings Playbook) behind the camera, expectations are naturally going to be high. Apparently too high. Based loosely on the Abscam scandal, this period drama (set in the swinging seventies) with thriller trimmings is solid but nothing more, which, considering the talent involved, is undeniably disappointing. It's tonally uneven and the dramatic elements are subsequently diminished, whilst the sorta-scheming- and-conning plot is bizarrely underwhelming and lacking a worthy payoff. Nevertheless, Hustle scores big with some well-timed comedy, Linus Sandgren's beautiful cinematography and an absolutely cracking score; and the top shelf ensemble cast, with Amy Adams in particular, are reliably watchable (and boasting humorous disco-era makeovers to boot). There's enough here to recommend a DVD viewing, although forking out the big dollars to see this on the big screen is unnecessary.
평점: 9	리뷰: I was invited to Special VIP screening of American Hustle as the closing movie for Dubai international Film Festival Yesterday December 14th and after watching the movie, I can see why the Festival chose this movie to be it's closing act - The movie was to say the least Amazing.The acting was top notch. It was like watching 5 wonderful actors/actresses go blow by blow to the 12th round. Amy Adams was unbelievable - she nailed the role spot on. I loved her role in "Trouble with the Curve" but wow she was amazing. Bradley Cooper was on top of his game and so natural. There were a couple of scenes were he made me crack with laughter after an intense exchange with his boss - totally unexpected in a very heavy movie with drama and twists. But the one that surprised me the most was Jennifer Lawrence - For me her role was amazing. She justified winning the Oscars last year and in this movie, I would say she topped Amy Adams even she had lesser scenes compared to bale, Cooper, and Adams.Christian Bale played his role well, but I have never been a big fan of his but he also played the ConArtist role to perfection. All in All, I loved this movie although some might find it slow at some points but the character buildup and the unexpected twist at the end made me hooked9/10
평점: 9	리뷰: The stars seemed aligned for David O. Russell's highly anticipated American Hustle in which assembles some of Hollywood's most sought-after talent that includes Oscar-winners Christian Bale and Jennifer Lawrence along with Oscar-nominees Amy Adams, Bradley Cooper, and Jeremy Renner. He teams up with scribe Eric Singer, whose only feature writing credit is Tom Tykwer's The International, and based on the popularity of last year's Silver Linings Playbook, this was suppose to be Russell's masterpiece. Sad to report that the final product is an anti- metamorphosis of filmmaking that prohibits any consistency for the viewer to relish. What remains intact and palpable are the outstanding performances by the cast that Russell put together. All of them are dedicated to their roles, even when development and direction are lacking, and they truck through much of the narrative successfully.One of the largest areas of opportunities is the script composed by Singer and Russell. Despite scene-chewing performances from our principal actors, an absence of insight and cohesiveness, along with an irregularity of interesting dialogue plagues this once promising Oscar hopeful. In the first twenty minutes of the film's opening, I said to myself, "this is going to be my favorite film of the year." When the film ventures off into back stories and character origins, it plays like a parody of Paul Thomas Anderson's Boogie Nights, lacking any emotional connection. The film isn't overtly dreadful or horrendous by any stretch, just mostly disappointing. All the pieces are there, they just didn't take the time to make sure they all fit. It's confusing in tone, though very funny at times, especially coming from Cooper and Lawrence, but by the end, Russell feels he's warranted an emotional reaction from the audience when he's done anything but.Christian Bale is terrific, magnified in charisma while still keeping mostly all his ticks and mannerisms he's created for Irving in perspective. His work is also an impressive counterpoint to his other well-executed performance in Out of the Furnace. Bale proves once again that he's one of this generation's most gifted actors. Not only in the way he packs on the pounds, or rocks a comb-over better than any wannabe gangster I've encountered on the streets of Little Italy; he's the one performer that has a character that goes through an authentic evolution that's believable.As the spunky and crude wife of Irving, Jennifer Lawrence gets the biggest laughs and commands the most attention from the viewer. Better than she was in last year's overly praised turn in Silver Linings Playbook, for which she won the Oscar for Best Actress, this is a role that suits her well, both for her range as an actress and what she excels in with her fiery demeanor. I'm still a bit unsure about how old Rosalyn was suppose to be (that may be a fault of these directors thinking she's old enough to play these older women). Lawrence owns her role and has enough naughty sex-appeal and delivery to land herself an Oscar nomination for Best Supporting Actress. I'd argue if she hadn't JUST won last year, she would be a formidable threat to win. Probably a more appropriate representation for her acting arsenal.I have fallen hard for the abilities of Bradley Cooper following his role as Pat in Russell's Playbook. Subsequently, the 38-year-old actor has sought dynamic and challenging roles that you can tell he finds exciting and prolific in its nature and candor. His turn in The Place Beyond the Pines earlier this year proved that notion and in American Hustle, Cooper is simply dazzling. Delivering the best performance of the cast, Cooper nails moment after moment, infusing his strict and intense line delivery while having impeccable comedic timing. One sequence in which he imitates the great Louie C.K., who plays one of Richie's frazzled superiors, engulfed the movie theater in non-stop laughter.The actor I feel the most for is the talented and beautiful Amy Adams. If the script was more developed on a writing level, this role could have been the performance of the year. Adams is given an opportunity to enrich herself in a woman, full of layers, that prevent her from losing sight of her own identity. However, being short-changed as her character builds, leaves the audience unsatisfied with where she ends. On a pure performance level, Adams is top-notch, conveying one of her strongest turns yet. I wished more for her but ultimately was let down.David O. Russell used to be able to excite, in the way that Quentin Tarantino would when ventured off into a new realm of his imagination. His 2010 film The Fighter was his most ambitious outing and I've waited, patiently mind you, to see when he top that endeavor. I'll always award his efforts as a writer. I Heart Huckabees, Three Kings, and Silver Linings Playbook succeed mostly on the merits of his storytelling ability. American Hustle levels out a lot of the time, enabling the viewer to connect and engage the world convincingly. There are other times though, where honestly, I almost fell asleep. Even when Russell demonstrates uneven filmmaking, I've remained bound to the story. This is the first time I found myself bored, especially in scenes involving Jeremy Renner, who I adore.Read more @ AwardsCircuit.com
평점: 4	리뷰: There is a very simple way to put this: I didn't believe it. That sums up the movie for me. Yes, there is all the razzle dazzle you can imagine. But there is nothing at the heart of this film. In Silver Linings Playbook and The Fighter, for example, I was an instant believer, I bought in immediately, and loved every second of the ensuing ride. Maybe I could tell from the trailers that we were going back to LaLa land territory. Schmooze, slick, and schtick. That's what this movie is. I was literally falling asleep. Because I never cared for a second, because I knew it was fake, the world never invited me in. Perhaps opening the movie with the old 'start halfway through the movie and then go back and show how they got to that point' tactic failed at bringing me believably along. I don't know, and it doesn't matter. The bottom line is I feel like I was never invited into a believable world. I guess it's just not that kind of movie. I had come to have high expectations after Russell's last two outings, which were basically celluloid cocaine. In those two, I was emotionally invested, in the reality, of how believable it was, and then everything else clicked. The snappy dialogue, the electric energy, the rockin' soundtrack, etc., all supported and enhanced the story, because there was a foundation laid. The believability comes from the characters and their relationships, set up by a story, or plot. Apparently Mr. Russell has lost the need for a plot as he is purported to have said when asked by Christian Bale whether the impromptu dialogue would change the story. While having a passion for characters and relationships is great, the story is an equally important element, and one that is lost here. This movie is thematically all over the place. There is little gravitas or gravity that keeps pulling us in its direction. We wander aimlessly through it, like a pimply teenager, awestruck at the glamour, not noticing that nothing is actually happening. This movie is all fluff. My favorite W.H. Auden quote also sums it up: "What the mass media offers is not popular art but entertainment, which is intended to be consumed like food, forgotten, and replaced by a new dish." The same could not be said about The Fighter and Silver Linings Playbook. So far 2013 is a bad vintage.
평점: 5	리뷰: The biggest puzzle for me was the fact that's its nominated for a best Comedy or Musical for the Golden globes.No way its a musical purely based on the choice of background songs , so it is it a comedy? To me there were very few funny moments.May be Christian Bales' big fat belly and Bradley Cooper's pink curlers were among the things that put a smile on my face but there were not many jokes or enough hilarious scenes to prompt it a comedy nudge. Amy Adams is very provocative .Lots of cleavage, side boobs, legs and a lot of skin. The movie often felt long and boring at points. Overall David O. Russell just hired all the actors he has worked with in the past (All really talented actors)and just let them all do their bits. Its a good movie but its not a Great movie !
평점: 1	리뷰: The only good thing about this film is a story about ice-fishing by Louis C.K's character. The rest of the film is abominable. For a film about supposedly intelligent characters, doing supposedly intelligent things, it sucks. When the characters have to tell the audience how smart they are.... this bodes poorly.For the most part the performances were good, each of the lifeless, background-less, soulless, pieces of flesh were played well, despite the poor writing that included them in a script so full of holes that it was hard to find a piece of sensical narrative. And despite being seriously miscast, Jennifer Lawrence once again demonstrated that she can act.O. Russell exploits all of the female cast, showing frequent side boob, nipple candy and an excessive splashing of Amy Adam's apples. Excessive probably doesn't go far enough.This film is designed to distract and confuse an audience intent on glorifying an excellent cast, despite a mire of terrible writing, average directing, and non-plussed cinematography.After nearly two hours of drivel, Robert DeNiro makes an almost pointless appearance as, wait for it... a mobster. In a story that is already going nowhere, this absurd side plot is totally unnecessary. With unbelievable interactions, inane dialogue, inexplicable scams, and dreary narrative I couldn't wait for it to end after only half and hour and by this stage I was shaking my head on a regular basis.So what is all the fuss about... who knows.
평점: 10	리뷰: I had a chance to see this at a private screening the night before it was released in Australian cinemas, I can honestly say that its an amazing crime-drama of the year!!Great performances from all the cast (including Jennifer Lawrence, who will clearly take home the Best Supporting Actress awards in the upcoming Movie Award season), the production design is great resembling the late 70's and early 80's, story is entertaining (with many moments of seriousness, humour and character) and lastly the soundtrack is amazing! Overall, it's worth seeing to get the hype! I hope it takes the Best Picture award home for David O. Russell.
평점: 7	리뷰: The basic story in this movie is relatively straightforward...a couple of con artists (Christian Bale as Irving Rosenfeld and Amy Adams as Sydney Prosser) are nabbed by an ambitious F.B.I. Agent (Bradley Cooper as Richie DiMaso) who promises not to charge either of them so long as they can help him catch bigger criminals by using their skills as con artists. Irving and Sydney agree to this...Irving's wife Rosalyn (played by Jennifer Lawrence) isn't really privy to all of Irving's activities...illegal or adulterous. The start of the movie informs the viewer that "some" of the movie is based on actual events. Presumably accuracy hasn't been kept at the expense of good fun.During the movie I frequently laughed out loud as the situation went from bad to worse for Irving and Sydney, or the stupidity of Rosalyn later in the movie (Lawrence shows a talent for character based comedy in this movie). Despite this humour, the movie did strike me as being a dialogue driven piece...a wall of dialogue. It's also 138 minutes long...putting those two things together, it was quite demanding of your attention, perhaps at the expense of just providing pure entertainment. It's not exactly intellectually taxing, just demanding of your attention. Even though I don't usually watch movies again, the thought of watching this movie again due to its demanding nature made me think that I wouldn't want to do that again in a hurry. I'd have to wait a decade, maybe. The way the characters relate to each other perhaps has a 'Brooklyn' vibe to it. Maybe some people might find that taxing too.A way that the movie attempts to keep you intrigued is by making you question the motives of the various players...are Irving and Sydney using each other? What is real? Where does the con begin and end? Who's conning whom? This may provide pleasure for some as a viewing experience.Can't say that I knew how to interpret this movie...initially I missed the introduction explaining that it was partly based on a true story. Without that knowledge, I was wondering whether the movie was a comment on the Hollywood factory (e.g. Bale putting on the bat costume, pretending to be a superhero as a kind of con) or a metaphor for the American dream...in the guise of reinventing oneself to reach higher...if that is indeed the American dream...I'm Australian...I don't know these things. If the latter, maybe that has something in common with the novel "The great Gatsby", which is regarded as a classic in America and has also been turned into a movie...multiple times. Would still be inclined to think that on some level this movie is 'saying something' about the American experience, beyond merely fictionalising a true story.Another thing that struck me was how often the look of the characters reminded me of other people in movies or TV or real life. E.g. when I caught the start of the movie, with Irving elaborately doing his hair, I was reminded of Tom Cruise in "Tropic thunder", I think it was; Jeremy Renner as Carmine Polito reminded me of a young Liberace perhaps...or that kind of Teddy Boy look...if that is the right phrase; Louis C.K. as Stoddard Thorsen reminded me of Bill Bailey (the English comedian); one guy kind of reminded me of a young Michael Douglas; there's one mob guy who kind of had a George Clooney in "O brother, where art thou?" look to him (that I don't remember these character's names just reflects on how demanding of your attention this movie is); Bradley Cooper in one scene (or two) reminds me of Kevin Kline's turn in "A fish called Wanda". Sort of related, perhaps Bale channels Gandolfini as Tony Soprano in his performance at times. Jennifer Lawrence sort of reminded me of Renée Zellweger in her looks at times...but maybe that's just me?Speaking of self-referential moments...I got the feeling that a member of the crew had the same surname as the lawyer who appears in the end of the movie...something like "Tellegio"...if that is the case, perhaps it's a sort of in-joke or something? Maybe there's more of that too?There is some good 1970s music etc. in this movie but it's not quite in the same league as "Boogie nights" on that front, which was stacked with the kind of songs I love from that era."American hustle" is a true ensemble work and I suppose in a year in which no particular movie or performance has screamed "Award!" to me, the extra yards Christian Bale has put in to perform his role (putting on a lot of weight, by the looks of it...assuming it's not a fat suit), he'd be as worth a winner of a Best Actor award as anyone else. In other movies of his I've seen it occurred to me that he was often overshadowed by minor characters in star vehicles for him, like The Dark Knight (Heath Ledger's brilliant turn as the Joker) and Terminator: Salvation (Sam Worthington's character Marcus Wright was more interesting than John Connor). It's perhaps ironic that Bale may win an Oscar in a movie/character which isn't a 'star vehicle' for him. Unlike Batman, Irving is an interesting character...more filling and nutritious, acting chops wise than the caped crusader.One last thingthe endingI did wonder if the film took a morally dubious stance on the targets DiMaso was chasingi.e. not sure that I share those sentiments.
평점: 10	리뷰: American HUSTLE (2013) **** Christian Bale, Amy Adams, Bradley Cooper, Jennifer Lawrence, Jeremy Renner, Louis CK, Jack Huston, Michael Pena, Shea Whigham, Alessandro Nivola, Elisabeth Rohm, Robert De Niro.David O. Russell's blackly funny satire of sorts about a pair of grifters (Bale, with a combover from Hell and paunch to boast of gleeful deglam, and Adams proffering a come-and-go Brit accent) who find themselves in a bind when ambitious Fed (Cooper in a homemade perm and ego to boost) is out to make a name for himself by concocting Abscam (more-or-less) in the process. The best Martin Scorsese film Martin Scorsese never directed could best sum up this miasma of horrid clothing choices and questionable hygiene replete with a stellar soundtrack of pop AM nuggets and a root-for-the cons to win heart line. Crackerjack cast scores with hilarity including Renner as a well-meaning NJ mayor in the midst (and apparently Joe Pesci's wig rejects) and especially Lawrence as trashy but foxy smart wife of Bale's and funny man CK as Cooper's by-the-book schlump superior. Cleverly concocted script by Russell and Eric Singer has dialogue that sings and just enough gumption to make more for less.
평점: 7	리뷰: I went into this movie not really knowing what to expect. For me the trailers didn't really seem to reveal much which can be a good and bad thing depending on the type of person you are.I really enjoyed the movie and thought overall it was very well done. The movie starts out a little slow as it sets up the back story but that is to be expected. There is a flashback scene that talks about how Christian Bale's character came into the conman business and I found that somewhat uninteresting but it's a short scene so that can be forgiven. The story really picked up once they got the ball rolling with Carmine and wanting to bust higher profile people.Christian Bale's performance was very well done throughout the entire film. I totally bought his character and I have no complaints with his role at all.Amy Adams delivered another strong performance as well. Her accent was solid and I think she did a very good job in expressing her emotions as she tried to set up the entire con.I may be the only person who wasn't completely buying Bradley Cooper's character. I thought his performance was fine but didn't necessarily think that his character would do some of the stuff that he did. That put him in awkward positions having to act and express emotion that seems beyond his character.I thought Jeremy Renner did a really good job and complimented the entire cast very well. He really shined in this role and if he wasn't surrounded by such a strong cast, might have gotten more recognition for his role.Jennifer Lawrence's character really grows on you after awhile. At first she isn't in the film much but they gradually increase her screen time so that you get to see more of Rosalyn and how she lives her life. If you're a fan of Lawrence, you will absolutely love the final bedroom scene between her and Bale.The movie overall was solid and the performances are great and while I think it will be nominated for some best picture awards, I don't think it should win. I think the ladies in the film will be up for some awards but I don't see Bale or Cooper receiving any awards for the film.I think they missed the mark on this being any type of nostalgic, classic, have to watch multiple times movie. Then again, a movie only becomes that way after a long period of time. It's definitely worth a watch in the theaters and again at home if you're a fan of the actors but if someone told me that they didn't see this film I wouldn't think that they had missed out on some masterpiece like Shawshank Redemption, Goodfellas, etc.

영화제목: Les Miserables
평점: 4	리뷰: As a massive film fan, my tastes are very wide-ranging, but I do have a problem with musicals. Nevertheless I was happy to take the opportunity of a private viewing of "Les Misérables" at the London office of distributors Universal - the day after the London première and a month before the UK release - because of the outstanding success of the original stage show (a run of 27 years with a total audience of over 60 million) and the surprising and impressive cast list (Russell Crowe, Hugh Jackman, Anne Hathaway, Sacha Baron Cohen, Helena Bonham Carter, Amanda Seyfried and Eddie Redmayne). The showing was introduced by producer Eric Fellner of Working Title who underlined the commercial challenge of making a film in which all the dialogue is sung and the themes are so political and praised director Tom Hooper ("The King's Speech") for his insistence that every take was sung live.The two main characters are presented in the opening seconds of a sweeping introductory sequence: the police inspector Javert (Crowe) and the prisoner 24601 Jean Valjean (Jackman) in post-revolutionary France. There follows over two and half hours with barely a spoken word which will not appeal to all cinema-goers, but the production is a triumph with Cameron Mackintosh's musical opened up by dramatic shooting on Pinewood's brand new Richard Attenborough stage and some historic English locations. If Crowe and especially Jackman are excellent, Hathaway - who lost 25 pounds and most of her hair for the role - is outstanding as the destitute Fantine and Cohen and Carter almost steal the show as the comical Thénardier innkeepers.I'm not sure how long it will take for "Les Misérables" to recoup its investment cash- wise, but it's going to win award after award and rightly so.
평점: 10	리뷰: As a fan of the musical, I had not to be disappointed with this adaptation and I wasn't! I had the opportunity of watching it at the premiere in Leicester Square in London, with all the huge actors, the director, musical creator's, etc. It was really exciting, the actors sing better than I expected, and all the photography added to the musical perfectly complete it for an unforgettable experience. I can't tell anything bad. Anne Hathaway is very good, as well as Sacha Baron Cohen or Hugh Jackman. The musical is fantastic. The movie: terrific!
평점: 10	리뷰: This film is amazing. Absolutely incredible. I don't understand what people are saying about pacing issues, I thought it flowed beautifully. The changes made worked very well. And I didn't think there was any weak link in the cast. I honestly loved Russell as Javert. He wasn't traditional by any means, but what he did worked. The cgi was not the best, but it kind of created this fantastical other world while still being realistic and grounded. So many of the acting choices were brilliant and subtle. For example Jackman ever so slightly altered his voice with his characters aging, which I thought was brilliant. There is no negative thing to say about this movie. However, I do see why a critic may not like it. It's not a critic movie. There isn't a lot of impressive violence, crazy camera shots, etc. the things critics seem to love. It's more grounded in the performances and the story, which it tells extremely well. The only thing I can point out (because I saw it with my boyfriend who knows nothing about the story) there are two or three slightly confusing plots for those who aren't familiar with Les Mis. But they are either explained later on or not important enough to dwell on. Anyways, that's my rant. Needless to say I will be seeing it many many times and cannot wait for the DVD so I can own it and watch it even more.
평점: 10	리뷰: I went to an awards screening of Les Miserables and left the cinema speechless. Tom Hooper's direction and the cinematography, costumes, art design and editing are nothing short of genius.Hooper's idea to have the actors sing live really brings a deeper emotion to the film not seen in other movie musicals. Hugh Jackman is absolutely incredible as Jean Valjean and carries the film with spectacular grace. Anne Hathaway is magnificent in her fleeting role as Fantine - the film's sequence in which she goes on a downward spiral is one of the it's best moments, and her ABSOLUTELY INCREDIBLE HEARTFELT rendition of 'I Dreamed A Dream' will win her the Oscar by itself.Also, a great supporting turn from newcomer Samantha Barks as the heartbroken Eponine (look out for her waist - it's absolutely tiny!), who is sure to be shot into stardom. Eddie Redmayne, Russell Crowe and Aaron Tveit are also good, and there's some great comedy relief from Helena Bonham Carter and Sacha Baron Cohen.It will leave you laughing, crying, and feeling inspired. A great watch, sure to win some major awards this year! 10/10!
평점: 10	리뷰: Wow! - Les Misérables is seriously Outstanding! Seriously Amazing! If this doesn't win a "Best Picture Oscar" - Nothing should!! Hugh Jackman - Oscar!!! (he made me cry!) Anne Hathaway - Oscar!! (shemade me cry!) Samantha Barks - Oscar!! (she made me cry!) Eddie Redmayne - Oscar!! (he made me cry!) ...and then we move onto Russell Crowe - if only they had enough time to re-shoot / edit out / destroy all existence of him ever being near this movie! (he Didn't make me...think he could act or sing!) The entire movie is non-stop and with them singing live while filming you can really feel the authenticity of their singing! When they move into some of the big "torch" song - you just want to give a standing ovation!
평점: 5	리뷰: Outstanding : Anne Hathaway's Fantine. Twenty minutes of screen presence at the beginning, and she hovers over the whole story until the very last frame. Her heartbreaking rendering of "I dream a dream" is a milestone in acting/singing. Outstanding : The bombastic soundtrack, music and lyrics altogether, splendidly performed live and re-orchestrated. Good : Chris Dickens and Melanie Oliver's editing. Especially when songs are performed by three or more protagonists. Missed opportunity : Why on earth does Hugh Jackman turn the requiem-like "Bring him home" into a high-pitched exercise in hysterical yelling ? Bad : Russel Crowe's Javert. His eyes and his voice play two different characters. Plus, he never really seems comfortable in his much too slim outfits. Bad : Amanda Seyfried's Cosette. Much too cheesy, she doesn't match the overall realistic approach. Awful : Sacha Baron Cohen and Helena Bonham Carter's Thenardiers. Their slapstick duets, along with horrendous makeup, absurdly grimacing faces and graceless body language will prompt the use of the "skip" button of the remote when Blu-ray time comes. Awful : Tom Hooper's direction. A few exceptions aside, the endless Terry Gilliam-like tracking shots and distorted closeups not only kill the intended lyrical scope of the show and almost ruin its emotional impact, but inflict the kind of headache you can "expect" from an incompetently converted 3D flick.
평점: 9	리뷰: If you don't like musicals or are not a fan of the through-sung style, skip this movie. I will only irritate you (much like bombastic action films torture me).But if you're a fan of Les Miserables or musicals in general, then you're in for a treat.Many people have criticized Tom Hooper's direction. For me, I just think these people have no idea what Hooper is doing, and do not realize the effects of his work (with the help of Danny Cohen's marvelous cinematography). The Dutch angles work very well, especially during the Lovely Ladies sequences -- Hooper skillfully created a surrealistic, nightmarish Paris for Fantine (and the audience), making us feel queasy and uncomfortable and horrified, in some ways, for Fantine. We have to realize that this is not a videotaped version of the stage play or concert. This is a movie. Hooper said that he wanted to create an extreme/heightened realism that is on the verge of being surrealistic. I for one applaud his choice and I think it works beautifully for the movie.Same with the close-ups. They created the kind of intimacy you won't get on stage, and also provided the opportunities for the actors to do their work. The result is amazingly personal, intense. Obviously it works better for some actors than others (that's why we're thinking of giving Anne Hathaway the Oscar, not Amanda Seyfried), but over all, it's a great cinematic choice -- together with live recording... it's emotionally powerful.I do have some gripes: certain hand-held camera shots could have been avoided or stabilized -- there is really no need for them. The barricade scenes can be somewhat chaotic and rushed. Unfortunately Hooper has to work in the confine of the musical structure, and the story is already almost 3 hours long. Also, they had to cut or shorten some songs to fit the time frame - to those who have seen the show 30 times, it could be unsettling.The performances are excellent. Hugh Jackman carries most of the movie with dignity and amazing versatility. He may not be the best singer in the world to play Valjean, but he IS Valjean on screen -- his voice is characterized to fit Valjean perfectly. His "What Have I Done" is a revelation of what his song-and-dance man who is best known for Wolverine can do.Anne Hathaway deserves all the accolades she is getting. Her "I Dream a Dream" will become the de facto performance for those who will play Fantine in the future.Eddie Redmayne is a surprise -- I know the actor can act, but I had no idea that he could sing so well. And that he could sing and act at the same time with such grace and charm. It's not an easy thing to accomplish.Samantha Barks and Aaron Tveit have done Les Miserables on stage before, and they are excellent in the film. Many stage actors can't transition to the screen, but these two have succeeded (with a lot hard work, no doubt).Amanda Seyfried is one of the weakest links in the movie. She is, of course, lovely as the adult Cosette (Isabelle Allen is excellent as young Cosette), even though the part is underwritten (in the film or on stage). Her singing voice is okay, but not as strong as expected, and I find her performance somewhat one dimensional. But she and Redmayne have great chemistry together, and that's a good thing.Russell Crowe also is the weak link. He is a good actor and I think he does his best with this role. But his rock-opera voice is jarringly different from the rest and he just stands out like a sore thumb. However, in the course of the movie he grew on me. In his final scenes I can see the great acting (it's all in the eyes, people!). So while I can't say he's the best Javert ever, I'll give him a pass.The supporting cast and background actors are all excellent.The production is rich and wonderful with great sets, great cinematography, great costumes. Is it perfect? No. I haven't seen one single film this year that is "perfect." I don't think that exists. At the end of the day (pun intended), Les Miserables is all about the music, the characters, and the emotions, and this film delivers. I expect many award nominations for this film.

영화제목: Star Trek Beyond
평점: 8	리뷰: Hey guys! I just got back from a special advanced screening of Star Trek Beyond (not advanced by much, I know!) here in Australia. I have to say, the film was great! In short, it fits snugly within the "Abramsverse" and pays homage to the original series quite well. Whilst I did have a few gripes, overall the film is quite good! Before I get on with the review, I'm going to fully disclose a few things. Firstly, I never saw any of the original films or the TV show (however, I know most of the references etc). Secondly, I was a massive fan of the 2009 reboot and can confidently say it is one of my favourite science fiction films - J.J. Abrams delivered a film that was both visually stunning and successfully rebooted a timeline in an extremely efficient and clever way that I now hold as the standard whenever I see a reboot. Now that that's out of the way...Director Justin Lin (known for his work on The Fast and Furious franchise) is new to Star Trek and Sci-Fi in general. Going in, I was worried that he couldn't handle the elements that go into making a great Star Trek film and wasn't familiar with Sci-Fi elements. However, I was pleasantly surprised. Lin directs the film at a breakneck pace - but with a pretty big issue, which I'll touch on shortly. As a whole, the film feels very complete and tight with no loose ends. Simon Pegg and Doug Jung's script is excellent, balancing solid action sequences with a surprising amount of heart and humour. It is very evident that Pegg's gifted sense of humour shines through the script resulting in some genuinely funny moments - particularly several interactions with Bones and Spock who go off on a little bit of a side adventure. The old cast are amazing as always. Chris Pine as James T. Kirk turns in an excellent performance that brings the character arc of Kirk full circle from the first film by playing Kirk as a more mature version of the character that we saw him in the 2009 film. As for Spock (Zachary Quinto), his arc primarily revolves around his relationship with Uhura (Zoe Saldana) which I was a fan of as their relationship wasn't as fleshed out in the earlier films. Bones (Karl Urban) and Scotty (Simon Pegg) are both excellent here, but are mainly used as comic relief. Onto the newcomers - both Idris Elba and Sofia Boutella are great in the film and make fine additions to the already brilliant case. Boutella plays Jaylah, an alien who the crew meet while stranded on the planet that Elba's character maroons them on after destroying The Enterprise. Jaylah is an excellent character who provides a few laughs but, as Kingsman fans would know, knows how to kick ass! She brings another level of physicality to her fight scenes and has an array of gadgets which make the action scenes fun to watch. Elba on the hand is a great villain and I certainly liked what they did with his character toward the end, he brings a certain menace to his character that was missing in Cumberbatch and Bana's villains. On a technical level, the film is stunning visually with brilliant CG and an amazing score once again composed by the brilliant Michael Giacchino. However, I felt that the action sequences were sometimes poorly shot with the framing being too close to the action making it hard to make out who was who and where they are geographically within the shot. This also results in a lot of shaky-cam which is not very appealing. Additionally, the film suffers a bit of a slump during its second act and does tend to drag. This is very noticeable because the first and third acts are amazingly done and come and go with a very quick pace, particularly a VERY fun third act which involves a great call back to the 2009 film with Beastie Boys' - Sabotage.All in all, Star Trek Beyond is another excellent film in what is now an excellent trilogy. Justin Lin has made an excellent science fiction film, full of action and heart that fits very well in the pantheon of the better Trek films within the sprawling franchise. The fan service also toward the end was also a nice surprise to those who have followed the franchise from the TV show and the original films. I give Star Trek Beyond 8 out of 10!
평점: 10	리뷰: No words can describe how amazing this film is! The prologue was a heartfelt sequence that gives us insight into Kirk's thoughts on the long span of time they were in space on their mission. The first part of the movie was an intense action sequence. Really heartbreaking to see the USS Enterprise being torn apart in that fashion. The movie was quite unpredictable and kept us on the edge of our seats. I would say, compared to the first 2 films, this film had no super impactful emotional scene. (that made me tear up) Probably because the scenes were too intense for tears to come out after that. The film ended with a lovely tribute to the old Star trek crew, Leonard Nimoy and Anton Yelchin. The Star Trek films just keep getting better and better! Not going to spoil too much, so just go watch this in cinemas!
평점: 3	리뷰: I'm back from watching the premiere of the movie in 3D and I'm extremely angry - mostly about myself in this case because I feel so stupid for actually thinking this might turn out well. I wanted to like the movie, I really did. Star Trek 2009 was okay even though it threw the canon out the window. Into Darkness was mess with lots of plot holes that was a disappointment in the end but at least watchable. This however is a nightmare visually. But lets look at it from the beginning. The first 5 minutes are looking okay. There is a bit of exposition, humor and some basic action and the movie looked promising.Then the movie really started and the thing that immediately annoyed me was that everything was shot in extreme darkness. It was hard to see anything properly. The 3D made things even worse, because it made the movie even darker because of the glasses. In addition I got headaches due to the extreme shaky cam. It was dark, shaky AND there were LOTS of close up shots so the action scenes in short are freaking terrible.The camera couldn't hold still for a second and this went on for 25 minutes. When the movie went back to focus a little bit more on characters and story the shaky cam stopped it became a bit better, but for me the damage was already done. The movie succeeded in p****** me of. Oh and the action scenes in the later parts of the movie have the same problems - shaky cam and very dark. You couldn't even see the ships properly. I felt like the director/camera man didn't really want me to see the effects properly - maybe because they weren't that great. It was hard to tell though due to the reasons mentioned above.The sound and music are average. The cast did their job well enough and the humor worked for me for the most part, but it's not enough to save the movie overall. It just made me give it a 3 out of 10 instead of a 1.In addition the story is not that exciting. The things that are happening (especially in the finale) are very predictable. The main villain pretty much has a basic revenge thing going on. However his plans don't make much sense if you start asking questions. AND there are a lot of plot holes so that the things that actually happen don't add up. People get to places so quickly that you have to ask yourself "How the hell did he do that?". The movie won't answer the questions for you though. Things just happen and they happen quickly.Overall I had high hopes for the movie after seeing the last trailer and I thought I could really get into the J.J.Verse. But I guess this Star Trek is not for me. I'll go back to older shows and movies that were mostly fun to watch even with the problems many of them had.It's funny though. I watched Warcraft and loved it while it got destroyed by almost every critic. This movie is highly praised and I hate it. What a twist...Last I just want to mention - 3D is terrible. The last movies I've seen in 3D I've always thought that it's a useless gimmick that no one needs. Please stop pushing this terrible technology down our throats. Tell a good story and people will watch a movie.
평점: 7	리뷰: *At first i have to apologize: Sorry for the bad English, I am not a native speaker.*I am a big fan of the Star Trek Series and when I was young I loved the old series and movies. When in 2009 the first "new" Star Trek movie arrived I was excited about the good cast and the intelligent Plot. The second one doesn't have this tricky intelligent story the first film has, but was also a good movie. The Third one with the sub title "Beyond" is unfortunately more like the second movie, but pro's first and here we go. Star Trek Beyond from director Justin Lin, who is known for Fast and Furious, bring some good action on the big screen. In "loud" moments Lin is in his element. Lin knows how to make some good dynamic action scenes. My personal Highlight is the Enterprise fighting scene with Beastie Boys – Sabotage underlaid. This part of the movie is very entertaining and in these points the movie has his great strength. Also so the Cast is very lovely and with Sofia Boutella as Jaylah there is another coherent likable character. The whole cast perfectly matched and I hope to see all of these guys back in Star Trek 4 (a silent minute for Anton Yelchin, Rest in Piece!). So the action is strong, the cast is strong, whats wrong with the movie? Why it is not a 10/10 for me? So I think the story is the first problem for me. I can't help me, but the whole story is for me more a reason to go beyond different places, then a real continuation of the Star Trek saga. The hole film feels like a episode of the series but in a negative way. There is a bad guy who is bad and good guys who are good. Lin just manages not quite the whole to give it more depth and make the plot more interesting. I don't want to Spoil anybody, but the motivation of the antagonist is not very resourceful in my opinion. We all know why Captain Kirk and his crew do what they do, but there enemy is a little bit "flat". Maybe I don't get it right now or doesn't understand the big point and when I see this movie a second time I will find it, but for now Beyond has the weakest Plot. The second Point is very subjective, but for me the tracking shots were a bit to fast so that the motion blur make some whole scene not pleasant. Maybe the 3D supports this effect, but the many "moving the camera" in a circle about objects and characters were a bit too much. I never become Motion sick in any Movie. I saw the movie "Hardcore Henry" without motion sickness, but in Beyond there were some moments I have to close my eyes. With 48 frames per second I think this problem would be fixed, but with cinematic 24 frames a second it was not perfect in my opinion. Otherwise you become a typical Star Trek movie and it is fun to watch it. I think it is a Cinema Cinema Film, so watch it on the Big screen with good sound. So guys please don't hate me, but in my opinion this is the weakest one of all 3 Movies. Please don't get me wrong. "Beyond" is not a bad movie, but it stands like "into darkness" in the shadow of the brilliant first "new" Star Trek movie. So the "genre-rating" for fans is around 8. For everybody else it is a solid 7 out of 10.
평점: 6	리뷰: The first movie of the "trilogy" is by far the best one... the second one was a bit worse... and this last one is slightly a disappointment...There are just too many plot-holes and logical fallacies. It is way too predictable, without any turn of events whatsoever - this is just a standard script movie. It has very good special effects, but still it doesn't change the fact that the writing is taken from a B class movie.Spoiler alert! in the order of annoyingness...1. Really?! blasting bad songs on VHF waves on 50 MHz into space causes ships to explode... gimme a break please... yeah the visual effects of the exploding ships looks cool, but it's one of the stupidest things I have ever heard... 2. On the station they still can't use teleporters to catch the bad guy? only Kirk is the only one on the whole goddamn station who goes after him? no more flying "cars"? 3. Uhura looks at a video for a fraction of a second and instantly recognizes the bad guy? * well that's convenient 4. Really teleporting anyone is impossible from point A, because of interference, but if they move ~100 meters in plain sight to point B, suddenly you can teleport 20 guys at once? and then you teleport 2 people instead of one while they are falling mid air... because they were holding hands... that's cute :) 5. On the space station, they say that the Enterprise is the most advanced ship with the most advanced sensors, and it should be the one to go into the nebula. It gets destroyed, but at the end-movie they have the technology to build it from scratch on the same space station... meh maybe I over-think things...Standard script: Bad guy wants to blow up something, good guy gets his ass kicked then miraculously manages to go after the bad guy and win... nothing like the unexpected destruction of a whole planet in the first movie... But in the end, you should go see the movie... if they lose too much money, maybe they won't make a next one, and I really like Star Trek :P (plus, Sofia Boutella seems to really act well)Please make a proper script for the next one... Thank you!
평점: 5	리뷰: It's a disappointing addition to what has been a very solid franchise so far. The crew of the Enterprise blunders into trouble because apparently none of them have any common sense. The trouble is resolved in a way that is more comical than legitimate, and it really doesn't work.I take a bit of an issue with plots like this because we know that there's no stakes. A Star Trek film needs a specific cast to appease people, thus, we cannot truly feel scared for these characters. I know we need conflict to create drama, but I just feel like it could have been done a different way.This film opens with a five-minute long voice-over by Kirk. I know that we need to learn about what has happened to the crew of the Enterprise since the last film, but we could have done it in a way that isn't such a massive chunk of exposition. This glacial pace and exposition- heavy dialogue doesn't let up until the second act turning point, but by then, it's too late to drag this film back from the breach. Although the third act is a semblance of a saving grace, it's just not enough to help this film maintain audience interest.There's some neat spaceship stuff that would be worth seeing on the big screen, but in all, this film is a disappointment.
평점: 8	리뷰: The Enterprise crew is back for more adventure. After a divisive follow-up that is "Into Darkness", I am proud to say that the third installment of the newly-formulated Kelvin timeline (the J. J. Abrams movies) is a worthy addition. Where the next trek goes brings the Enterprise to its knees, as they are attacked by a merciless leader named Krall (a menacing Idris Elba). And landed on a hostile planet, the crew must stop Krall from his evil deeds.If you are a devoted follower to the saga, you may observe the repetitive pattern (wherein Enterprise gets attack by a baddie with resentment to the Federation and must stop his/her huge plans of mass destruction). "Beyond" applies the same pattern but to surprising effect. It can be lauded to Justin Lin's effort to lend his flair for blockbusters – as seen from his Fast & Furious movies – and apply them to the Star Trek universe without sacrificing its heart and soul. And that comes from the Enterprise crew on adventure mode, for this new "Star Trek" feels like a full-length TV episode. It proves that Simon Pegg knows Trek flair when he and his co-writer wrote this down.Well, it can be attributed that this is a mandatory tribute for Star Trek's 50th year anniversary, but as a stand-alone feature, it is a whole lot of fun. As the visual spectacle has been consistent, the cast this time has more chemistry and screen time, with Chris Pine as Kirk striking solid, Zachary Quinto as Spock and Karl Urban and Dr. Bones as an effective duo, Anton Yelchin finally having time to shine, and newcomer Sofia Boutella in breakout mode after "Kingsman".Yet, despite the fun, it cannot help but make this a bittersweet entry, as this is where the late great Leonard Nimoy was given a well- deserved salute, and this serves as Yelchin's posthumous performance. Fitting to this celebratory part of the franchise. While Trekkies and non- Trekkies may see this as a loss, it should not stop "Star Trek Beyond" from being an epic adventure that truly respects Gene Roddenberry's creation and gives it a breath of fresh air. This adventure boldly went where no man has gone before (even though it means repeating itself).
평점: 7	리뷰: First of all I'm a Trekkie, and I love Star Trek beyond this movie. I'm not going to go deep into all of the plots holes that bothered me. but here are a few.SPOILER ALERT.So people ejected all over the planet, but magically found each other like if they were in the same shopping-mall. Perhaps that planet wasn't that big after all? The key to ending the battle was a simple UHF signal carrying loud music? Come on, an advanced cybernetic technology that brought Enterprise down in a few minutes start blowing up by itself just by exposure to UHF signal? I wish they would have tried a bit harder. I can think many ways how they could have carried out their attack — perhaps having found some other artifact on the surface of the planet that disrupted the swarm.The end game when three ships, including Krall's ship — that somehow managed to avoid the deadly effect of the Beastie Boys song — got into this big station/space city Yorktown. Now with all the technology available to the StarBase itself, couldn't they just teleported Krall outside the station? That old piece of junk U.S.S. Franklin managed to teleport the entire Enterprise crew, but they couldn't teleport Krall — or at least the artifact — out into space. So they had to open a huge airlock into space. Mind you a pressure release like that would have caused a significant damage to the structure of the StarBase(Yorktown), accelerating it in the opposite direction and creating a massive inertial force. I just can't buy the inertial dampener theory in that instance. Beside these plot holes there is one more thing that bothered me the most. All of the CG sequences where they had alien solders walking around, the animation was done very poorly. For instance in some scenes, the movement of their feet was out of sync with the movement of the ground — kind of giving an illusion of Michael Jacksons moon-walking — that's really embarrassing. Further in some sequences they moved like robots, which they weren't — at least that wasn't my understanding.But the movie in whole was good. I love the actors and their performances. What can I say, I love Star Trek even if it's bad.I give it a 7 due to the animation issue I mentioned above.
평점: 10	리뷰: I've been a Trekkie since I can remember and I happily watch any TV show or movie, repeatedly, even the fan funded episodes with the eagerness of a true Star Trek fan. Without complaint, just happy to have it.With that out of the way Star Trek Beyond, for me, was a super cool movie. It was action packed, funny and with some outstanding special effects. I am so thankful to J.J for reigniting the series, and even though we now have a new director, it still had the wonderful light adventurous feel and look, (even the lens flares). It had some great scenes, some poignant and reflective, others just plain funny. Lots of in-jokes and a few pop culture references. I had to chuckle at the Comandeer Paris line since I am currently watching 'Voyager' in my spare time. And the scene with Spock and Dr McCoy on the planet has become my favourite Star Trek scene, EVER!!!So, if you're after a great fun time at the movies go watch Star Trek Beyond. I can't wait to see it again. So being a 'true Trekkie' I give it a 10/10
평점: 10	리뷰: When I saw the first trailer somewhere in the beginning of this year, I didn't quite know what to expect. It was just action but it never revealed what the story line was gonna be. When I read that J.J. Abrams was not gonna be directing this one but Justin Lin, I was somewhat afraid the 3rd Star Trek was gonna be like Fast and Furious in space: "To boldly race where no one has raced before". I mean for a fast action movie without a real story line, Justin Lin is your man. But doing a Star Trek movie is playing ball on a much higher level. But how wrong was I. Last night I saw "Beyond" on premier night and it really blew my socks off. This 3rd part really exceeded all the expectations I had. This movie really is Star Trek worthy. Compared to the first movie (2009) all main characters have really matured. The have really grown in their parts. I'm not gonna name them all separately, they all gave a great performance. Idris Elba played Krall in the same way as Benedict Cumberbatch played Khan in "Into Darkness", very convincing. And Soufia Boutella as Jaylah? Let's just say she is a real kick ass alien. Simon Pegg and Doug Jung wrote a hell of a script with just the right balance between the action packed sequences and humour, even in the music, but there was also room for a few really nice tribute to the original Star Trek crew. What the story line is, I'm not gonna reveal, you'll really have to see for yourself. But I promise you that as a Star Trek fan, you won't be disappointed.
평점: 10	리뷰: Easily the best of the reboots, and amazingly (as a hardcore Trekkie I didn't imagine myself saying this) one of my favorite Trek films overall. Lin somehow manages to blend elements of all 5 TV series into a modern sci-fi action film. It did not feel like the first two JJ films in any way. It felt natural, like you tuned into a modern technology based TOS episode peppered with the best elements of Gene's post TOS series' ideals. While the overall plot may seem like a simple tried and true movie formula, it's the nuances and character interactions that make this film seem more like the old Trek despite, strangely, there being more action than the other 2 reboots.This latest Trek installment should please Trekkies like myself, and fans of the modern JJ verse time-line alike.
평점: 7	리뷰: I'm in no way a "Trekkie" (though I've recently gotten into watching repeats of Star Trek: Voyager on TV), I found the 2009 Star Trek reboot to be rather overrated (though I liked it slightly more upon rewatch) and, unlike most, I really enjoyed Into Darkness/found it to be the superior film of the two. No doubt I'll probably hold the "unpopular" opinion once again with this film, as I found Star Trek Beyond to be sadly lacking the 'oomph' of the previous film. J. J. Abrams may have his detractors, but at least I could follow the action in his movies. Justin Lin seems to favour chaotic camera movement and things being too dark to see. Yet despite the frenetic nature of his directing, it's probably not a good sign that I found myself yawning during the start of the movie. Nor did things get off to a promising start with Kirk confronting ridiculous CGI aliens that were obviously played for laughs, but failed in supplying any. I thought STID had a much more energetic and enthralling opening. Even in its 'slower' moments, I found that movie was much more engaging than this one which only really starts moving when the Enterprise is attacked (and even THEN, not quite enough to hold my interest). The "damn snow globe in space" is visually interesting, at least.Positives of the film? The cast make the movie watchable. In the plus column: Chris Pine playing the least jerky version of his Kirk so far and Zachary Quinto's Spock. Sadly, their friendship isn't focused upon as much as the last film, though what scenes they do share are decent. Meanwhile, Karl Urban's Bones gets more focus, and I think most will agree that's an asset to this film. He shares scenes with both Kirk and Spock, and their dynamics provide a lot of what's enjoyable in the movie. Tied with Bones for "MVP" of the film is Sofia Boutella's character, Jaylah. She certainly stood out to me the most in the film's first trailers, and despite being newly introduced, she pretty much steals the whole movie. Not only is she physically striking (Boutella rocks the black-and-white body paint/markings like nobody's business), but she's also a fierce lethal warrior woman who provides some of the film's best action as well as comedic moments. Before rolling your eyes at this description, just trust that she kicks arse, but actually looks *believable* doing so (unlike certain other crew members).Jaylah's first paired with Simon Pegg's Scotty, who she calls "Montgomery Scotty", then later teams up with "James T" (as she calls Kirk) and the rest of the crew. While some of the film's humour falls flat, her names for some crew members and not quite getting certain references are an example of the few genuinely amusing running gags throughout the movie that actually *work* (along with her liking "the beats and shouting" of Public Enemy/the "loud and distracting" Beastie Boys music). This is the first movie I've seen Boutella in, but already she's made a lasting impression on me. I enjoyed her fun banter with Scotty and her dynamics with the rest of the crew. She not only gives us what these movies have sadly been lacking thus far (a believable action heroine), but is also important to the story. She's crafty with traps/snares and holographic projections of herself, her character is given depth and a backstory that ensures you're invested in her survival. I'm pleased there are hints that she may well return (hopefully the promise of joining the "family" won't turn out as hollow as it was for poor Alice Eve's absent Carol Marcus, who doesn't even get a mention).The crew gets split up when the Enterprise, which just can't seem to catch a break, is destroyed (as it seems destined to be in every movie) and crash-lands on a planet thanks to Idris Elba's villain, Krall. While I'm sure many will disagree, I actually found Benedict Cumberbatch's villain in STID more captivating. While Krall certainly has an interesting look/voice (although, like with Simon Pegg's Scotty, his voice almost requires subtitles at times, as it's hard to make out what he's saying occasionally) and a somewhat surprising backstory, I can't say I was that invested. Nor was I overly fond of any of the alien characters (save for Jaylah), especially the double-crossing Kalara who kick-started this whole mess, thereby teaching Kirk a lesson in not believing every sad story one hears (at least he catches on eventually). Uhura hasn't much to do, though thankfully her boring relationship with Spock doesn't take up too much screen time, while Sulu and Chekov have their individual moments. Leonard Nimoy's Ambassador Spock plays an important part in the character journey of Quinto's Spock, and both he and Anton Yelchin receive dedications mid-credits. Silly things people were criticizing about the trailers, such as the use of Kirk on a motorbike and yet more Beastie Boys, are actually used surprisingly well in the movie (though some mightn't think so). I was one of the seemingly few who didn't take an instant dislike to the movie's trailers and was willing to wait and see how the film as a whole turned out before judging. Naturally, there will be those who will go into this movie ready to hate it and come out feeling the same way (as well as those who just won't bother to see it, despite criticizing it), then there'll be those not expecting much, who might wind up surprised and find they enjoyed it. Fans might appreciate some of the nods given here to past Trek. I myself had no preconceived notions going in, and whilst there were aspects/moments of the movie I quite enjoyed, on the whole I was somewhat bored...but hey, I think Into Darkness is the best of the three new Trek movies thus far...so what do I know, right? Hopefully, the next one will be better/I'll enjoy it more.
평점: 3	리뷰: You know how people say 'this movie was soooooo... i had to register just to comment on it'? Well, i'm one of those people who immediately after that think 'i'm too lazy - i'll never do that'.Where even to begin??? (Some spoiler alert) From the main villain who is a bad version of Khan, to the crashing scene of the Enterprise - everything in this film is a bad rehash of what happened in the previous movies. Just with a lot more awfulness. Most of the lines fall flat(with a few exceptions not even worth a mention) in spite of the same quality acting. After all - the actors are not the ones to blame for the stupidity of the script. JJ Abrams just got tired - again - and it shows.And if you are not convinced yet let me ask you something. What are the most basic things fans expect from a sci-fi movie??? Tech and special effects, obviously. Well this movie has two scenes where they show some tech and only one memorable explosions. It wouldn't be so bad if the script wasn't held together by spit and duct tape. But it is.For all the ST fans - not worth the ticket. Just wait until the DVD/bluray is in the bargain bin. If it wasn't for the acting i would have given it a zer0. And for those who think it was good - YOU HAVE NO TASTE!!!!!!!
평점: 9	리뷰: This is the new Trek movie I've been waiting for; one where I didn't just love the cast, but the actual movie (and also the cast). It even does a few things I thought were impossible, like making me leave with Kirk in the running for my favorite character. For the first time, including in the TV series, I really feel like we get to see the ballsy, tactical genius that warrants the legend Kirk is supposed to become, and I've gotta hand it to Chris Pine because this time around he knocks it out of the park, as does everyone else in the cast. Beyond is still very much an action movie first at its core, but it finally has the heart that the others lacked to make it really feel like a Trek film (funny how replacing someone who doesn't care about the series with Simon Pegg will do that). One of my problems with the previous movies is that I kept feeling like ridiculous things would happen for no reason other than JJ Abrams thought "wouldn't it be _awesome_ if...", without regard for whether it actually contributed to the story or, you know, made sense. I always left feeling like my intelligence had been insulted a bit (or more than a bit). This movie doesn't just avoid those ridiculous things, it does them, and then actually pays them off. Like, three or four times I started thinking to myself "oh movie, you were doing so well, but now you're trying too hard to be cool again, and it's totally not going to wo-- HOLY CRAP THAT WORKED AND MADE SENSE AND WAS Awesome". There are also little nods in memory of both Nimoy and Yelchin, and a couple of well-placed love letters to the franchise as a whole that... well, let's just say there was a lot of dust in the theater by the end. To sum up: Simon Pegg and company get it. The new Trek cast finally has a movie worthy of them, and it's about damn time.
평점: 8	리뷰: Star Trek Beyond is the third instalment in the rebooted Star Trek film series. While not as enjoyable as the first film, I would say it's definitely as good as the second. Once again, it is a great modernised version of the classic Science Fiction series.After three years of their five year exploration mission, the crew of the USS Enterprise, led by Captain James T. Kirk (Chris Pine), pull in for resupply at the star base Yorktown. While there, the crew encounter an alien named Kalara, who is the sole survivor of an attack by Krall (Idris Elba), a vicious alien warlord who wiped out her entire team searching for an ancient artefact. Kirk decides to dispatch with his fleet on the Enterprise to face Krall head-on and discover what he intends to with the artefact.Still retaining the charm of the original Star Trek series while also appealing to today's movie-goers, Star Trek Beyond is a solid, respectful entry into the franchise. My favourite parts in particular were the expanded characterisation and dialogue between Spock (Zachary Quinto) and McCoy (Karl Urban). Also, the action scenes were great, thanks in part to director Justin Lin, who directed some of the Fast & Furious films, and the special effects were very well done as well. This film also featured a nice tribute to both Leonard Nimoy and Anton Yelchin, who tragically passed away recently. If you're a Star Trek fan, definitely check this one out.I rate it 8/10.
평점: 6	리뷰: Took me 5 minutes to choose between 6 and 7.First of all: For me, who was very disappointed from the last part, it was a better movie. It also was a better Star Trek.The remaining question was...was it a GOOD Star Trek. Yo...Nes....in a way. The dialogs were a lot better and more fitting to the characters than in than in the last movie and for the first time felt like the where actually the characters and not just look like them. I very much assume that that this is thanks to Simon Peggs rewrites.So a lot I do think that a lot of credit that makes the film better than the previous movies goes to him, especially when it came to characters and dialogs.The characters: Kirk: Sorry Pine still doesn't fit the role. And that within the first 6 minutes of the movies he goes from being SOOO borrredd by everything to wanting to get rid of the Enterprise THIS IS KIRK.....who doesn't care enough about the Enterprise to stick around for the first 5 year voyage. And then only does because he assumes that it is more interesting than a space station? Spock: Quinto is a good Spock and a god actor. But he is at his best as far away from Uhura as possible. At this point we have had them fight about their relationship in 3/3 movies. I like his interaction with McCoy and heck even Kirk.McCoy: Urban is fantastic. He and Spock are the ones resembling their alter ego the most. He is just great and really one of the reason to make the movie watchable.Scotty: I really like Simon Pegg and like I said. I think his writing saves most of the movie. He is great characters but he is very different than the old Scotty. Now decide for yourself if that is a good or a bad thing.Uhura: The Girlfriend. I still think that the strong female character of my childhood is reduced pretty much to that. Yes she has some action scenes. But way too many that just have her and Spock argue. Just like him her characters gains a lot if she is on her own or with another Crewmember.Sulu: I still don't get the complains about his sexuality. It you are not bothered by it is a sweet short scene that could have been longer. I think his family could have gotten a bit more screen time. And for those Bigots bothered by it.....it's so short that you probably wouldn't have spotted it .Checkov: It sad that it's Yelchin's last appearance because he made pretty good with the Plot that he was given and had a lot Screen time that I had thought.The Story: I did have a Guardian of the Galaxy flashback a few times....which was good since it did save the movies from being as bad as the last. It also wasn't a remake which is a BIG plus for me. But it still didn't feel like the Star Trek of my youth.The Soundtrack.............no comment.The worst scenes: Scotty making almost the same jump as Brian in the last Fast and the Furious. And Kirk and the bike. Yes it was a nice action scene....but so little like Star Trek. Also Kirk not being the smartest person when it comes to planning but most of the time just being lucky.AND Kirk wanting to get rid of the Enterprise.All in all it was a good Science Fiction movie and finally a new Star Trek Remake movie that wasn't completely terrible.I would have given 7 to the SciFi movie...but the fact that it was supposed to be Star Trek made me choose the 6.
평점: 7	리뷰: The latest installment of the franchise is packed with action and physical combat, and is an enjoyable enough adventure in itself, but breaks no new grounds in terms of sci-fi film- making nor advancing the Enterprise and it's crew in any longer term arc.The plot is kind of loopy and unconvincing, and one kinda of have to just ignore the weaknesses and just go with the action. The motivational element of the villain(s) is more of a 'really? That's it?" The Enterprise and its crew seems to have gone into 'unchartered' space rather carelessly and unprepared, and too easily overwhelmed. Also, Krall, the villain, could have simply threatened first to get the 'thingy' he wanted, and effectively demonstrated the efficacy of his threat, rather than go into the, "Who is he? Why is he doing all this massive destruction? What does he want?" Anyway . see it for the adventure, not the strategy and logic (despite Spock).Some plot devices are just overly retro and tacky in a bad way e.g. playing loud metal-rock music to blast the smithereens of the rival multitudes of space pods => really? Some parts can also be a tad too Indiana Jones.There are probably too many scenes on terra-firma (almost three quarter of the movie). Being a Star Trek movie, one would probably expect more intergalactic actions.There is a reasonably good attempt at humor and most are worthy of a smile, though the overall dialogue could do with more oomph and sufficient gravitas. Chris Pine's Captain Kirk somehow does not come across here as sufficiently Captain-ny, and he looks a little blotted and not quite in tip-top shape. I think Idris Elba would have been a much more effective menacing villain (he has the look and the talent to pull it off) if they had NOT alien- masked him. As it is, he is indistinguishable, and is just another space-age movie villain. The stand-out character would be Sofia Boutella's white-bodied Jaylah, who flowed into the character smoothly and would likely see her again in future installments. (Sofia also did an excellent job as the blade-legged lady in 'Kingsman The Secret Service') Sadly, this would be the last outing for Anton Yelchin as Chekov (though he has four other upcoming movies in the pipeline). Also included is a little tribute to the late Leonard Nimoy. As for the 'gay Sulu' thing - hardly noticeable nor matter - that little non-dialogue scene could just as easily be about his brother and niece. Enjoyable enough, nothing disappointing, but nothing to write home about either. Worth a watch!
평점: 6	리뷰: Not a Star trek fan, I'm a sci-fi fan. There's a difference. Loved the first, disappointed with the second, then this. I don't know why early reviews are so positive, but anyway, it's my view. Been so long since a movie of this genre has been the complete package, story, acting, directing, CGI, etc. This movie does nothing to address that. I got bored 2/3 way in, wanting it to end. So many plot holes, just so many. Go see it, but don't have great expectations. It was nice to look at, but that's all. The bad guy started out being very good (at being bad I mean). Opening was OK, nice special effects, just no credibility. And way too much shaky camera, way to much.
평점: 10	리뷰: I couldn't wait to see the film and i genuinely loved it. Epic music, great humour, interesting story. What more can you ask?There are some actor greats here, and quite a lot of surprises. You can feel Lin's touch, but he didn't overdo it. You can also see Peg's influence on the script, which, in my opinions, has been very positive.There are some emotional scenes, characters are coming into their own. There are some winks to fans of the series. I like both the series, old movies and rebooted movies and am looking forward to the new TV show. This movie is definitely the step in the right direction for the franchise.Plan to see this several time and am already looking forward to Star Trek 4.
평점: 6	리뷰: After the two inaugural films of the now-called "Kelvin timeline" brought the stale "Star Trek" franchise back to life with a vengeance, this third episode slowly but surely sets the course towards calmer, safer waters.The subtitle "Beyond" is somewhat misleading because it promises some epic journey into unknown, something seen in "The Motion Picture", where the characters really had no idea what they were getting into and where some ambitious issues are raised. Here it's kind of like what the TV series used to be: The Enterprise floats around the space as it's its own playground and the crew gets into danger, alright, but you just know they will be fine by the end.The plot outline doesn't much differ from J.J.Abrams' entries, as it's basically another story of Federation cleaning up its own mess. The stakes are unbelievably high, again, in form of a villain bent on a wholesale destruction and the nearly indestructible super-weapon as a means to do it. However, the antagonist is disposed of in an almost cheesy, cowboy fashion by Capt.Kirk & Co. just the way typical villains-of-the-week were, in the old series. So I guess the "Star Trek" spirit is really back, for better or worse. Many of those who were unhappy with the "new" Star Trek will be much happier now, but I preferred the gloomy and costly resolutions of the first two films.The cast is now completely at ease with their roles, each one making their respective characters their own. Only Karl Urban as Bones seems to still be trying, unwisely, to emulate hammy mannerisms of his predecessor, DeForest Kelley. The director, Justin Lin, nearly matches his style to that of J.J.Abrams. He somewhat lacks elegance in camera angles and editing, but the pacing is adequate and set-pieces are really effective. Visuals are, in general, stunning and are probably the richest and the most detailed in the whole series.When it comes to verdict on "Beyond", it's a mixed bag for me. I admire the ambition and the impetus of the "new" Star Trek as much as I resent the cheese and safety of the "old" one. Some sort of convergence between the two seems to be in the making in the future and I'm afraid to glance "beyond" that point.
평점: 6	리뷰: At first, I want to point out that I'm not a nostalgic, original-series-only fan. I'd call myself a casual but very keen fan of Star Trek, of what Star Trek really is or rather was.So that being said I have to be honest and say that I'm disappointed with Star Trek Beyond more or less. I'm not an enemy of the reboots in general and the first one called "Star Trek" from 2009 is one of my all-time favorite movies. I'm aware of the fact that a modern Star Trek in cinema-format has to change things to be successful and popular but in Star Trek Beyond I nearly had the feeling that it is just a generic Si-fi Blockbuster. When it comes to acting and action there are some great scenes but that doesn't compensate the kinda bad story and plot.This is just my opinion and I don't force anyone to dislike this movie. Maybe it's easier to like this film and the direction these reboots are going when you never saw other Star Trek stuff before. :/ I still have some hope for the new Star Trek TV-show to come up next year though.And most important: RIP Anton Yelchin aka Pavel Chekov
평점: 9	리뷰: It's here, it's finally here. Star Trek Beyond is now in theaters, we can laugh and cry together my friends! LAUGH AND CRY! Why? Because Star Trek Beyond is great, perhaps even better than the first two movies.What I LikedFrom the beginning, Star Trek Beyond is a ride, it doesn't start with its usual action buuuuuuttttt it does have a bit of humor. One of my favorite parts of Star Trek Beyond was seeing other characters take on a larger role. Sulu, Uhura and Doctor Bones (my personal favorite!) all have their own part of the story. Their relationships change with the other characters and form something new and interesting. Bones has to deal with Spock, Sulu and Uhura have to work together. I loved seeing them play a bigger role :) The best thing about the Star Trek movie is the humor. It makes the movie so much better because they break intense action with a bit of comic relief. Bones is hilarious as usual with his negative attitude I love. You know a movie is good when it makes the movie theater burst into laughter for a few minutes than die down once the action begins. Star Trek Beyond was engrossing! Like I said in earlier reviews, Star Trek keeps upping the threat level of its bad guys. While this new one doesn't seem as threatening as Khan, he's still a pretty big problem. They have to put up a REAL fight to take this guy down and it costs them, tremendously. Rarely does it happen, but while watching Star Trek Beyond, I forgot I was watching a movie. It was weird, halfway through I blinked and realized I was in a movie theater. That's how swept away I was! The new character Jaylah is so cool, I like her a lot :) plus I ship her with a certain character *whistles innocently* THE FINAL BATTLE WAS SO EPIC, OH MY GOSH. I have to say it was one of the BEST battle scenes I have ever seen. Seriously, the music just killed it. The mood was so tense and it looked so beautiful, it was so well done. I'd love to see the movie again, not just for the humor, but for that battle. Honestly, it was amazing.What I Didn't Like There was only one problem I had with Star Trek Beyond, the villain... He was kind of hard to understand, sometimes I had NO idea what the heck he was saying. Not only that, but his motives seemed kind of random and out there. I'm not sure if that's just me, but I was a bit confused, it might have helped if I could understand him, it would have been nice if they had subtitles or made his voice clearer... Part of why his motives might have seemed weird to me might be because I couldn't understand him. Well, that's just another reason to see it again :DOverallI'm glad I saw Star Trek. It was constantly funny, had an amazing final battle and let some minor characters take on a bigger role. GO SEE IT!
평점: 9	리뷰: I loved this film. It was everything a Star Trek film should be. It was funny, it was fast, it was thrilling, and it had a great message. In the first film I complained that the new crew was too animated. Kirk and company were like bunch of wild kids who had no idea what they were doing commanding a star ship. I complained that they made Spock too human in the sequel. In this movie, the crew finally found their stride. I finally felt like I was watching the crew that I knew...a well-oiled machine who had their priorities straight. True, this film was a bit formulaic. True the movie included story elements already explored in previous films. Still, it was a ride that I would take again and again.
평점: 8	리뷰: The third installment of the rebooted series brings in the new director Justin Lin and sees the crew of the Starship Enterprise exhausted from over half of their five-year mission. The routine weighs on Captain James T. Kirk (Chris Pine) as he reflects on another year past with his best friend Dr. Hank "Bones" McCoy (Karl Urban). The duration has frayed relationships between Spock (Zachary Quinto) and Lieutenant Uhura (Zoe Saldana). A stop at the magnificent spectacle space station Yorktown brings a new mission that has the crew of the Enterprise traveling beyond an unnavigable nebula. When the action starts rolling it never lets up. Lin is an expert at showing ships swooping and soaring at breakneck speeds. The close-quarters gunfights and hand-to-hand combat suffer a bit from the rapid, shaking camera movement but other times, he hits the sweet spot of sci-fi action. The crew is scattered across a planet and each separate pair takes on a mission from Uhura and Sulu (John Cho) held captive by the villainous Krall (Idris Elba) who has mysterious motivations. Simon Pegg pulls double duty as a co-writer and starring as Montgomery Scotty, adding welcome humor to the script.Check out more of this review and others at swilliky.com
평점: 7	리뷰: Well, I love Star Trek. Watched 'em all, and I worked at Paramount Pictures in the Gene Roddenberry Bldg, and got to work with ST:TNG a few times. And I really love the Pine/Quinto/Urban (Cho/Soldana/Pegg..) & company's version, even though I think JJ Abrahms is all too often a derivative writer who re-writes (plagiarizes) too many prior films, yet directs very well. So I'm a fan. And right near the beginning, either the continuity dept./ the writer (Simon Pegg/D Jung/ etc.), or whomever buggered it for me when they showed Ambassador Spocks' birth/death date as "Stardate 2230.02 - 2263.04" (or something close to that), which means the older Spock was only 33 when he died. This obviously doesn't take into account his years from the future (And tells us how old Spock Jr. is at present). Seems to me in the future, they'd be smarter than that - perhaps by adding the time travel/ alternate time line date in the middle.I liked the humor in it, especially the horse excrement! and the tech was really good, along with set design, costumes, Acting (with this cast, Always excellent!). My criticisms duplicate what others have said, about the motivation of Idris Elba's character, for example. They should have gone WAY further with political relevance, like the way Gene & D.C. Fontana used to with TOS TV show, for example, the failing global economy; the bastardization of religion to cause terror (which has been rampant in recent years), or many other grand themes (yeah, I should have been a screenwriter..). The acting was excellent as always, and I saw a few new things now done before. However good the action was, there was too much of it. And the series has ALWAYS been about the characters and ideology. Let that mantra reign!! So even with my less-than-STELLAR critique, go see it. It's entertaining, and I guarantee it's worth watching. I'll see it again I'm sure!!
평점: 8	리뷰: I'm a 39 year old die-hard Star Trek fan. I've seen every episode of every series. I loved The Motion Picture. I loved Final Frontier. Heck, I even loved Nemesis. Star Trek Beyond was a very good entry in the Star Trek film universe. I would compare it to Nemesis, in that it felt like something you'd get in the midst of a season of a Star Trek series rather than something written for the big screen. Don't get me wrong, the film was epic, but budget aside, the script was small-screen material.And that's not a bad thing! After all, Star Trek was made on the small screen. Star Trek Beyond almost felt like a love letter to the Original Series at times, filmed on rocky sets made of Styrofoam, and it just felt smaller than the other two films due to these B-movie sets, and smaller cast. But I loved that about this film. Star Trek is supposed to be filmed on Styrofoam sets and it added a certain charm to the film that the modernity of CGI cannot match. Speaking of CGI. There were some amazing action scenes, and the best one was bittersweet, during the scene where the Enterprise breaks apart. Wow. Beautiful, yet sad to see such marvelous technology get obliterated. I was also surprised by the fight choreography in this film, especially the fight scenes that involved Jaylah, an alien that joins Kirk and crew in the fight against Krall, a rather one-dimensional, but menacing villain portrayed very passionately by Idris Elba. This will surely rack up another Oscar for best make-up and possibly costume design. Oh my goodness, those uniforms looked amazing! Even the pajama shirts looked expensive!But back to the script, I give Simon Pegg credit. He's clearly a Star Trek fan and he knows the characters. The chemistry was there, just like the previous two films, and the acting was fantastic all around. Justin Lin did a fine job at establishing a good mix of campy and serious tones and isn't that what Star Trek was always about? Trek was always both fun and enlightening. I laughed a lot during this film, it was definitely lighter than Into Darkness, not as preachy, but it had 2 or 3 good philosophical scenes, albeit, no where near as deep or esoteric as many of the old Trek films and series.One thing that surprised me was just how shallow Spock was written. There was no emotional conflict that you get with Vulcans, and no battle between his logical reasoning and human side. In this movie he cries, laughs, and showed no hatred for emotion. But hey, it's a different Spock. I think Scotty was absolutely hilarious in this film, and Pegg had more scenes in this once, which makes sense, given that the script was written by Simon Pegg. I really felt that Spock took a back-seat in this one, but 2 particular scenes of his really got me teary-eyed even though they were not so much about him, but the "other Spock." But then again, this wasn't a character driven film. Kirk had a scene that mentioned him breaking out of his father's shadow, and there was some love dove stuff between Spock and Uhura, but overall, Star Trek Beyond was a very plot driven film, with an unique, innovative Villain named Krall, despite being a bit one-dimensional. Krall had some good philosophical lines and he reminded me of a psychic vampire. But there was no reason to hate this villain other than the sheer fact that he destroyed the Enterprise and many other Federation ships due to his vendetta against Star Fleet. The shocking twist at the end finally revealed why, and it was unexpected too, which made the villain a bit more sympathetic, but just a bit. Final rating is an 8 out of 10. Not as good as the the best Trek films, but better than some others and the quality acting, action, jokes, and philosophy will surely leave both the new and old Star Trek fans satisfied after leaving the theater.
평점: 1	리뷰: I'm a Star Trek fan. To the extent I've watched all the original eps, all Voyager, all of New Generation, Enterprise... the movies... I'm not a purist. I like the franchise, but I don't care passionately about it at all. So you'd think I was the ideal target for this film. Where do I begin? Perhaps I made the mistake of seeing the 3-D version. It didn't work for me at all. What wasn't blurry was dark. If it moved, I lost it, and trust me, almost everything moved all the time. This was not a film for reflection or personal growth. It was high-octane action the whole time. The jokes were lame. Even without seeing it I bet you can guess: playful grumpiness between Spock and McCoy? Scotty complaining that he canna do something? Spock not getting some human feeling? Yup, all there. Nothing new here, folks, move along. Yes, these things are what make the series worth watching but they were tired, oh so tired and stale.I can't even go into all the daft plot holes... no, actually I will. So, they find a previous version of a Federation ship (about 100 years old?) crashed on a planet. It's all still working. On board, Kirk finds a motorcycle. Uh-huh. Within a blink of an eye he's on it and careering around a fearfully rocky terrain winning the day. Bloody hell, my bike doesn't start after a day in the cold let alone 100 years. In my world petrol evaporates. But I guess in the 24th century they've invented the other kind. Actually there are too many plot holes to bother writing about. The whole film was fantasy more than fiction. Star Trek was always so careful to keep its science credible and consistent. No longer it seems. Anything for a good plot device. Then there's the women... shall I get into this? Oh, go on, John, no one's reading you anyway. Thank God for tiny little blonde slips of girls, cus, ya know, they can kick ass. They'll save the day. Save Kirk, save the whole damn crew. In fact, I don't think the future needs men at all. It doesn't need men's strength, men's instinctive desire to explore and discover, men's way of viewing the world. This film has just told us so. Women rock. Women rule. Fine. I'll switch my allegiance to another franchise.
평점: 7	리뷰: Star Trek certainly has come a long way since the 90s with the plethora of series, but then again it probably did need a bit of a break before hitting the big screens again. For those who have been watching the 'reboot' (for want of a better word since it actually came about because of some time traveling anomaly) you are probably aware that they are recast the Star Trek crew though we still have the characters from the original series. However, due to advances in film technology it is much more spectacular than even the series that arose during the 90s. The main characters have also been changed somewhat, particularly Captain Kirk, who is a lot more brash, and rebellious, than the original character. Still, it is Star Trek, and I have to admit that I was never a huge fan of the show in the first place.Anyway, Kirk is on the third year of a five year mission doing what they do best – exploring. Mind you, he seems to be going through some form of existentialist crisis, particular since the whole idea of exploring is no longer all that fascinating, especially since when everything you discover happens to be the same, so even if you are traveling in places where nobody has ever traveled before, if you aren't actually discovering anything, then are you actually exploring, or are you simply just making marks on a map.Kirk was attempting (rather unsuccessfully) to broker a peace treaty with some rather unusual aliens, and in his possession was an ancient weapon. Mind you, this weapon, as far as anybody was concerned, simply wasn't operating, so they catalogue it, and store it away for future reference. So, they arrive at this pretty impressive star base on the edge of Federation space for a bit of RnR. However an unidentified craft appears and inside is a refugee asking for help to rescue her crew who have crash landed on a planet in the middle of a nearby Nebula. However, when they arrive they discover that they are ambushed by a swarm of ships that are lying in wait.It is a pretty enjoyable film, and it certainly isn't anywhere as wishy-washy as the original series – there seems to be a lot more guts to it. Mind you, having Simon Pegg involved in the production does mean that it also tends to be somewhat funnier than the previous incarnations were, particularly the opening scene (which is all I'll say, however is typical of what one would expect from British comedy). As for the film, it is your typical science-fiction film, enjoyable if you like the genre, moreso if you are a fan of the Star Trek franchise.
평점: 7	리뷰: I've never been a 'Trekkie' and have never actually seen any of the TV series or the original motion pictures, but as a sci-fi fanatic (though as one I probably really should've seen those by now, I know) I remember watching the 2009 reboot around its release with a few friends and loving every minute; the plot, the characters, the special effects... I'm not sure if I blinked once for those 2 hours. J.J Abrams' take on Gene Roddenberry's creation immediately made me a great fan of his work, leading me to see 2011's 'Super 8', his 2013 Star Trek sequel 'Into Darkness', and work my way through 121 episodes of 'Lost' for the first time. When I discovered Abrams wasn't directing 'Beyond' (no doubt due to his full focus on manning last years highly anticipated return to the Star Wars saga, and I'm sure we all understand how confusing it could've become working on a Star Wars and a Star Trek film at the same time) and noticed Justin Lin had taken his place, who I was already familiar with having watched him bring The Fast and the Furious series from two low budget street race flicks into a seemingly endless action-fueled blockbuster franchise that I can't decipher how I enjoy so much. I walked an hour to my nearest cinema to catch the midnight premiere in 3D (and later walked that same hour back and my feet are still feeling it) but ultimately, thankfully, and not expecting otherwise anyway, I was not disappointed by what awaited, and, arriving home after 3am, felt it was worth the exercise. I won't even hesitate before recommending seeing this film in 3D, because it offered plenty of scenes that worked beautifully in all their visual depth, including action sequences and extraordinary landscape shots that both had me grinning and wowing like I'd never seen a 3D movie before. The cinematography was amazing, though it was easy enough for me to tell Lin was applying his own techniques of filming here (which I respect, as some sequels I've seen have had directors clearly following by example of whoever directed their predecessor and not always producing a great result) and that Abrams was absent from the director's chair for this movie, losing his signature 'quick zoom' shots I'd noticed and found an effective touch in his two Star Trek films and in 'The Force Awakens', along with his incredible and admirable research of the original show and films prior to rebooting them. Chris Pine, Zachary Quinto and company deliver great performances as ever, and Idris Elba gives us an interestingly different role beneath some great prosthetic make up as main villain 'Krall', who, though thrilling in his own right, wasn't as chilling a villain to me as Benedict Cumberbatch's 'Khan' in the previous film. 'Beyond' I feel has the biggest emotional factor yet in the franchise, with less gags in place than the other two films, which, given in mind the loss this year of two great actors from the series, is understandably so, particularly in this being Anton Yelchin's final outing as Chekov, who, J.J. Abrams announced, out of respect isn't going to be recast for future installments. The pacing was fine for me throughout, and I was satisfied with everything that was fit into its two hour running time. On the whole I don't think 'Beyond' tops its predecessors but it was great fun to watch and filled with brilliantly executed action sequences and visuals. This is certainly a good and welcome addition to the franchise, and Justin Lin did a great job handling this sequel in Abrams' place, making this highly likely his best film to date. And it proves a touching tribute to the late Leonard Nimoy and Anton Yelchin. I'm looking forward to the confirmed fourth movie already, though it definitely won't be the same without them.
평점: 7	리뷰: A review of Startrek BeyondI had not been to the cinema for many years (36) and so finally the day came and I went. I chose Startrek Beyond which premiered in Dubai yesterday. I thought it would be a good movie to see with full effects and so we chose the IMAX version. In order to while away the time while watching the movie I composed a mini review in my head. Rather than letting it go to waste I am sharing it here for anybody who is thinking of going CERTIFICATION: PG15 I believe this means the movie was targeted at children under the age of 15 – and this was confirmed as the movie progressed. PLOT: Yes, it had one – one of the four that Hollywood uses for making movies. This was a great help as it made guessing what was going to happen next quite easy. ACTING: It also had some acting in it. The characters wearing the rubber masks were obviously limited to occasional eye movements (and also killing people) – sometimes they looked to the right and sometimes they looked to the left, and sometimes they looked at somebody. The characters not wearing rubber masks, only make-up, also restricted their acting to eye movements left, right, and sometimes they held a gaze 'meaningfully', which they will have learned in acting school. Dialogue was manageable in bursts of up to 7 words at a time, and followed conventional speech patterns ( Down at the end for a statement and up a bit for a question as in GPS systems) Of course they also killed people and jumped around the studio a bit. They had big plastic pop gun things which went bang bang and killed the baddies but didn't seem to work on the goodies. The continuity of Hollywood from 1890s wild west to future centuries is comforting. Also comforting is the fact there seemed to be oxygen absolutely everywhere on every planet and even in open space with no need at all for breathing apparatus. A tip to the director – seeing some of the actors explode through lack of pressure and die gasping of suffocation would have been satisfying to some audience members. HUMOUR: I believe there was also some of this. It was done in a Scottish accent so it was doubly hilarious. Although the 14 and 15 year olds would have been too sophisticated for it, some of the 9 and 10 year olds might have been amused. It was a hazard only to adults who had recently eaten. SUMMARY: Overall it was an enlightening experience. I gained deep insights into the nature of Time – no matter how many times you look at your watch the end of the movie won't come any quicker. My companion, who also had never been to the cinema, summed up nicely, and totally innocently, when he said, "I enjoyed the technology. We must go again but next time we'll see a good film."
평점: 1	리뷰: The action scenes: 99% of the film and were mostly incomprehensible. I never knew where people were on the ship in various action scenes. It was all very disjointed... and stupidly (fast and furiously) unrealistic. Suspension of disbelief NOT engaged. Oh and the dreaded camera shake, the tool employed by directors to disguise badly choreographed action scenes... I'd take massive amounts of Abrams' lens flares over camera shake any day.The story: almost non-existent. It finally revealed itself near the end, but I found by then I didn't give a *expletive deleted*. Jumping from scene to scene, huge leaps, no transitions. No flow. Just yuck The weapon used to defeat the bad guy army: .....give me a break,PLEASE.The characters that we all know and love: empty, consisting only of their clichés and one-liners. During the very rare and random scene where character and emotion were attempted, I simply didn't care anymore (save for one near the beginning, and scene with a trio of characters at the end. ‪#‎llap‬) The laugh-track-esque laughter by about a fourth of he audience during the numerous one-liners: more proof that Idiocracy is becoming a reality.The best part of the movie: the two dedications in the credits. <3 Over all, an EXTREMELY disappointing film
평점: 10	리뷰: From its beginning "Star Trek Beyond" shows us how good movies are made. In a genre that has been largely ignored by people who evaluate movies and decide what is an example of great cinema, this one propels itself to the top of the heap, science fiction or otherwise. "Beyond" has learned from the previous entries. It doesn't have a boring moment, and it is built on a solid and entertaining script. The film explores important themes and originates from the one line that we have associated with "Star Trek" for 50 years now... to go where no man has gone before.The crew of the enterprise finds itself exploring a call for help near one of the latest Federation outposts, a dazzling city in the sky which is going to set the bar high for this type of film. The first 20 minutes of the movie are beautifully shot, with a combination of CGI and art decoration that shows movies can still inspire wonder and awe. I didn't think it was possible to show the Enterprise in new perspectives, but all of its glory is just a prelude for the second act, where its destruction is shown in a grand and detailed scale. When Kirk's team encounters the new enemy, we are treated to a mind blowing display of artistry. It is inspired by other films, but the execution this time is truly masterful. The damage unleashed upon the Enterprise is savage and painful to watch.Once the crew is split and stranded in different parts of a pretty hostile but breathtaking environment, we get to follow three teams of crew members trying to survive and defeat this apparently invincible villain. We get to see "Scotty" meet an amazon type warrior who has somehow managed to escape from the planet's prison. Her ingenuity and fighting skills become crucial in future events in the movie. With the help of Scotty and the place she calls her "house", we know there might be a chance for all involved.Kirk and Chekov have their own problems to deal with, and they are a special target for Krall since they have managed to hide a particular important artifact. Their adventures are the start of an amazing display of stunt work and spellbinding editing that will keep the audience on their toes. Some people might think the physicality of the movie overtakes what have become trademarks with the series: their sense of clever humour and their visionary approach to technology and science. We don't go deep into new scientific explorations, but it goes into the use of resources both old and new. Here teamwork becomes key to what might be their eventual success.The third team is the cleverest pairing of Bones and Spock, a dynamic that has worked since the series first entered public consciousness. The chemistry between the two actors is excellent, and the lines are effectively used, giving the audience some of the best movie moments. There's plenty of positive and exciting energy going here, as Spock becomes pretty vulnerable and gets a chance to explore his human side.Eventually, most of the enterprise team gets to fight together, and the action moves on the big climatic scenes. These are very good and compliment the rest of the film. I hardly believe anyone will complain about the film being long, and there is an emotional response to the references made to Nimoy, both in and after the film, and the sense of loss with the fact that Chekov will be greatly missed.This film is one of the most exciting and pleasant surprises of the year, a sequel that actually works and honors the sources and films that have come before, that has grown both in its visuals, its effects, and its heart keeps beating as strongly now as it did when it first burst into our galaxy. Here is the swan that came from that ugly duckling that was that preview, one that scared me into thinking imagination had surrendered to mindless entertainment. "Beyond" proves that cinema can still produce a sense of wonder in all of us, and it gives us faith that it is practically impossible to change the theater experience. For a while, I kept thinking of those big visual spectacles that Hollywood has given us such as "Lawrence of Arabia", "Star Wars" and "Mad Max", making think that there is still hope to go where no man has gone before.
평점: 10	리뷰: My review is short and simple. I am both a Star Trek and science fiction fan. I decided to go in on full free fall mode. Despite what the haters were saying; they themselves not even having watched the film yet. I stayed away from that poison. If you're a Trekkie or Trekker, you'll love it. If you're into fantasy, you'll love it. If you just appreciate a good movie, you'll love it. If you're one of those "fans" who are never satisfied with reboots in general and think that nothing could ever top your original love, then you'll definitely dig around for something trivial to make you bash it. A true fan who loves the concept, the science fiction of it all, the art, the futuristic sense, the imagination, the escape that Star Trek undoubtedly brings, then you'll appreciate the story. The actors deliver. The character development is on point. The music? Amazing. Go in and watch the movie and accept it for what it is. Don't look for something negative because if you go in with that mentality then you'll find find it. Haters gonna hate. Ainters gonna ain't. Go on. Be an "ainter". When you walk out of there realizing that for two hours you had escaped the harshness of the world, a world Gene Roddenberry was so against, you'll thank yourself for allowing it.
평점: 10	리뷰: Add to the list of clichés destroying whichever Enterprise is the latest one. Each death of the ship is more realistic and detailed, and in this newest Enterprise we learn the the ship is made of about 1/2 escape pods.It's stuff like that and transporting people jumping off of flying motorcycles, and the slapstick humor that passes for a plot that forces me to give this movie a 4/10.It was watchable, but where the last movies were bright white on the deck the whole interior of this Enterprise was dark and gloomy.My problem, and it really is my problem because it is plain that someone is liking these new movies, is that I want my science fiction to be science fiction, and Star Trek and Star Wars are both really SF fantasy. There is no real element of science fiction except that these stories take place in space, which, believe it or not, is not really a prerequisite for science fiction.Science fiction should be about challenging the imagination and provoking new ideas, but Star Trek now leaves nothing to the imagination and makes it impossible to think.It is sad. I keep going to see these movies, but the ultimately disappoint me, thought the pace gets faster and faster and the effects do get better. It is just not what I am looking for in a Star Trek movie, nor what I think you should be looking for. I just don't mind me or you looking at a little eye candy now and then since there is such a small amount of real science fiction.
평점: 10	리뷰: Great pick for both story and director. JJ entrusted the right person to keep the franchise moving along at warp speed and even the most fanatical Trekie will be hard put to find fault. Not only did they advance this story time line, but they stayed true to Gene's vision! The weave of old and new, scientific and pop culture, interpersonal relations and individual motivations are all of what made the original Star Trek grab the public's attention. Acting was spot on, everyone once again prove the profession by transporting the audience into that world. The tribute to both Leonard and Anton was appreciated and example of the class act from the franchise. Happy 50th Birthday Star Trek, Live Long and Prosper !!!
평점: 6	리뷰: Star Trek Beyond (STB) (2016) was a respectable reuse of a successful formula that has served several past Star Trek films (and other Sci-Fi films). Propping up a simplistic plot by the overuse of eye candy (CFX,CGI), lots of nonstop action adventure, interesting banter between the main command crew, and tossing in a mean nasty cutout villain to justify turning out another money making movie. Technically there was nothing wrong with STB and it was enjoyable being new Trek but it does contain a lot of empty calories. It was a safe within the bounds ST movie that shouldn't tax anyone mentally. At the end of the movie some people near me said he felt he had just been on a long roller coaster ride. Another guy said to him but this was ST and it should be analyzed (jokingly?). The other guy said back to him no it doesn't. I just felt like I had sat through an upgraded two hour average ST episode that was not anything special to commit to memory. A big bad guy shows up with a big pointy stick is stopped by a hero.**Spoiler Alert**This is a more Trekish story plot I personally would have enjoyed. The one main thing I would have improved was the villain. Instead of making the villain a nasty mean immortal soul sucking ex-soldier seeking revenge for being put out to pasture by the Federation. I would have made him (and his crew) immortal and "enlightened" from being exposed to bits of technology discarded by ancient beings when their culture evolved "beyond". Instead of wanting to destroy the Federation the "villain" would bring the next best thing since sliced bread and canned beer to the Federation thus advancing mankind to new heights without all that tedious time consuming galactic exploration (shades of Borg and Q). The problem would begin when Bones and Spock point out the "evolved" humans have become static and over the hundred plus years and have not done anything useful (still stuck on the planet, no rebuilding, no clean up or dusting, no children, and no emotions) but only fixated on bringing their better future to the universe because they are so "with it". Kirk's suggestion to wait and study their "gift" to the universe is considered by the villain as fear of change by Neanderthals and the evolved humans start to force feed their gifts on the Federation which causes the conflicts. At the end the Federation mostly wins and the remaining evolved humans are whisked away by the original ancient beings to be cured or cared for until the universe is ready for them. As parting compensation the planet is terraformed (made safe for the kiddies) for the Federation so they can continue to explore that sector of the universe.
평점: 6	리뷰: I'm not a Trekkie but a I loved Star Trek 1 and 2. Beyond is a nice and funny movie but not as good as the previous ones. In my opinion it has three problems 1. No time Action, action and more action... there just few quite scenes in the movie and less emotional parts. The movie doesn't take the time to explain something or to have breather. That's a pity. Spock and Kirk have an emotional crises but it's hard to understand them because you don't get the time for it.2. Villain Ridiculous villain. The motivation of the villain is really absurd. With some flashbacks and explanation he could have been great, but as mentioned before, the movie doesn't take time for emotional or explication stuff. It's hard to understand why the villain got evil and why he is doing this.3. Plot holes There are a lot of plot holes. Indeed, 1 and 2 had some too, but they were not so obvious.Conclusion: Beyond is neither a bad nor a really good movie. Switch off you brain, eat popcorn and have fun with it. It isn't really a Star Trek movie, but you can enjoy it of you like action movies.
평점: 10	리뷰: What you are about to read contains spoilers, go back if you do not want to see them. What can I say? This movie was spectacular. From the beginning to the end, it captured what makes Trek truly special. Not only did the movie explore diplomacy and cultural relations with other species on other planets, but it also explored the future and the past of humanity, which is ultimately what Star Trek is about. Gene Roddenberry created a Wagon Train-style Space Cowboy series to hide the real intent of his masterpiece: exploring what it truly means to be human and what issues we face, whether they may be related to war or discrimination or whatever else. You want to know what really sealed the deal for me though? The accurate source material. By God, Simon Pegg and Doug Jung created the perfect screenplay that followed the source material of all of the series, but mainly Enterprise. Now, I may have some bias here considering that Enterprise is my favorite Trek series (because of the premise of the youth of human exploration) but it truly was amazing how accurate it was. They had accurate weapons (spatial torpedoes and pulse phase cannons), accurate clothing on the video footage, they showed a shuttle pod in the video footage from the show, the cargo looked the same, it was a WARP 3 SHIP which actually fit the era! The icing on the cake here besides the accurate sourcing was the legitimate villain. I thought throughout the whole movie that it was just some random alien dude and I was a little disappointed, but HE TURNED OUT TO BE THE CAPTAIN OF THE USS FRANKLIN!!! That twist was amazing and I must say that I did not see it coming. Great plot, great writing, accurate sourcing, and most of all...it actually FEELS LIKE STAR TREK!!! This movie is rate up there with First Contact for me. I can't wait to see what the frontier holds for the future of Trek, in the movies and on the small screen!
평점: 4	리뷰: Let's get one thing clear: I'm a Trekie. I understand also, that a movie has somehow to appeal to a great amount of people in order to be financially interesting. Star Trek Beyond does it's job well. You don't have to use your brain. Indeed it's better to leave it at home when you go see that movie. But first things first, what was good about it: 1. Warp-Travelling: This movies shows takes, where the ship is seen really "bending space", which is the way warp-drives actually work. 2. The Space Station Yorktown: OMG! It's just so beautiful! A realistic view of what a space station could look like, considering the known technology of the star trek universe. BUT Star Trek Beyond has SO MANY PLOT HOLES and uses so many stereotypes, that it became impossible for me to give it a good rating.The bad guy: The troubled terrorist - for most of the movie it's not clear why he pursuits his goals. When it is explained, it does not make any sense. He possessesa great amount of advanced tech, which he could have used to get somehow happy. Instead he somehow need the space station in order to attack the rest of the federation. The "Better Ship": In a talk with an admiral, Kirk is informed that there is a better ship in the fleet as the Enterprise, but it's not finished. A good hint, that later on something bad will happen with the Enterprise, but they already organized replacement. When the replacement is really needed at the end of the movie, they just "build another ship". BUT EXACTLY THE SAME AS THE EARLY ENTERPRISE. No upgrades needed. The attack to Yorktown: Why they just don't send one ship to break throw the lines, use the bio-weapon and take the station over? Instead they send a overwelming power to the station. A overwelming power prone to loud music... OMG! What were they thinking, when they came out with this? The Gravity chaos on the station is just annoying. The Bio-Weapon behaves differently as firstly introduced. So many questions... It's no star trek any more. It's just another space movie, which does not care about accuracy. JJ Abrams just destroyed star trek.
평점: 8	리뷰: Spoiler free review: I was lucky to go to the premiere in San Diego at comic con... the night was amazing but it ended with a super fun movie. That's the best word to describe it... fun.The difference with the past 2 Trek movies was that unlike the original films we didn't bond with this cast over 100 or 200 episodes of slower paced TV. These guys were just tossed into it. This movie gives us an idea what a show with them would be like. It's impossible of course to do. But it was such a nice break form the overreaching drama from Into Darkness. This is still serious and has tearful moments and sincere motivations from characters... but it's also fun. Some people forget the original trek as Justin Lin told the crowd at the premiere that the original series was fun. It was funny. It was a pure comedy at times. and he's right. This movie takes all the elements the series was... (serious, funny, action, fantasy) and mixes it into one giant movie. Including the Shatner like fist fight. Loved it.Dialogue from Simon Pegg and Doug Jung was absolutely natural to the characters and everyone had their moments. The scenes of different characters sharing moments with each other was great.New characters Jayla is terrific. Sofia was great in the part. It's sort of a typical Justin Lin movie too as in the set pieces, action scenes fx were simply amazing... breathless... the character moments fantastic, warm, sweet... the story was very good but some holes and confusion at times but it's so worth having that for the pure fun this is.
평점: 4	리뷰: As one who loved the first two reboots under JJ Abrams, I was looking forward to Beyond in the hopes it would feature more discovery in uncharted space under the new director, but alas, it was more of the same as the first two films, only not as good. The dialogue was a step down, and as a whole, I was definitely disappointed.It's still Kirk, Spock, Bones, et alia and any Trek fan should see it, but I'm hoping for a more cerebral part IV, assuming there is one, and less frenetic filler. It's hard to elaborate more without SPOILERS, but I had to moan when there's a random motorcycle on the deck of a star ship, which is then incorporated into a rescue mission. It's about the pinnacle of contrivance.
평점: 8	리뷰: I will admit I was a Trekker before it was cool. I watched TOS and fell in love with the show. Space exploration, a divergent crew and aliens! The fact that there was no war or famine; everyone got along without issues was just the gravy. If it weren't for TOS and Gene Roddenberry Sci Fi would not be where it is today. That being said I must admit to being a bit reluctant for a reboot. I have seen all things Trek, every movie and every series and am still in LOVE with the Trek universe. I love JJ Abrams but wasn't sure he could take on my sacred Trek. I was pleasantly surprised with the first movie.the cast was awesome, the second movie was OK but hated that it was a retelling but, this third installment has restored my faith.I am probably one of the very few people on the planet not to have seen any Fast and Furious movies so I had no problem with the directing choice. The fact that Simon Pegg co-wrote the screen play had me intrigued to say the least. The return of all of the cast was a great relief and Idris Elba is one of my favorite actors so I was set for a ride. And what a ride it is! The special effects are pretty mind blowing and the action fast and furious! Forgive the pun What was even better was the character interaction. There is action yes but, there is humor too. The Spock/McCoy dynamic is at its best so far in this film. Karl Urban and Zachary Quito OWN their roles in a way that hearkens back to the witty banter of TOS. Of course the rest of the cast is on point also and I have NO problem with a gay Sulu..sorry George Takei. Chris Pine is the ultimate action hero in this one and his Kirk just gets better with time. Anton Yelchin is so very good as Chekov..I was looking forward to more story lines for him. He will be greatly missed. I applaud the decision not to recast that role in the next feature. Zoe Saldana's Uhura is a bad ass and the addition of Jayhla played by the fabulous Sofia Boutella gives us some major kick ass girl power.I don't want to give away any spoilers..go see this one! You will be pleasantly surprised.I was!!!!!
평점: 9	리뷰: By far the best Star Trek movie so far and the best movie of the summer. Better than Wrath of Khan or First Contact and definitely the best in the rebooted series. Not a boring minute in the entire movie, paced extremely well for sure. The starbase was absolutely amazing to see (your jaw will drop). The entire movie was just beautiful to look at. Tons of alien races to see as well as building on the interpersonal relationships of the crew. People are still complaining they want the old Star Trek back and this is as close as you can come. It deals with the crew as they are well into their mission to explore the vastness of space. The movies have to be more exciting than the T.V. episodes were or people would lose interest, and this movie absolutely delivers. I saw a few complaints about the movie being too dark or too much happening, making it hard to follow. I really only thought one scene was too dark to clearly see what was going on one. Great to see Anton Yelchin and so sad that he passed away before this latest installment was released. He did an amazing job as Chekov as well as most of the other roles he took on. They did such an amazing job with the casting choice for every character in the reboot. I read the next Trek movie already has the green light but they will not be recasting the role of Ckekov. I created an IMDb account just to be able to give my opinion on this great sci-fi movie. If you're a fan of science fiction, you should really enjoy this movie. If you're a fan of Star Trek, you need to go and see it on the big screen for sure. I will absolutely be seeing this movie in the theatre again!
평점: 6	리뷰: Roger Ebert once said that the two items he expects the most from "Star Trek" are ideas and character development. I concur wholeheartedly. "Beyond" delivers enough of the latter item to elevate it well above the level of its two cinematic predecessors.Why use the word "elevate?" Well, I personally condemned the first two "AbramsVerse" films as un-Trek-like, addle-brained "Star Wars" rip-offs. But after having viewed "Beyond" earlier tonight, I can see that first-time Trek scribes Simon Pegg and Doug Jung have injected much more zing and humanity into the iconic characters we've grown to love over the past 50 years -- more zing and humanity than the first two films put together, I'd say.Amid "Beyond's" backdrop of phaser shoot-'em-ups, kickboxing-the- alien-bad-guy fights, starship holocausts and even motorcycle stunts (yes, MOTORCYCLE STUNTS in a Star Trek movie), we are treated to the more Earthly pleasures of the Kirk-Spock relationship. And McCoy's acerbic needling of Spock. And Kirk reflecting on how he lost his dad years ago. And Spock's reaction to the (off-screen) death of Spock Prime (Leonard Nimoy) is quite touching, as played by Zachary Quinto.All the actors in this Trek fold, in fact, seem to have grown in their roles this time around. The chemistry between them flows freely and is even ticklish at times. The Pegg/Jung script certainly has a better handle on characterization that the Orci team did.Unfortunately, the film does not succeed on every level (for me). Once again, the overall plot borders on comic book-level dramatics, with an over-wallop of Star Wars-type explosions. And in the middle of all? A flat-footed. boring villain who is bent on getting an artifact in Kirk's possession so he can use it to kill many innocent Federation citizens. Why? Well ... because.The talented Idris Elba is stuck with the neanderthal-like role of Krall, a ruthless "alien" who craftily lures Kirk & Co. through a nebula into his home space. Once there, the Enterprise grapples with an immense army of "bees", which are thousands of one-man ships that end up pulverizing the Enterprise and capturing its crew, except for a few who end up on the planet below in escape pods (Kirk & Chekov, Spock & McCoy ... and Scotty).With the Enterprise literally being destroyed in the first 20 minutes, the movie then becomes a series of chases and fight scenes on Krall's planet, but those are still interspersed with some effective character moments involving Kirk, Spock, McCoy, Chekov and Scotty.So, anytime we see Krall or his storm troopers (my borrowed Dark Side word for his mindless henchmen) on screen, menacing or killing a poor hapless crewman or trying to do wrong, wrong, wrong things to Kirk and his mates, the movie becomes a generic actioner off the assembly line.By contrast, anytime we see Spock and McCoy trading barbs -- even bonding together when Spock thinks he might be dying -- the movie comes crackling to life. When we see Scotty forming a friendship with Jaylah, a native warrior-type girl on the planet, the film shows us how a Trek character can be a fun and entertaining counter-point to a simple-minded alien.That is why I found the opening minutes of the movie to be the most satisfying: Kirk is reciting his Captain's Log and during his voice-over, we see glimpses of these characters and the rest of the crew as the Captain describes how each of them is handling life in space. Soon after, we see Kirk and McCoy toasting a drink of whiskey (taken from Chekov's locker) celebrating James T.'s birthday.For me, it's a shame that Pegg and Jung (and director Justin Lin) didn't try to capitalize on more of the easy charm and heartwarming qualities that these characters can offer us. Instead, this film subjects us to more of the same sort of stuntmen-laden, CGI-drowned action that plagued the first two films ... that is NOT what Star Trek is all about.Ebert nailed it: Trek -- good Trek -- is ideas and character development. Obviously, these days, box office cash no longer comes from ideas, for sure. But character development? Absolutely. And this movie made more than a few baby steps in that very direction.Now if the next film can take giant strides in that same direction, we might have a pretty durn good Trek film -- for a change.
평점: 6	리뷰: **NO SPOILERS** & in brief:THE GOOD Acting - as in the previous two films, good, even if sometimes imbalanced and under utilized in areas (but only when compared to the previous films). Bone's interactions and humour are the highlights,especially with Spock. Sofia Boutella as Jaylah excels in all of her scenes. Special effects - for the most part, very good, though it's occasionally clear that much of the budget was spent on the Enterprise compared to some other elements/scenes. 2 other points regarding the finale but cannot mention without spoilers.THE BAD Directing – Poor framing, shaky cam and lack of coordination diluted every non-FX action sequence. You either feel like a distant observer or a disorientated participant - never the middle ground, never completely immersed as is the skill of a successful director (I literally don't know what happened during one sequence). His Fast & Furious movies should be your warning – we're not watching car chases here. Predictable - whilst there was a good twist at the end that I didn't expect, it was lost among the rest of the predictable crap, be it physical actions or the script. The final sequence seemed to follow a step-by-step guide on it! Script - Nothing game changing or memorable like the destruction of Vulcan. Nothing as intense or as dark as the crushing of an Admirals skull. Just a generic villain with a stereotypical cause, no intelligence. Star Treks foundations are not followed in my opinion - no exploration of space, no moral dilemmas or thought provoking issues - just an above par action film designed to appeal to the masses. Plot holes – described in spoilers below.Extra Note The hyped up 'gay scene' that so many lost their mind over was nothing more than about 6 seconds of run time. Without all of the news articles, many wouldn't have even noticed. OverallIt's not a terrible film and is indeed worth watching in the cinema. But Beyond is a step backwards, and Justin Lin wasn't the right choice. A Star Trek audience deserves an intelligent script, not a headache inducing action film that's full of plot holes and Hollywood stereotypes._________________**SPOILERS** & in-depth: Acting: As I mentioned, the acting is good for the most part, but slightly out of balance - each character had their individual moments with one another, but this approach eradicated the 'teamwork' feel. Perhaps that was the intention. But the biggest character of the film - the Enterprise - is missing, and so what we spend most of our time watching is a peril absent adventure on a poorly portrayed planet against a generic villain. Star Trek made its name my pushing boundaries, is that beyond the scope now? Destruction of the Enterprise: The doom of the ship was brilliantly executed here - Kirk's reflection in the escape pod's window as he sees the remainder of his ship go down, the attack of the swarm, the situation of panic, the way the enemy board the ship, the weapons used, etc.  Music: The Beastie Boys song playing during the Franklins attack is superb! One of the few truly standout scenes. The special effects of the swarm approaching the star base is also a beautifully menacing image.Plot Holes/'questionable'; Defeating the swarm: Bombarding the radio frequency to disrupt communications between each ship is ridiculous. These are spacecraft, designed to operate in space. Planets, comets, stars, giant clouds of gas and dust (such as the nebulae supposedly nearby the planet) give off radio waves - are we to believe that these ships are shielded from all possible frequencies and intensities of radio waves that exist in the universe, other than their own operating frequency used for coordination? Forgetting all of the vague excuses possible for this, what made them all instantly explode?! All they did was collide with each other (which didn't see Bones and Spock instantly blow up after they commandeered one), whilst the beginning of the movie showed some being capable of penetrating the Enterprise hull. A pretty serious and incredibly convenient design flaw if you ask me. Besides, it appeared as though they all had pilots - even if the swarms communication was interrupted, can they not fly individually as when they left the planet, just without synchronicity? Scottys crash landing: We'll ignore that this cliff scene is a copy and paste from Justin Lin's last Fast & Furious film. But after this, Scotty's escape pod falls down an incredibly large cliff. The time frame presented should not have had him arriving so quickly, that cliff face was thousands of metres high! How did he get down? PHASE HIM ALREADY!!! Kirk, please. He's holding a deadly bio- weapon. Shoot this fool already! But no, we need more predictable drama. And oh look, FOUR levers you need to pull to save the day. I wonder which number will fail, since we need more predictable drama. The Franklin: Less than 10% impulse speed should be enough to reach escape velocity. Can it not gather speed within the atmosphere, without a gravity assist? Thrusters are shown to be saving the space craft from the (stereotypical) impact at the bottom of the cliff - if a gravity assist really was needed, why not just go up in the air first, before the 'drop'? Predictable drama? Also, did the bad guy and everyone on the planet not wonder where the Franklin could have disappeared to after it had been 'cloaked' by Jaylah?! Video: So, Uhura made the connection that the bad guy was the old captain by a split second glimpse of a grainy greenish video screen in passing (and why was it even playing)? The bad guy literally looked nothing like the old captain...
평점: 3	리뷰: How is it possible to spend so much cash making a movie so utterly meaningless and bad? 185 million USD?This is 2 hours of your life that you will never get back.So, where to start? First off the story is so thin and seems like a child wrote it. It has no depth and right from the beginning you feel basically nothing for the bad guys or the good guys, and there are so many holes in the story.There happens to be a huge base far out in space where the Enterprise is going to restock? Isen't the Enterprise supposed to be out in deep space exploring?Next to this large space base there is a nebula and apparently a planet with perfect conditions for human survival. It seems to be right next to the large space base, which would seem very very unlikely considering the vastness of space. And the crew happen to land on the same small area of this huge planet so they can all meet up.Then they meet a character that seems to be a bad mix of Rey from Star Wars and Neytiri from Avatar who happen to have found an old federation ship (that of course they can get to work after 150 years on a deserted planet), very unoriginal.So the reason for the bad guy Krall to lure the Enterprise to his planet and destroy it seems to be a device that Kirk has that will help Krall kill people. But in the end of the movie it is very clear that using his ships alone he could have easily destroyed the base - so what was the purpose of this relic device in the first place?There is quite bad CGI during the whole movie. In every action packed scene especially the fighting the camera moves around so much it is hard to grasp what is happening. But even with this shaky camera trick it's impossible to miss how utterly bad these scenes are. The fighting scene between Manas and our Rey character is one of the worst Iv seen in a long time.The only thing decent with this movie are some of the actors and their dialog. Everything else, from story to script to CGI is just garbage.Im sorry I like Star Trek I really do, but this movie is not worth seeing in the cinema.
평점: 7	리뷰: The third installment in the new Star Trek franchise brings back the crew of the Enterprise with a new mission towards another unknown nebula. Chris Pine, Zachary Quinto, Karl Urban, Zoe Saldana, Simon Pegg and Anton Yelchin reprise their respective roles. Where Into Darkness brought a more dark tone in comparison to the first movie, this one brings back the fun, action- packed tone of the first movie. The crew is given the task of rescuing the crew of an unknown person/alien/species. During that rescue they are swarmed by the enemy led by the new villain, Krall, performed by Idris Elba(surprisssseee!!!) and the Enterprise is torn into pieces , yes AGAIN. I loved the surprise reveal of Idris Elba because I was completely unaware of the casting. Krall seeks to take back an artifact aboard the Enterprise and use it to take revenge on the Federation. Justin Lin has already proved that he is a great action director with his Fast and Furious film and he proves it again. The set pieces are huge and when the explosions begin, no matter how much you want to critically analyze it you cannot deny having fun. Here comes the catch. Even though the Star Trek franchise doesn't have any element of magic, the characters have a sense of vulnerability and that kept me on the edge of my seat wondering what will happen next. As the set pieces and the action sequences are quite destructive in nature you do feel that THAT should have turned them to pulp BUT leave all practicality behind and you will have a hell lot of fun. We are introduced to Jaylah, performed by Sofia Boutella who allies with Kirk to help them rescue his crew and also exact revenge on Kraal in the process.Coming to the performances, the most standout performance was Jaylah. She kicks ass like a boss and it is fun to watch. Her fight with Manas played by Joe Taslim(Raid, FF6) is awesome. Even through the heavy makeup the emotional loss her character has suffered is visible. The most amazing thing about these Star Trek movies is that they heavily rely on the interpersonal relationships of the lead characters. Kirk and Spock, Spock and Bones, Spock and Uhura, Chekov and Sulu, Sulu and Kirk, Kirk and Scott, these relationships are the foundation of the movie. I felt like I know them from a long time and they have known each other for a long time. Even though it has been 3 movies, the time that has passed in the continuity of the movie is long, so the maturity of the characters is very necessary. It shouldn't feel like that after 3 movies they are getting to know each other again and again. Everyone knows everyone's characteristics and they know it so well that they know what any of them are going to do next. Elba's Krall is poorly written. He plays the clichéd villain who won't win and it is extremely predictable once you know what his plan is and by now you know that the Federation cannot be severely harmed. I hope they do some serious damage in the next installment. Leonard Nemoy has a nice sending off. Yelchin as Chekov will be severely missed and as Abrams has announced that Chekov won't be re- cast, Jayla seems to be the worthy successor to occupy the seat beside Sulu and take the Enterprise to uncharted territories. FINAL VERDICT: It is a very entertaining movie and will help keep the franchise alive. My rating for the movie is a solid 7/10. Keep in mind that this is ultimately a Hollywood movie instead of trying to make it more practical. Admit it that we do need to have some fun and yes, this is fun and a nice franchise for the new generation to follow
평점: 8	리뷰: Star Trek Beyond has been released in India one week ahead of its release in the US and Europe, so I'm going to do all my friends there a big favor by reviewing.The biggest problem with this movie is that the villain is just not villainous enough. Even though he's Idris Alba, an actor of some note, he doesn't come across as a strong villain and it's not certain what he wants. Compare him to Benedict Cumberbatch in Star Trek Into The Darkness and you'll get what I mean. Chris Pine is aging at an alarming pace and I wonder how long he can keep it up. Karl Urban doesn't really deserve the screen time he gets in this movie. I enjoyed the movie more towards the end, once they've left the planet they're stuck in for a major part of the movie in and are airborne in space. The 3D effects are quite good.
평점: 10	리뷰: **Captain, sensors detect an unusually large amount of spoilers ahead. Advise we raise shields and proceed with caution** First and foremost let me start by thanking Screen Writers Simon Pegg and Doug Jung for breathing much needed life and adventure back into this rebooted series that it much desperately needed.I love Trek. Period. Always have always will. Trekkie til I die. So once the announcement was made that they were going to reboot the series I was angry. Sure Star Trek Insurrection and Nemesis weren't our finest hours, but this was Star Trek, you don't reboot an almost 50 year old property like Star Trek.Fast forward to 2009 and the reboot (or NUtrek if you're nasty) and it was great. The idea of an alternate time line worked because they could create the 'new' universe they wanted while still letting the prime time line continue wherever it was.Warp to Star Trek into Darkness, the moment we realized as a collective nerd hive that this new franchise that had so much promise was dead in the water on only its 'second' time out. The idea that they would take an episode and 2 movies, chop them up mix it together with some over the top action and call it a 'New' Star Trek adventure was insulting not to mention damn lazy.So once the trailers for Star Trek Beyond came out the first thing that I thought was, "this looks like crap" plain and simple. After being burned with Into darkness I was ready to give up on NUtrek and wait for the new TV series next year.But being the Trekkie I am, I couldn't stay away for long. Plus I needed something to take my mind off the Ghostbusters reboot. So I put on my Starfleet uniform and went.I am SO GLAD I DID.THIS is what Star Trek is all about. The crew in deep uncharted space with only themselves and the Enterprise as they explore the beyond. The interactions between the various crew members were there just like I remember, the sense of family was there just like I remembered. THIS IS HOW YOU DO IT! It was over 2 hours but it did not feel that way as you are instantly drawn into a new yet extremely familiar world that you don't mind spending time in.Pegg is a fan (not to mention plays Scotty in the films) so HE would know what the series needs. I've never really understood it, studios want these mythologies and episodic based reboots of TV shows to succeed so what do they do? They bring in non-fans and expect something fans would want to watch. Where's the logic in that? Bringing a fan in to write is the smart way to go, It worked with The force Awakens and it sure as hell worked here. The ratio of humor to action was well balanced, there was not a boring moment to be had and many literal laugh out loud moments by everyone in the theater.There were a few things that I thought of as I watched and I'd like to point them out it I may 1-Spock and Bones. I cannot tell you how great it was to see them back up to their old back and forth with each other. Each time they came up on screen together I smiled.2-The Vice admiral job. They were going to let Kirk have it? The young and reckless one? You're telling me no one in Starfleet questioned this BEFORE he saved them all? 3-The youth/energy sucking thing. Krall crash landed on the planet, found this alien technology and thought 'If I hook someone up to the other end I bet I could suck their youth out'. Not my thing but hey, everyone needs a hobby I guess.4-Jaylah, she has been down there for who knows how long, escaped Kralls death camp, living on her own in fear, she just encounters Scotty and after a few words to him trusts him enough to take him into her secret 'house'? Much less didn't talk to Kirk or Chekov and instantly sets them free and lets them into her 'house' too? If she's that trusting, how did she survive on her own that long? 5-I have had to say goodbye to as many Enterprises as I have Doctor Whos. You have to hand it to the old girl, no matter what universe or time line she's in she will always go out fighting.6-The Star Trek universe really loves the Beastie Boys7-Bones and Spock crash on the planet, Spock is injured so Bones heats up this pointy piece of metal to cauterize the wound. Once he's done he pulls the point away and it's gone. Did he leave the super-hot metal point inside the wound? Why didn't he use the weapon to seal the wound and bypass the metal to begin with? 8-Gay Sulu. It's just a few seconds and quite honestly really didn't add or take away from anything so I say more power to them. Also, Sulu husband is played by the script co-writer Doug Jung.9-The Old Spock scenes were well done. Once Spock learned of it it was sad, but the end when we see the picture of the classic cast, there was not a dry eye in the theater. Well played Star Trek, well played.I could go on but I'm out of words for this review.Cliff notes version: GO SEE STAR TREK BEYOND! This is Star Trek at its best, a shutout out to the glory days we thought were past us. Beyond shows us that this Trek is new and different but just as familiar as it ever was and that is extremely comforting in this day and age.
평점: 8	리뷰: This movie follows a generic story line .Movie is divided into three acts and after each act it gets better and betterAction is awesome,intense and fast paced with a lot of cool camera tricks .And the movie is very funny at times when needed.(Way funnier than the recent GHOSTBUSTERS)Villain was week in the start but it got better in the end.I would recommend to watch the movie in 2D because in 3D some the movie's action scene looked very dark and you can't figure out what was happening.In the end it's a great and fun time .
평점: 8	리뷰: I thought this was a rather mediocre production all around. Too much emphasis on visuals and less focus on plot & character development.All the actors did a wonderful job. I especially enjoyed a more grown up Jim Kirk and I'm a big fan of Idris Elba, even though you don't get to see him much without his make-up & costume. Speaking of which: Kudos for the make-up; there are some really fabulous creations in this movie. Yorktown was visually stunning as well.Now to the not so good: Destroying the ship at the beginning of the movie felt like sucking the air right out of it. The story line was somewhat flat and lacked build-up, even logic. The directing was poor with regard to a lot of the special effect scenes. Fast & Furious came to mind. Fast, shaky and dark action shots fail to engage the viewer's eye long enough to make out and enjoy what you're seeing. Some of the scenes on the planet felt a bit like the old studio shot scenes with fake scenery... like Scotty picking up a clearly fake rock. I also noticed some inconsistencies throughout the story, incl. their outfits - how do they suddenly wear different items of clothing, while stranded on a planet?This may have been my local AMC theater but the sound was off a bit, too. Dialogue was in some parts not loud and clear enough to properly hear what they were saying.I'm predicting that die-hard Trekkies will be disappointed in this installment, maybe more so than I was.It's entertaining but a bit too shallow for my taste.
평점: 6	리뷰: Better than the previous 2 much of which made no sense at all. Still cannot get my head round Fratboy Kirk, em-Spock and Simon Peggs much lauded but I am afraid for me crappy performance as Scotty. If you can get past the Vulcans letting an vastly over-emotional Spock represent their race at Starfleet and Kirks continual promotions despite continual cockups then maybe. Bones is the best thing in it and you can see DeForrest Kelley in there. It is still a bit wham bam crash bang wallop for me and loses a lot of the original series. Not quite the JJ Abrams plot holes the size of small galaxies in here which helps a bit. Reminds me of the TV series Gotham i.e rename it, rename the characters and maybe the reboot natural lazy writing will disappear .. so call it Star Battles and have capt Kerr, Mr Svarc etc and it could have been a CGI/SFX extravaganza to please the fans who dote on that.
평점: 7	리뷰: In a swarm of hit and misses for the 2016 Summer blockbuster season, Star Trek Beyond quietly but surely surges to the top of what the season has to offer. Beyond, the 13th in the ever ageless franchise brings the reboot series another well oiled addition. Positives: DIRECTING - New comer to the franchise Justin Lin brings his Fast and Furious expertise and shows them off incredibly well. He hits the mark on most occasions, showcasing he understands the source material well without diverting it away from what made the franchise iconic. ACTING - All actors involved play their part with expert precision, what makes the film so much enjoyable is seeing supporting characters received increased screen time over previous installments. SCRIPT - Simon and Doug's script is well written and adds smart character humour that makes character banter all the more fun to watch. TECHNICAL FEATS - From the films perfect score to its dazzling special effects, the films Audio/Visual qualities are top notch. Negatives: STORYLINE - Whilst exciting 1st and 3rd acts are fun to behold it is quite pedestrian in its ambitions particularly the films 2nd act which slows the film down. The film does feel like a 2 hour TV film due to it's structure. PREDICTABILITY - There were times where it became easy to read where the film was heading and how problems were going to be resolved. Film Highlight - The Enterprises deterioration and Krull's entranceFilm Lowlight - Sluggish second actWhat could have made the film better - Krull makes an impressive entrance to the film and really brings an energetic kick to the scene playing around him. But with most villains in cinema these day (see a good chunk of the Marvel Cinematic Universe villains for reference) he is no Darth Vadar/ Voldemort/ The Joker. Which is a shame as he fits perfectly into the Star Trek canon of Villains. A little more fleshing out and he would stand out from the crowd contending to enter into the same league as the ones listed above. In Conclusion: With so many intended blockbuster failing to impress this season, the latest Star Trek films flies from the beyond bringing with it a much-needed-tent-pole-franchise-boost to your local cinema. It's a well executed film that will satisfy all that associate the Star Trek brand as high quality entertainment.
평점: 7	리뷰: Movie was an entertaining romp and worth watching on the big screen. The CGI was simply incredible and it's amazing what they can do these days.That said, the plot was just meh and had several huge impossibilities or just dumb sci-fi moments. Reminded me of some old Trek movies. Some jokes were funny, some fell flat.The worst parts above all were too dark, very shaky camera scenes that left you asking, what just happened there? There's no way that someone could follow the details of some of the action scenes.All in all, I like the previous reboot movies much better, mainly due to plot. Time for another reboot?
평점: 6	리뷰: High hopes for it despite the weakness of the current reboot being Chris Pine. Good script by Simon Pegg, paying homage to the original series and a good set of one liners, mostly delivered by Simon Pegg / Scotty. The problem is that reliance on special effects and a continuous roller coaster making some sections difficult makes it a reasonable film, rather than the previous outing with Benedict Cumberbatch as the baddie. If you are a fan of the original (5) series there are many serious plot holes including a complete disbelief of some of the technology & sets. Please keep Vulcans as the unemotional beings, rather than ones with a crush on.... I saw it immediately after Big Friendly Giant, again reliant on CGI but with an excellent script, great characterisation and special effects that made it a delight to watch, not a roller coaster.
평점: 9	리뷰: Wow, this is the best action film I have seen this year but that is not to say that it is all action as thankfully it isn't there are many tender and emotional scenes. This is the best film in the new rebooted Star Trek universe with the crew now more of a family and this love and respect for each other shines through. It is quite sad when you realise that this is the last time this family is complete with the tragic loss of Anton Yelchin. The cast are fabulous and they are all given something productive to do to keep the plot moving. The villains of the piece are truly villainous, the action sequences are full-on but not overdone or too long. My only problem with the film is that the identity of bad guy was telegraphed too early but all in all it is a terrific film.
평점: 9	리뷰: From Paramount Pictures and Bad Robot, Producer J.J. Abrams once again returns audiences to the world of Captain Kirk aboard the U.S.S. Starship Enterprise (NCC-1701) in a film that encompasses much of what was loved about the original series/movies, and combines that soul with the film production technology of today. Despite the subdued anthropological subtext, which is one of the primary differences between the Star Trek and Star Wars universes respectively, this story will definitely keep you entertained with brilliant writing and a nostalgic feel. For long-time fans of the franchise that's been around since the 1960s, you will find that Abrams handles the settings and characters with care and respect. The third film in this reboot series, Star Trek: Beyond is one roller coaster of a ride that boasts a narrative pace that moves at warp speed. If there is one fallacy in the storytelling of this installment, in the Abrams reboot of the Gene Roddenberry classic, it is the lack of social commentary on the human condition that has been at the core of Star Trek since its creation. With a fantastic cast, incredibly strategic direction, and beautiful cinematography and visual effects, Star Trek: Beyond will whisk the audience away to the final frontier and "boldly go where no one has gone before."As a long-time Star Trek fan myself (TNG & Voyager), one of the very first elements I picked up on at the beginning of this installment was the trademark bridge sound effects from the original Star Trek TV series. Employing a little suspension of disbelief, what with all the flat panels and touch screen displays and all, the bridge of the NCC-1701 Enterprise still boasts the old soul of the bridge that started a universe of adventures that continue to this day. Fortunately, visionary producer J.J. Abrams, director Justin Lin, and writers Simon Pegg & Doug Jung craft a story that mostly takes what made the franchise so endearing and channel it into an exciting story for audiences today. From the characters to the dialog, and from the interpersonal interactions to the settings, this Star Trek movie effectively leads the reboot of the franchise in the right direction. Having just watched Abrams' Star Wars: the Force Awakens back in December, I was very curious as to how similar Beyond would look and feel as compared to the aforementioned. Forced to decline the director's chair for Star Trek: Beyond, Abrams turned the reigns over to Lin while still serving as the creative producer. Directing Star Wars and producing Star Trek could have left audiences with similar cinematic experiences; however, both movies are vastly different but provide fans with excellent additions to the respective universes.Prior to screening the movie, I was very skeptical going into it since the various trailers for the film were disappointing–looked like the film was going to be cheesy. To my surprise, the film was definitely not hokey and played out exceptionally well. Compared to the previous two films, I definitely like this one much more. That is mostly attributed to the fact that Beyond felt like a Star Trek movie. The previous two installments felt like a Star Trek movie taking place inside a Star Wars-esque universe. Hopefully, this film will redirect the reboot of the motion pictures in a direction more closely aligned with the original series and movies. With Star Wars and Star Trek trying to find their respective places in today's culture of media, entertainment, and gaming, it is important for both series to be distinctly different from one another. Now, I don't mean different stories or characters–obviously, that's a given by default–but I mean the feel of the stories needs to be unique. Star Wars is an action-adventure mostly concerned with good v evil and Star Trek is science-fiction that concerns itself, traditionally anyway, with the human condition. Both take place in the future, but are different experiences. There is demonstrable evidence in Star Trek: Beyond that the franchise is seeking to stay true to its roots in anthropology and psychology; whereas Star Wars: the Force Awakens is staying true to its roots in futuristic good v evil in a galaxy far, far away.From a technical perspective, the film is flawless; however, it would have been nice to have seen more practical effects and miniatures more so than digital effects, albeit, the effects were impressive. I appreciated the focus on the interpersonal relationships between the characters, and how it upstaged the actual conflict. Yes, the conflict in the story is important and is what drives the action, but it's the characters themselves that are the most important element in the narrative. Does this film shift the dominant focus off Star Wars and onto Star Trek? Not particularly. But does this movie pave the way for the Star Trek movies to be on par with the Star Wars movies? I believe that we could begin to witness that trend. Star Wars has the massive advantage of being owned by the Walt Disney Company; and therefore, TWDC is integrating that IP into the parks, cruise line, and merchandise. That is HUGE. Unfortunately, Star Trek does not benefit from being owned by a distribution company and legacy studio with theme park investments in the United States, anyway. Paramount did have amusement park investments, but sold them off to Cedar Fair many years ago. Perhaps the interest in the Star Trek movies and upcoming TV series in 2017 will generate a desire for this IP to become part of a themed entertainment property as well.Whether you are a fan of the original series or movies OR you are a new fan to the Star Trek universe, I feel confident that you will find much to enjoy in this newest installment in the Abrams reboot. Hopefully the film will perform well over the weekend and begin to generate an interest in the upcoming TV series as well.
평점: 9	리뷰: Based on the first trailer that came out, I expected this movie to be like fury road. Boy was I wrong (the motorcycle was barely in it).Anyway, I REALLY enjoyed the first movie, and this one was almost as good. It didn't drag, didn't bore me, didn't set off my "that is stupid" alarms, and had a pretty cool plot line.No point in giving a lot of information, I'll just say if you enjoyed the other new Star Trek movies, you will enjoy this one.If you get all whiny about lens flares or some shaky cam in some heavy action scenes, you may have some beefs. If you can't follow half a dozen story lines, well, Star Trek probably isn't for you. But it was great, and I'll be buying it on blu-ray as soon as I can.
평점: 4	리뷰: A surprise attack in outer space forces the Enterprise to crash-land on a mysterious world.The assault comes from Krall, a lizard-like dictator who derives his energy by sucking the life out of his victims.Krall needs an ancient and valuable artefact that's aboard the badly damaged star-ship.Left stranded in a rugged wilderness, Kirk, Spock, and the rest of the crew must now battle a deadly alien race while trying to find a way off their hostile planet.....I get what Pegg was trying to do when writing this Star Trek film, he was trying to emulate the feel of the TOS, but keeping in mind the freshness of the reboot by keeping the humour as light as can be.Well I saw Galaxy Quest too, and this is pretty much what the film feels like throughout, a familiar yet bland experience that has two very good set pieces, but little else in the vein of entertainment.It's the very opening scene that will sell you on how you are going to react to the film, but this opening scene to me made Kirk look like an absolute moron, and for me, it stayed with him for the whole film, despite him trying his best Willis smirk every time a plan comes together.Urban is easily the best thing in the film, and his scenes with Spock are the most touching thing in the film. If the narrative was focused more on these two, the film wouldn't have felt so 'sarcastic'.Pegg is watchable, but by the twentieth time he's called Jaylah 'Lassie' you just want to throttle him.Elba is wonderful as the antagonist, but I feel that there is some missing footage from somewhere, because Uhuru spots him so easily in found footage, and his character could have been fleshed out more, rather than having him turn into Basil Exposition toward the end.But the biggest problem with the film, what really took me out of the action is when they jump the shark with the inexplicably silly way of fighting the villains. instead of being exciting and fist pumpingly tense, it's toe curlingly awful, and ruins the film.And a word of advice, don't see it in 3D, it adds nothing to the film apart from making the film almost too dark to see.So aside from a couple of decent set pieces, it's a bloated, almost self-deprecating parody of what was a great reboot.It's almost as bad as The Final Frontier.
평점: 4	리뷰: While I have been a huge Star Trek fan my entire life, I have to say this film was less than thrilling and suspenseful. I was quite bored throughout. The horrible CGI in the opening scene was so ridiculous it felt as though I was watching a B movie on the Sci Fi channel. One of the things people have loved about Star Trek for decades, is that everything they talked about was achievable through peace, cooperation and unity, ultimately leaving the galaxy a slightly safer and more reasonable place. However, this nonsense that J.J. Abrams/Paramount has been spitting out since 2009 is nothing short of a Kill Bill movie. These remakes are nowhere near anything Gene Roddenberry had in mind when he created Star Trek 50yrs ago. The whole point of the show was for peace and harmony. Yes there was fighting and destruction in all the Star Trek series' but nothing compared to the disgusting, senseless and never ending portrayal of violence in these. I doubt Gene would approve.
평점: 7	리뷰: I've been really loving the rebooted Star Trek series. 2009's Star Trek is one of my favourite sci-fi movies of all time, and Into Darkness is a very solid sequel. However, I'm disappointed to say that Star Trek Beyond doesn't quite live up to its two predecessors. Whilst there's still some good popcorn fun to be had, along with a brilliant range of top-quality performances, Beyond feels too generic and messy to be a truly exhilarating and enthralling watch.The film's not bad, it's just missing out on so much that made the first in particular so good. Above all, it seems like Beyond is really going for style over substance. The first movie was an incredible display in mixing fascinating character insight with blockbuster thrills, whilst Into Darkness kept that going with some brilliantly tense and emotional sequences centring around the leads and villains.In Beyond, the good vibes between all of the crew members aboard the Enterprise mean it's a somewhat stale affair. Given that everyone on board is getting on famously with one another, there's nothing particularly personal at stake, leaving only the generic 'fate of the universe' as the threat that the Enterprise has to face.The film starts off on an okay footing, but it was immediately clear to me that there was going to be more focus on big action than great character focus. In the end, what disappointed me most about Beyond was the fact it failed to rectify a very thin opening act as the film went on, and I never felt any truly convincing motives for any of the characters, which was a real shame to see.Another issue that I have with the film comes from its visuals. Despite being a masterpiece of CGI, just like the previous two have been, Justin Lin's directing style just doesn't suit the Star Trek series. Whilst J.J. Abrams gave the action scenes an exhilarating appearance, Lin's tendency to overuse shaky cam amidst a sea of CGI made every action scene feel messy and misguided, and definitely not exciting or entertaining enough to make up for the losses in character depth.From the above criticisms, it would seem that I didn't like Star Trek Beyond at all, but that's not true. For one, it is still an entertaining watch, and the bulk of the film, which is set on an alien planet in which the crew spend a lot of time exploring (in a very similar fashion to the original TV show), is a lot of fun. The introduction of Jaylah, a badass alien warrior, gave that part of the film a good burst of energy, and it really helped me to have a lot of fun despite the disappointingly predictable and generic plot.What's more is that the performances are once again excellent. Chris Pine continues to shine as Captain Kirk, and the supporting cast are all just as impressive and entertaining as the past two movies. I did feel that Beyond lacked the comic relief that Star Trek in particular was so good at, but the range of performances was good enough for me to see past that.Overall, I was disappointed to see that Star Trek Beyond fell foul to a more generic, blockbuster vibe. Losing the personal drama of the first two, and suffering in its action scenes as a result, it's rarely an exciting watch. However, its sense of discovery in its main act, along with a heap of great performances, make it a solid and fun watch in the end.
평점: 9	리뷰: Fantastic movie!10/10 for Star Trek, 9.5/10 for Star Trek Into Darkness, and this one is just as great as those two.I'm not a Treky or familiar with the Star Trek world, i've only watched the series that William Shatner was in back in the day but these 3 films have hooked me in, and i will look forward to future instalments in this series.These 3 films have all been exciting, funny, dramatic and the action has been top class! And in this one it was just jaw- dropping for me! Justin Lin has done an amazing job of an entertaining script by Simon Pegg, Doug Jung and the other 4 writers.I think people that haven't seen the previous 2 films will be perfectly fine watching this as a stand-alone film because it works really well on its own.I wouldn't be surprised if Justin Lin, or Simon Pegg and Doug Jung get a call for a future Star Wars episode after this. They've done a fantastic job here!10/10
평점: 6	리뷰: Fifty years ago, through their home televisions, the world was introduced to a new way to explore new frontiers. Extraterrestrial worlds could be explored and made peace with from the comfort of the living room, later spawning a long series of theatrical releases that still won't quit. So now, Fast & Furious director Justin Lin takes the responsibility of creating the first Star Trek feature shot entirely on digital cameras, in an effort to balance out the uniqueness of the franchise along with Paramount's populist style of entertainment. The anticipation may sound hopeful, but Star Trek Beyond fails to stand out as its own entity, instead becoming exactly what Star Trek into Darkness turned into, minus the unnecessary underwear shot of Alice Eve.I was never a fan of Star Trek; the original series always came off as boring to me, and the movies have been just plain predictable and unexciting. So how did this film appeal to me as an outsider of the franchise?Right from the first scene I knew I was in for something I was not going to like; basically Kirk gives a message of goodwill to a council of aliens, offering them a symbol of peace. I felt some disaster coming when I saw the embarrassingly bad composition of the CGI aliens, made all the more painful to watch during their attack on Kirk in response to his offer. Kirk then explains in voice-over about how he can't feel at home midway through this five-year mission, an important character trait that has little resolution by the film's end. The USS Enterprise then arrives on this mystical high-tech planet coated in glass, where Spock hears some untimely news about his peoples' ambassador. An unidentified vessel soon arrives, where an alien mistress calls to them for help. At this point, I've seen this whole routine happen before in better movies.As the USS Enterprise flies toward the alien's rescue mission, a swarm of enemy ships attacks. Now, this part here could have blown my mind with its spectacle, except it didn't for some reason. The ships hijack the Enterprise, and their leader marches onto the ship in precisely the same fashion as Darth Vader in the beginning of A New Hope. He takes the crew members captive, and the Enterprise breaks apart, crashing onto the destination planet with a devastating catastrophic burn. Nope, still don't care.I think that the excitement could have been better if the screenwriters took more care to add tension and conflict within the scenes that exist only to explain important plot details. But the actors weren't doing much to flavor up the dialog either. Zachary Quinto as Spock was the only actor I enjoyed, as his straight emotional expression actually made his lines of comic relief all the more effective. Now don't get me wrong, I see potential in the story, but the drama should have been more intensified to heighten the action.The characters also had plenty of potential to generate much more staying power than the end result. Clear backstories are given to each of them, but the countless subplots add to the confusion of remembering all the details. It's the same problem Independence Day: Resurgence had, except with a more committed cast. While I'm not against the idea of multiple subplots, it still takes a lot more effort from the writers to achieve this complex format. Of all the old and new characters that Star Trek Beyond crams together, the only character that I wanted to learn more about was the white alien girl Jaylah (Sofia Boutella), who I honestly would have wanted to see as the main character of this feature.Now look, I certainly did not enjoy this film as you probably did, but I would not say that it was a total loss. While I would complain that there's too much CGI, cheap-looking makeup effects, and a lack of exploration of new worlds, there's still plenty of neat sound effects and enormous size to add enough fun for your Trekkie senses. Again, it's the type of movie you have to have the proper taste for, but if it aligns with your taste, and you're willing to shut off your disbelief enough for the reasons I stated above, then you shall live long and prosper with this exhilarating journey.
평점: 5	리뷰: This might be an OK movie. I couldn't really tell with the very murky 3D. I was unfortunate enough to see it in this format against my usual preference. When will they stop? No one can possibly like this format. Just stop itThe 3D effects were worthless. The shaky, zooming camera made action in comprehensibleThis also seems to be turning into a soap opera like other long running series with multiple characters (fast and furious) I don't want to knock the film too much S I was too exasperated and alienated by the poor visual quality
평점: 9	리뷰: Star Trek BeyondContains SpoilersThis year marks the 50th anniversary for this sci-fi series franchise. This is also the third film in the rebooted or alternative universe of Kirk, Spock, McCoy and the crew of the USS Enterprise.There had been a lot of rumours about this film and given the anniversary, many wondered just how it might show the Star Trek universe at its best. As with all reviews, I won't give the plot as I hate spoiling things for others. So, what one word would I give this movie after seeing it? Brilliant.It is the best of the three by far, this adventure for me, goes beyond everything. There has been a subtle move away long title introductions to grab the viewers and hold them like hell for the ride. Star Trek Beyond mixes humour, action, adventure, edge of the seat drama along with character development while not forgetting to carry the audience. It is very hard not give away anything here. So sort of spoiler alert. The actors certainly appear to fit 'their' version of the roles in this movie, which is sad for one given the well-publicised news of Anton Yelchin's death. There was all sorts of 'drama' over what was a minor element of the whole movie, that of Sulu's partner. It just flashed by, so ? The plot was good - yes there might be holes as I have said a number of times before what film has none - very few. It is well put together for my liking it flows, no stopping, just action. One bit I really like was the Enterprise travelling through wrap, that was rather good. There are a number of things in the movie which pays tribute to the original actors and the 50 years that has past. You do have to listen to some lines very well in order to get the in-jokes. Again some sadly delivered by Chekov. The sadly bit is that we won't hear those again.The underlying theme of this movie was unity is strength and to be honest, has always been a central element of Star Trek. Together no matter what, we are stronger. Kirk and Spock realise their true friendship which again, should be clue to people in the real world. It takes McCoy to 'link' them together pointing out what they both miss. Highlights: Very difficult to say anything here without giving the game away. There is one scene which for a Star Trek fan is brilliant and you won't miss it I am sure. I will be seeing the film again, I almost walked out of one screening and into another, I don't do that for many films at all. Simon Pegg did a very good job on this film as both Scotty and one of the main writers. I would hope he has a hand in the next script. Star Trek Beyond runs for 120 minutes, full colour, 3D and 2D, full of sounds and is good.http://www.imdb.com/title/tt2660888/fullcredits/Tagline: "To boldly go where no-one has gone before"
평점: 7	리뷰: WARNING: Possible, minor SpoilersThere is probably nothing I could write about this film that hasn't already been written. So I'll just dispense with writing a full review and give you the cliff notes on what works and what doesn't in this film: Pros -Continued great performances from a great cast -More screen time for supporting characters in said cast -Great buddy duo in Spock and Dr. McCoy -Touching tributes to the late Leonard Nimoy and Anton Yelchin. -Starbase Yorktown is the coolest space station since the Death Star -Climactic action scene -Funny opening scene -Sofia Boutella's character -A story structured like an episode of the original seriesCons (Khans?) -A story structured like an episode of the original series. Yes, this new film is Star Trekkier than the last two films, but it also feels smaller -4th Star Trek film in a row with a villain who wants revenge against the Federation for muddled, somewhat incomprehensible reasons -Idris Elba's villain character isn't fleshed out enough -McGuffin -Action scenes are muddled and difficult to follow. They are shot with a lot of hand-held, shaky camera-work, dimly lit, and quickly edited. -Lacks Gene Roddenberry's vision of Star Trek, i.e. No more philosophical or political or scientific than the last two films. -The early scene where the enterprise is destroyed goes on for far, far too long.Well, that's what I thought, anyways. See it, it's good enough that your time will not go wasted. Or, don't see it, it's mediocre enough to pass on. 2.5 (out of 4)
평점: 8	리뷰: Let me start by saying that I hate the Abramsverse with all my heart. He took a cerebral, philosophical series and turned into an action franchise. Moreover, ST Beyond is just another take of Into Darkness (without Cumberbatch). Yet I liked it. I was entertained by it.That doesn't mean that I didn't feel that it was less Star Trek than it should have been, but I certainly disagree with people that said that they had the script and they just plastered it over Star Trek. It was the exact same recipe: frustrated angry villain hating the Federation, Enterprise saucer plowing through the earth, jumping around, explosions, heroic sacrifices. Yet it was better held together than Into Darkness.I was kept at the edge of the seat. That is good for a movie, but not a very Star Trek thing. The occasional lapses in logic or explosions of good luck also didn't help it. Yet this is what the audience wants, apparently, even if the cinema hall was almost empty and look here: only 60 reviews. Let us remember that the trend started with a rehash of a very beloved Star Trek film. It was so successful because it was emotional and edge of the seat.Bottom line: J.J. Abrams rebooted Star Trek by erasing Jean Luc Picard and Benjamin Sisko from existence. For him, the only Star Trek captains worth keeping was cowboy James T. Kirk and some memories of Archer, whatever he was. For better or for worse, or until Panasonic sells the rights to Marvel or whatever, we are stuck with this. Given the circumstances, this was a better movie than I had anticipated.
평점: 9	리뷰: When I first found out that Justin Lin was directing the next Star Trek I was very nervous; I was never a huge fan of F&F.Choosing a franchise like Star Trek, with a very dedicated fan base was dangerous. I watched the series when I was growing up.What Lin does with Star Trek is actually quite refreshing. I think die hard Trek fans might find it a little too mainstream, but I think Star Trek needed to break into new markets, gain new audiences and this film certainly does that. I've read a few negative reviews on here asking for the old Star Trek...it's disappointing that for something so ahead of it's time some people prefer to be stuck in the past. This is EXACTLY what the franchise needed and will definitely attract more movie goers to future Star Trek films!With any space film CGI is usually impressive; with Beyond it's beautiful. Seeing it in IMAX brought all the colours to life. Everything flowed well and particularly during the first 20 minutes I was in awe.I like how the focus has moved from Kirk and Spock. There's a lot more of the other crew members in this film which was needed after the first two. I really John Cho and the late Anton Yelchin. On that, it'll be interesting to see what they do with Chekov, I don't think Anton will be replaced easily.Idris Elba is a good cast, although Krall isn't a memorable villain. His back story could have really been built on more but overall, he's a decent addition.What I think this film does is start to shake off the 'Trek is for geeks' branding that you get if you even say you've seen Star Trek. There's still references to original Star Trek work, but what I liked was that you didn't necessarily need to know the fine detail to get into it.With a 4th already approved I'd be interested to see where they go. We've had Romulans, Klingons and Krall. Kirk's back story is the talk of the next film. You never know, Resistance could be futile (oh god, I'm crossing my fingers to hear this in a couple of years!) Overall, i'd highly recommend Beyond. Just the right length, great cast and Lin has proved me wrong. Well done.
평점: 1	리뷰: To long time Star Trek fans or "Trekkies" if you prefer we all seem to agree on one thing throughout the 50 year history of Trek in all It's inclinations THE ORIGINAL SERIES, THE NEXT GENERATION, DEEP SPACE NINE , VOYAGER, ENTERPRISE and the Films that the worst of them all was "SPOCK'S BRAIN" from the original series. Well let me tell you BEYOND makes SPOCK'S BRAIN look like it belongs in the top 10 of all time episodes. Seeing BEYOND in IMAX 3 D was amazing you were literally part of the film but you did not have the option of leaving that film. I should not even call this piece of garbage a film it was a video game not a film there were explosions, crashes, firefights, hand to hand combat even a motorcycle chase one in which where Captain Kirk emit's a sort of Amber taken from the FRINGE TV series that J.J. Abrams had a hand in making all that would have been fine if their were a plot any plot . This film is going to leave a stain on the storied history of Star trek O it may find a audience one that likes action films but could not care less if there was a plot . To trek Fans Load Phasers and Photons fire at will this disaster needs to be destroyed.
평점: 8	리뷰: Continuing on the reboot series, Star Trek: Beyond is about the crew of the USS Enterprise as they embark on a rescue mission but soon turns into a test of survival, unity and teamwork. With J.J. Abrams too busy with the Star Wars franchise, Justin Lin (director of several Fast and Furious films) takes the helm and delivers a rather exciting and visually impressive feature. The action was enthralling, the universe was imaginative and oddly enough there was plenty of character development. All the main cast members return and still remain great, especially Karl Urban and the late Anton Yelchin in which both finally got more screen time. Simon Pegg also returns and decided to write the screenplay which many will notice as there is definitely more humour involved, but it's natural wit and not at all forced. The villain of the film, Krall (played by the ever popular Idris Elba), was good if slightly under developed. The visual effects is the main star of the blockbuster and my goodness they look super detailed and still remain consistent even in intense busy action scenes. A couple of moments where Lin decides to use the dreaded 'shaky cam' which can make action sequences difficult to watch, and he also likes to rotate the camera...a lot, it can be quite disorientating at times. Overall, another great entry in what most might consider the best reboot series ever made with intense action, splendid visuals and substantially more character development.Review at: http://www.themoviediorama.com
평점: 9	리뷰: If you are a true "Trekkie", .... then you just were treated to yet another episode of fun! So many serious reviews,.... tearing apart every little point; don't read... go see for yourself! I Enjoyed it very much, and look forward to seeing again before it leaves the theaters! Each character was well played and entertaining. The visuals were outstanding - did not see it in 3D, (nor do I think I would want to) the action was very busy and just think that some would be lost in 3D... The story line was simple, as so many Star trek episodes were. It held my attention for two solid hours, with a desire for more when it was over. There are just too many wonderful parts of this next installment of the series - should not be missed.
평점: 10	리뷰: I LOVE STAR TREK! I also loved the movie! I often wonder why so many people go into these extended reviews as to why or why not they liked or did not like a film. Hey! I just want to be entertained for a few hours and that's about it. The truth is everyone is different and the reasons, notwithstanding, it's each person's individual tastes in film. I think the same about music. With that said, I've loved Star Trek since the late 60's and I love the new crew of the Enterprise. I love the interaction and bond between them and that is what pulls me back, time after time. So, just go to see it for the crew, the story and the fun!
평점: 4	리뷰: The reboot crew have in the earlier films done an excellent job recreating a lot of the original mannerisms and interactions, getting the characters to play off each really well. So why oh why make a film where these characters hardly get a chance to show what they can do between blowing and being blown up, again? This script misses all that makes a StarTrek film a StarTrek film and turns in a sad rerun of X other high budget blow'em up films with frightening little originality. Wrong director, wrong scriptwriters. The special effect guys can stay, but that is about it. Oh, the actors of course, but let them do their stuff on some halfway decent material next time please. This doesn't make it beyond popcorn, without much of the pop.
평점: 5	리뷰: I haven't watched any of the original series or its follow up of Star Trek. I always found em extremely boring and the lack of major plot lines that continued thruout the series made em totally unwatchable for me. Because of this the first two new Star Trek movies were extremely positive experiences. All my friends complain that they weren't "Star Trek" cos they were too action oriented... If this was the case then this might be a movie that interests fans of the franchise but average scifi loving movie goer is left totally cold. The characters just aren't interesting, they don't have anything that drags the watcher in and the plot in general is way too common and full of plot holes. However what makes the movie total PAIN to watch is the MTV editing where shot rarely lasts more than second and camera IS SHAKY AS H**L!!! Also 3D effects are totally lost since movie is so dark that 3D makes it look blurry.
평점: 8	리뷰: STAR TREK BEYOND was very good. No disappointments whatsoever. They maintained the quality, the thematic content of intelligence vs force which has always been the hallmark of the Star Trek series, and they inserted some great nostalgia and a nice touch with Leonard Nimoy. Overall, high action, good twist on the plot, some laughs and light- heartedness to offset the grimmer aspects. I have to say that Chris Pine and Zachary Quinto, who play Kirk and Spock respectively, are excellent players for these parts. They stand on their own, even though they are, in the back of our minds, representing icons of the Star Trek franchise from the original cast of the 1960s. STAR TREK BEYOND presents a glimpse of the future which is coming - it's just a matter of time and technology. Someday, just like landing men on the moon back in the 1930s and 1940s was considered "science fiction", the perspectives depicted in this film will some day become fact and no longer be seen as sci-fi. Definitely a recommended watch.
평점: 9	리뷰: I am a trekkie who has watched everything Star Trek related from the past 50 years including every film and TV show. Although I've enjoyed the rebooted films, they never quite had the same magic as the originals. Until Star Trek Beyond, that is! Star Trek Beyond is the third installment in what is being called the "Kelvin timeline" of Star Trek with the rebooted universe of Kirk's storyline. Compared to Star Trek 2009 and "Into Darkness", this film felt astronomically more like a Star Trek film. I was absolutely blown away; what I thought was going to be a mindless, action-oriented Star Trek movie, was actually a brilliantly written and directed Star Trek film that felt more than fitting in the Star Trek universe.The spoiler-free storyline; the Enterprise is sent to investigate the disappearance of an alien race's crew in a nebula. The Enterprise (per the trailers...) ends up getting destroyed and the crew held hostage on an alien world that is used as a "booby trap" for countless other species that have also been tricked into exploring the nebula in one way or another. Throughout the story, we are not only introduced to new alien races, but also are introduced to past elements of Star Trek, included a desolate/abandoned NX-class starship! This film pays enormous tribute to not only "Star Trek Enterprise" and it's story-arch, but other Star Trek films/shows as well. For the die- hard trekkies, there is plenty to think and talk about after seeing the movie, as there are tons of references and connections made to the rest of the Star Trek universe (including ancestors of Star Trek characters seen in later series...).Furthermore, the movies makes a touching tribute to the death of Leonard Nimoy, by announcing the death of Spock Prime. It was done in a very tasteful and respectful way, and I believe most trekkies and die-hard fans would agree that it was only fitting to announce the death of his character in the film. Simon Pegg and the new director did a phenomenal job on this film. It felt so much more like a Star Trek film, at least to me, than the previous ones. The storyline was much more original than the retelling of the "wrath of Khan" events. Chris Pine is also really starting to hone-in on his role of Captain Kirk. Not only was the acting better, but the script this time around made him much more into the masterful Captain Kirk we grew up with in TOS and less of a party-boy. Overall, Star Trek Beyond fantastic Star Trek film. I can't believe I am endorsing and praising it as much as I am, but in my opinion, they got it right this time. After seeing this, I am starting to have more faith/confidence in the new cast continuing the Star Trek legacy and I look forward to the new films that come out in the series. If you're an old-school fan, give this one a try. It's a fun adventure and feels appropriate in the Star Trek universe.
평점: 8	리뷰: This is my review for Star Trek: Beyond (spoiler free)****(4/5) Cast:Chris Pine, Zachary Quinto, Zoe Saldana, Simon Pegg, Karl Urban, John Cho, Anton Yelchin, Sofia Boutella and Idris Elba Plot: The USS Enterprise crew explores the furthest reaches of uncharted space, where they encounter a new ruthless enemy Krall (Elba) who puts them and everything the Federation stands for to the test.Now I just want to say that I am not a full Trekkie but I am a fan.After J. J Abrams left to make Star Wars: The Force Awakens (2015) Trek was left alone for a little while until it into the hands, of a fan that's right director Justin Lin also known for 4 Fast & Furious movies, which were then left to the hands of horror master James Wan. The first motion picture in 1979 was made by a fan Robert Wise now deceased and it go so well but that didn't stop Trek. Now when the first reboot came out in 2009 a lot of older generation fans didn't want to see it but in my perspective I like both Treks old and new I think that new introduce the new generation into the franchise. In my personal opinion they are brilliant and it's the same with this one.Set a little under three years into the exploration journey with the Enterprise and the crew are little tired, as they enter the uncharted parts of space, and the CGI is absolutely stunning and is a brilliant continuation from Star Trek: Into Darkness (2013) and this time they are under attack from an even newer and meaner villain, in the form of Idris Elba's Krall or Krawl as it's pronounced in the film he is Klingon by origin but not really Klingon. If you remember the last time we saw the Klingons was in Into Darkness for a few minutes until they were killed of by Benedict Cumberbatch's Khan on their home world Kronos. However the Enterprise crew discover that he was never a monster at all eventually but I won't reveal anymore because spoilers.Just like the other two reboots this has insane fast-paced action and talking although the dialogue in this one is much more funny and much more fast-paced, but don't let put you off. One other thing a lot of people were concerned if this would turn into a Fast and Furious movie well no of course it wouldn't, it looks nothing like the Fast franchise. Even though this is set a little under two years into the journey does that effect the story? answer no it may have two new writers but the story is still the same dynamic story as the other two apart from a new meaner villain but that's to be expected.Once the Enterprise is stranded on a planet they seek the help of Sofia Boutella's Jaylah who's family was killed by Krall and his clan when she was young, she is just as good as she is in 2014's Kingsman although more bad-ass than Kingsman which is weird, anyway she has a lot of new toys for the crew of the Enterprise. Also another thing Sxotty's (Pegg) is a lot stronger than the previous Trek reboots. The entire of the Enterprise is separated and some of them are forced to work together even though some may not like it, yes I'm talking about Bones (Urban) and Spock (Quinto). Although Kirk (Pine) more bad-ass than ever and Chekov (Yelchin) do get to know each other a lot more, if you remember in the previous Trek's Checkov didn't really speak that much well not as much as we'd hoped. Anyway Beyond ends promisingly and in terms of previous summer blockbusters like Legend of Tarzan this one is certain to not disappoint to even the most veteran fans, who prefer the older Trek's.Finally in the end credit's and throughout the film we do see a firm but memorable goodbye to the old Spock Leonard Nimoy, and in the end credits it says for Anton because of his shocking untimely demise last month but that doesn't stop the performance that you see Checkov pull off. He had many great performances like in Green Room (2015) one of my favourite films of the year. But unfortunately his very short and promising career came to an end and this is just one of his last films, but his performance is still as good as ever. Remembering Anton Yelchin 1989-2016.Apart from that all-in-all this new Trek will not disappoint and is certainly one of the best and most kick-ass films this year.Verdict: Beyond delivers all the fast-paced action like the other reboots and has certainly made Trek good again. This is a brilliant start to the 50th Anniversary, but let's see what the next 50 years holds in store for Trek.8/10 a rip-roaring good time.
평점: 8	리뷰: The movie as a whole was decent. It did not quite capture the magic of the first entry nor the intensity of the second. Being third often comes with these issues and we've seen it many times before. Ahem..Dark Knight Rises anyone?That said, this movie does have many very entertaining moments and more than a few tugs of the heartstrings for those who reserve a special place in their lives for Star Trek universe and it's characters.I offer no spoilers, and I may be only speaking for myself, but there is a critical moment in the film that literally gave me goose bumps with some accompaniment from a certain New York based trio that everyone will recognize in this franchise. This moment alone made the price of admission worth while.See it in a theater, rent it on DVD, wait for it to come on television, it doesn't matter. If you are a fan of the franchise, especially this rebooted universe, Star Trek Beyond is worth a look.
평점: 2	리뷰: Just got out of Star Trek 'Beyond'. What a disappointment! Just a noisy boring mess. Yes there was a lot of action.. but the characters were forgotten and just looked bored as well.I will say I am a bit of a 'Star Trek' fan. So for me.. this didn't live up to the basic Star Trek level. Which means a decent story and some interesting plot elements. This movie just didn't care about the plot and just wanted to blow things up. If you are just looking for explosions than I guess it does handle that part OK.I felt a bit bad for the actors. Sure they get paid well... but their talents were just wasted by the director. You could see they just didn't care too much and nothing was really clicking.Sure there were a few good moments... but I actually thought about walking out of the theater at a few points.Just could have been so much better. Boo.
평점: 7	리뷰: The revived Star Trek franchise was not lucky so far. First, the action-packed eleventh installment, but without any sense. Then, the remake of Wrath of Khan, which also left a lot to desire. Finally, we have the third episode from the new series and it is undoubtedly the best one. Of course, all required elements are still here. Instead of the philosophical questions and clever plot, we have the fast pacing adventure movie with clearly drawn lines between good and evil. Right now the crew of Enterprise seems to be a good team, able to solve any problem. Here and there are some more serious questions asked, like pacifism against the miliratism (exploited earlier in the Wing Commander IV game, for instance), or the need to unify with your enemies for the good of all species (very up to date in the modern world, isn't it?). This is, however, overshadowed by the well defined plot presenting the struggle of the Federation finest crew against another villain (this time, much better developed than in previous movies).The cast is good, that is if you already accepted the new crew of Enterprise. All new characters are interesting and do not disappoint. Surprisingly, the bad guys are quite effective in what they do and their motivations are convincing. The chemistry between the main Enterprise crew members exists, spiced by the appropriate sense of humour. The special effect again are top-notch, flawlessly combining the action scenes with the outer space sequences. All is balanced, so the suspension of disbelief is possible this time. The techno-babble is present, but not very annoying (just like in the Star Trek: Enterprise series), therefore it serves its purpose of mysteriously explaining some crucial twists in the plot. Music is also passable, maybe not as good as in the new Star Wars, but Michael Giacchino efficiently used the well-known Star Trek tunes and transformed them into something new. We have then everything that is required: grand space battles, close combat, chases and proper moral choices. True fans of the series will not be disappointed - homage to the already existing world was paid a couple of times as well. J.J. Abrams had a difficult task to bring the Star Trek to the broader audience and, despite failing in most aspects of previous movies, he was able to do so. Justin Lin stood before the easier challenge, as he just had to do a good action movie in space. Indeed he succeeded, bringing us the summer blockbuster free from the utter nonsense, delivering enough action and consistent future world to please both die-hard Star Trek fans and ordinary people wanting just to spend pleasantly two hours in the cinema. Sure, this is not the intellectual feast, but it wasn't meant to be. Let's hope the next episode will keep at least this level of quality.
평점: 8	리뷰: The best thing about Beyond is the fact that it fixes to some degree, the two things I had a problem with in the first 2 rebooted films; lack of any good female characters and an absence of the fun tone that made older films so great. While there's still some minor gripes here and there that I had, Beyond is the most fun you'll have with Trek since 1986.It took 4 years for us to get 'Into Darkness' since the reboot in 2009 and it took another 3 years for Beyond to come out on the amply timed 50th anniversary of the series' inception. Even so, the wait was definitely worth it. Not only is Beyond the most fun Trek film in decades, it balances its ensemble cast perhaps better than any previous entry. The fun tone can be attributed to Justin Lin's time spent making the Fast and Furious films but I was surprised at just how well he takes each cast member's strengths and makes one cohesive story.Of course, complementing the cast with a talent like Idris Elba as the lead villain (Krall), doesn't hurt. Khan made his stamp in 2013, but I was open to a different type of villain for this go around, especially because the film takes place entirely in outer space. This opened the door for more aliens, space battles, and plenty of set pieces and well-handled green screen effects. One of those aliens, Jaylah, played by Sofia Boutella, was particularly good.If you think about it, the Star Trek universe has been in need of a strong female character for years. Yes, Uhura is solid, but it seems like that's been it, at least in the reboots. Boutella not only throws some punches in the battlefield, but she holds her own up against Kirk and Scotty, whom she shares the most screen time with. She's definitely someone who I hope to see in future installments.The film starts off with a rapid pace and an epic boarding scene with Krall's crew, but it takes a bit for the pacing to pick up once again. After the Enterprise is taken down, the crew gets separated and I think that's where the story starts to suffer. The cast is so good when they're together, so I didn't find the middle act to be all that compelling.I was glad to see the subtle tributes to Leonard Nimoy and Anton Yelchin, who both passed away since the last Trek entry, amongst balancing this huge spectacle. But yet, still, the best part about this film is how much fun it is from beginning to end. The humor is amped up even though the stakes are the same. Trek is at an all- time high right now. Beyond will be one of the best theater experiences you'll have this summer and such a pleasant surprise for just how weak 2016 has been.+Way more fun than previous entries+Jaylah+Great use of ensemble+Entirely in space-Middle act is sluggish8.8/10
평점: 8	리뷰: Produce by JJ Abrams, but not JJ's version of Star Trek, due to a new director at the helm, which I find fascinating as I know, Justin Lin from his run as director of the blockbuster half of The Fast and The Furious Franchise This movie is not the action adventure we saw in the first two segments of the Star Trek reboot or what we see in the Fast and Furious epic. It's episodic the same way Into Darkness was to 2009's Star Trek, but Star Trek Beyond acts so much more like an episode of Star Trek rather than a movie, which I love, because I like Star Trek as a TV series more than I like it as a motion picture.It's not the solar glossy flares that Abrams did (and totally brought life to the dead franchise, so this is not me putting down what the Episode seven director did at all). It's a quiet and slow moving pace that builds on the depth of the characters we know and love and the sophistication of the story, that is more what we expect from Star Trek, but at the same time keeping with the fact that this has to appeal to a contemporary audience. The movie takes place three years into the five year mission (Or when the original series ended). Not the same man who beat the Kobayashi Maru, Kirk realizes his career in StarFleet was more him trying to be like his father than being his own man. They honor the death of Leonard Nimoy with a story in which Spock Prime's death makes Spock contemplate his importance among the Vulcans who are still an endangered species. These guys need a boost in moral.In comes Krall, who sucker punches the Enterprise, forcing them to crash land on a hostile planet so he can get his hands on a weapon he wishes to use to end the Federation. Kirk needs to find his crew and get them off the planet in order to stop this lizard-like dictator's plan The first five to ten minutes of the movie were visually amazing. Wait till you see the space station York Town, it's fantastic. The movie attempts to be big like Abrams, episode Seven, and they did it. The backdrop of the planet was quite nice too, but the Enterprise itself not impressive. It felt too cartoonish (And they seem to always change the look of warp speed in every movie, which I really don't like) Based on the End Credits this seems like the smallest cast of the rebooted movies. It's so sad that Anton Yelchin past away, and even sadder after seeing this movie. Chekov was a big part of Star Trek Beyond, far bigger than he was in the other two movies. I'm glad they made the time to dedicate the movie to him (As well as being in memory of Leonard Nimoy).Not surprising, Simon Pegg got to show off that Mr. Scott was more than just an Engineer (That's what happens when you co-write the film). Not that his role in the other two films were not big and important, but Scotty gets to get out of the engine room and more into the field of action.New Character, Jaylah was a cool addiction to the Star Trek franchise. She became this quick and perfectly done homage to what the whole purpose of Star Trek is about. We meet a new alien and it's all about getting over the culture clash and working together. This happens a few times in the movie, some positive, some not.Idris Elba is a a perfect Star Trek villain. He does this thing were his grasp of the English language is minimal keeping his bad guy speeches to the point. He's proof that it takes a great actor to do the work behind all the make up. Is he better than Khan? Is he better than Cumberbatch's Kahn? Time can only answer this question as it's a close call. Plus Star Trek Beyond gives an impressive effort to be diverse. Not just white guys in alien make up to prove how diverse the Galaxy is, but more different colored faces in the mix to prove how diverse Earth is. In Into Darkness, they showed how natural interracial couples are in the utopian future, and in Beyond they showed us that Same sex marriages exist without making it a big deal (Although the person they pick to show this is a big deal (but no real surprise to any Trekker).Michael Giacchino still makes the awesome soundtrack for the franchise. I love what he does with it and I'm glad he's still doing it cause I do love how it adds to making it feel more like an episode, plus this guy's a boss film composer. It's a fun movie that I want to see over and over again. Abrams got Star Trek back in the game and Star Trek beyond has us playing for keeps. The new pace did take some getting use to, and I spotted some small trivial things that raised my eyebrow (What appears like Dr. McCoy's so-so knowledge of the Vulcan body), but overall, it's more like Star Trek, It uses it's budget to make space bigger and the Galaxy more impressive to watch than making a high octane action movie. It has a top notch villain, and it honors Gene Roddenberry's vision of a world united with a little more vast diversity of cast that mirrors what's happening in the world today.http://cinemagardens.com/?p=71
평점: 7	리뷰: Star Trek Beyond is an entertaining extension to the two movies that shows us some of the same character chemistry and action as in the previous two, but fails to provide the kind of original development of story and style that we saw in Into Darkness. In terms of the basic movie experience you get, little new is introduced, with the exception of more action on the ground than in space. Rather, the character chemistry is recycled along with the humor (Spock and Bones scenes). It's still fun to see the same guys in new situations as the acting is great and dialogue does not especially disappoint. However, what made the previous two movies so much better was that all of this took place in a coherent storyline accompanied by determined and vicious villains. In Beyond , the motives of the villain seem unclear even by the end of the movie and his presentation, despite attempts to make him look intelligent, lacks the kind of originality as in the case of Khan and instead, his entire character looks rather cliché. And despite seeing the good characters, their personal stories are not really developed in any significant manner and by the end of the movie, all of them seem quite in the same spot as they were in the beginning of the movie, or even in the end of the first movie. To sum up, Beyond feels like a necessary sequel that was made just so we could see more of the old characters in action, but as a stand alone movie, it lacks the originality to make it memorable. Conclusion: entertaining, but forgettable.
평점: 4	리뷰: There are those movies where you know you can just sit back and absorb anything they trow at you. You know you'll get a lot of fast action scenes, maybe some humor, a near-zero story line and even less logic. The Independence Day sequel is such a movie, and - apparently - Star Wars Beyond is too. It shouldn't be, but it is.The latest Star Wars sequel takes you from one illogical scene to the next, without any explanation or any attempt to let the viewer settle into it. The whole movie is a continuous repetition of trowing in some sci-fi tech babble and use that to initiate an action scene. As seems to be the formula with most action-based blockbusters these days, they make sure the pace is high enough so you don't have time to think about what's actually going on, and how little sense it all makes.Apparently writing a decent storyline is to much of an effort, especially when you can just fill in the blanks with some supposedly explanatory rambling, an attempt at humor or just don't bother at all. And why should you? Your movie is remake 2 or 3 or sequel 4 or 5. It's a guaranteed hit at the box office.Where are the days where creating a successful sequel was an actual challenge...
평점: 4	리뷰: So tired of this reboot. I wanted so badly for Beyond to redeem itself from Into Darkness but no chance of that. As a Sci-Fi/Star Trek fan, I am finding this reboot series of movies so unworthy of the vision Roddenberry intended. No offense to the actors at all, its really the character development vision and lack of imagination in the story telling. During this movie, the guy next to me feel asleep and I can understand why. It wasn't fun, it wasn't funny, it was boring. What happened? I can only hope that CBS will have something more intelligent, exciting and imaginative with their new ST series. Beyond is a paint by numbers movie. The only thing I liked was the space station environment of Yorktown. Can Hollywood please make good science fiction movies for adults PLEASE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
평점: 3	리뷰: The latest film from the Star Trek series is probably the weakest, and it definitely shows the traces of being a TV show. Poor locations on sound stages, hackneyed dialogue that is all too familiar, and mediocre camera work all conspire to make you wish you could use the fast forward button. Combine that with incomprehensible mumbled talk that makes you wish you could go backward to see what the heck they said. Very disappointing.Perhaps the worst feature in a film that has very few redeeming qualities at all, is the villain, who is among the weakest villains in cinematic history, despite having the very capable actor underneath all the reptilian makeup.You don't need to see this on the big screen. In fact, you don't have to see this at all.
평점: 7	리뷰: I went to see this in English and no 3D. I enjoyed it, it's a pretty entertaining movie. Good stuff in it is pretty much the same as previous two: LOVE the trio of Spock-Bones-Kirk, I think they really get it right ESPECIALLY Karl Urban with McCoy whose quotes just are right out of DeForest Kelley's mouth. Uhura is also very good. I thought the action scenes were pretty fair and entertaining. I don't want to compare it too much to the other two films as I'm not reviewing them, but this one definitely seemed to have the least ambition of the three and for that is probably my least favorite. Jayla the new character was well acted but very poorly fleshed out I thought, I won't say more to keep from spoiling anything. Villain was decent but very run-of-the-mill. Simon Pegg did a good job on the script I thought and there are some funny moments.. Scotty says "lassie" a little too often for me though but fair enough. :P I do wish more time had been allowed for old and new characters to be really fleshed out, in some points you seem to sort of jump into someone's past or current problems and it does feel a bit forced.To conclude, if you enjoyed the first two films and are looking for an entertaining night out, I think this is pretty good, it was worth my 10$. This one is not as good as the first one though who had it all for me. Are they trying to dumb it down? Perhaps unfortunately. But yeah do go see it, people around me seemed to enjoy it quite a bit too. CHeers
평점: 8	리뷰: At least once in your life, you've probably had a pair of shoes that you really loved and had for a long time. They still looked cool and felt good and you didn't want to give them up even though they were getting pretty old. I mean, why get rid of them? They were comfortable in more ways than one. Sure, you had to change out the laces more than once and maybe learned to live with a hole here or a scratch there, but they were YOUR shoes – your FAVORITE shoes – and you still enjoyed having them around.For many Movie Fans, the "Star Trek" franchise is a lot like that "favorite old pair of shoes". Just in time for the 50th anniversary of the original series' TV premiere, comes "Star Trek Beyond" (PG-13, 2:00), the 13th of the "Star Trek" films and the third one in the rebooted series which started in 2009. This one features a cast with which we've become comfortable (as they've obviously become very comfortable with each other) and keeps that "favorite old pair of shoes" marching forward by drawing on the sole (soul) of the original series' "five year mission, to explore strange new worlds, to seek out new life and new civilizations, to boldly go where no man has gone before." (Even though it's now "where no one has gone before" – a slight change in wording for inclusiveness, but just as familiar, and just as comfortable.) "Star Trek Beyond" picks up in the third year of that five year mission begun at the end of 2013's "Star Trek Into Darkness". Just over half-way through their journey, the crew seems restless – especially Capt. James T. Kirk (Chris Pine) who is seeking a promotion within Starfleet. Kirk's first officer, Commander Spock (Zachary Quinto), gets some news which also makes him reconsider his proper role in the universe – and his relationship with their ship's Communications Officer, Lieutenant Nyota Uhura (Zoe Saldana). Chief Medical Officer, Lieutenant Commander Leonard "Bones" McCoy (Karl Urban) ends up providing comfort to Kirk and, ironically also to Spock, as Bones' favorite human and not-so-favorite Vulcan go soul-searching (not, I repeat, NOT a shoe reference). Of course, Chief Engineer, Lieutenant Commander Montgomery "Scotty" Scott (Simon Pegg) is along for his technical expertise – and a generous dose of comic relief. Last, but certainly not least, back on the bridge of the Enterprise are Lieutenant Hikaru Sulu (John Cho) and Ensign Pavel Chekov (the late Anton Yelchin who died a month before the film's release).During a stop at a mammoth Federation outpost called Yorktown (looking like the futuristic set of 2015's "Tomorrowland" on steroids), the Enterprise gets sent on a mission to rescue the crew of a vessel that was supposedly disabled on the other side of a massive nebula. Kalara (Lydia Wilson), the alien who claims to be the only member of her ship's crew able to escape the crippled vessel and go for help, leads Kirk and company into a trap. A devastating attack on the Enterprise ends with the ship's officers and most of its crew stranded on the surface of a Class M planet, with some of them separated from each other. Scotty soon finds himself working with an alien scavenger named Jaylah (Sofia Boutella), who offers her help in locating his shipmates in exchange for his help in fixing the disabled ship in which she has been living. Meanwhile, Spock and Bones are stuck in the middle of nowhere (with Spock badly injured), while Kirk and Chekov are out and about looking for the rest of their shipmates, who are being held by a reptilian-like human (or is he a human-like reptile?) named Krall (Idris Elba) and his soldiers.Krall is after something Kirk has in his possession – the missing component of a terrible biological weapon which Kirk thought was just an ancient artifact that he had been transporting as a peace offering from one alien civilization to another. With that setup, all that our favorite Starfleet troopers have to do is figure out who to trust and stay alive long enough to find each other on a previously unknown planet, keep Krall from assembling his weapon and get off that planet and back to the security of the Federation of Planets. Simple, right? Simple as breaking in a new pair of shoes! As our heroes try to do all of this, they come up with some typically creative solutions to seemingly impossible problems, there's a very good twist, and Movie Fans get to go for another walk in one of our favorite pair of shoes."Star Trek Beyond" is everything you'd want from a Star Trek film more or less. The plot is fairly well-constructed, but keeps the main cast in separate locations for too much of the story. The script, by Pegg and Doug Jung (who also appears briefly on screen) overdoes the humor just a little, but it also features some nicely quotable lines. The direction by Justin Lin (he of the "Fast and Furious" franchise) gives us a nice balance of frenetic action and that good, old-fashioned bold, selfless Star Trek spirit. It would've been nearly impossible to top the last two Star Trek films and this one doesn't quite get there, but it comes close. It is worth putting on your favorite comfortable pair of shoes to go out and see it. "A-"
평점: 6	리뷰: Whether you like the newest Star Trek movie will really depend a lot on what you like in a movie. If you love near-constant action, tons of amazing special effects and explosions, then there is more than enough to delight you. On the other hand, if you want a film that is more plot-driven and a multidimensional villain whose actions make any sense, then you are also in for a big letdown.The plot is very, very simple. Enterprise is sent on a rescue mission that turns out to be a trap. A baddie and his minions attack and blow up a lot of stuff. Most of the crew is taken prisoner or killed and it's up to the rest of the crew to figure out a way to rescue them and save the quadrant. There really isn't much more to it than this.Apart from the breathtaking special effects, the film is nice because like all the newer Trek films, it doesn't all rest on the big three--Kirk, Spock and McCoy. There is a nice ensemble feel to it and everyone contributes about equally. Additionally, the crew's new friend, Jaylah (Sofia Boutella), is an excellent character-- strikingly beautiful and amazingly tough as well as likable. I anticipate you'll be seeing more of her in upcoming installments of the franchise.As far as the bad about the film goes, the baddie is played by the excellent actor, Idris Elba. However, he's hidden under such thick prosthetics through most of the film that he seem wasted at times. Additionally, his actions and motivations just seemed confusing and muddled. Also confusing was the big confrontation scene at the end where he and Kirk square off. Now considering if Elba's character wins, he might be able to kill millions...or more. So what does Kirk do? Instead of instantly killing the guy once he's gotten the upper hand, they stop and chat a bit! What?! Kirk's spent the entire film trying to defeat the guy and the villain is nearly invincible and hell-bent on genocide...you talk and give him a chance to escape?! It just came off as anticlimactic and a bit silly.
평점: 1	리뷰: Major Trek fan, and extremely disappointed with the movie. Scenes too dark to tell what was happening, camera too jerky during fight scenes, and way too much focus on special effects.Ending was wayyyy too stupid & just generally annoying.This movie is not even bargain bin worthy. I created an account just to help people avoid wasting their time with this mess.I mostly enjoyed the first 2 movies of the reboot, but this one will be the end of the trek movie series(hopefully) ))))))))))) for some reason the IMDb system doesn't think you can summarize in less than 10 lines.
평점: 6	리뷰: After watching Star Trek Beyond I can truly say that this movie was way over-hyped. Definitely not one of the top five in the franchise.Maybe it was the 3D version that I saw; but for most of the movie I was straining to see what was happening on the screen. When I could make out what was going on it was much too busy--sort of like the bad Transformer movies.The story wasn't bad; but it seemed to me that they tried too hard to make sure each character had ample screen time. Less would have been more in this case.I also don't say this too often; but if the movie was 1/2 hour or 45 minutes longer they could have added more meat to the story. I guess Idris Elba did as much as he could with the Krall character; but his villain seemed like a bad James Bond villain--you know the kind that explains everything to Bond instead of just killing him.The best part of the movie is when the aliens are destroying the enterprise; but the aliens were so effective and destructive that none of the crew should have survived the attack.Karl Urban and Zachary Quinto do a nice job playing Bones and Spock; but in this rendition it seemed to me like they were doing bad imitations.
평점: 10	리뷰: Put it bluntly, it's the movie that Nemesis should have been in terms of consistent action that still draws upon characterization, that remains true to Trek without using previous Treks like a crutch (the whole Trekish thing Simon Pegg talked about). It abandons the worn out Star Trek formula by drawing its strength on excellent writing that balances action, story, humour and character, but remains true to the core or the soul of Star Trek.Everyone, even the newcomers, did an exceptional job in their own regard while allowing themselves to grow on their own while still being true to the original series characters. The new feel gives it the old Star Trek vibe that allows the new generation to appreciate, while at the same time allows you to move with the heroes while you uncover the mystery of the villains such as Krall.Though numerous spoiler free hints to previous Treks, they don't infringe upon the story, nor do they take it over and without pushing it right into your face that this is Star Trek.One of the finest pieces of art I have ever seen, it keeps you on the edge of your seat, walk with people like Kirk and Spock, Trek at its excellence that is only overshadowed by "Star Trek 2: The Wrath of Khan" itself.One of the best movies this year, one of the best Star Trek movies of all time, give Star Trek Beyond 10/10.
평점: 6	리뷰: Set three years after the events of Into Darkness, this third entry into the revamped Star Trek cinematic universe takes the USS Enterprise crew even deeper into space where their exploratory mission, not unexpectedly, takes a turn for the worse. Presented more like a stand-alone voyage as opposed to a direct sequel, the wholesale change made amongst the crew – the director, writers and cinematographer from the first two instalments are all replaced – is sorely felt in both tone and execution. There's no sense that any of these characters have changed since we last trekked into the vast unknown with them, despite it being set a few years later, and this film cares little about building on the major relationships already established. So instead of a continuation of the Kirk-Spock, Spock-Uhura, Kirk-Bones story lines that have been steadily growing, our beloved protagonists are plopped into an escape mission that feels rather inconsequential to the overall franchise. New hero Jayla (the magnetic Sofia Boutella) is a shot of adrenaline when she arrives part way through, but the big bad Krall (Idris Elba under heavy prosthetics) is rather underwhelming. Karl Urban's Bones shines brightest from the returning cast with a plethora of hilarious one-liners. Replacing J.J. Abrams in the head job, director Justin Lin (no slouch in the action department with Fast and Furious 4, 5, 6 under his belt) concocts some striking sequences, albeit rarely breaking from the sci-fi blockbuster mould. A first-act aerial ambush on the Enterprise offers some brutal and breathtaking moments, whilst a daring prison-escape set piece is rousing and a grand last-act onslaught (ingeniously incorporating Beastie Boys hit "Sabotage") gets the heart pounding. Boldly going where many Star Trek outings have gone before, Beyond is a massive step down from its modern predecessors and a missed opportunity for further growth of these famous characters. Thankfully the intergalactic skirmishes are exhilarating enough to justify a big-screen viewing.
평점: 8	리뷰: For one thing, there's Chris Pine as Capt. James T. Kirk. He's far less of an incorrigible smart-a** in this film than he was in the first two flicks. A little more disciplined. In fact, his Jim Kirk sounds even more world-wearier than Shatner's from STAR TREK II: THE WRATH OF KHAN! And, in the real world, such emotional burn-out can be all-too plausibly devastating for people so chronologically young. Then, there's Zachary Quinto as Mr. Spock.His reaction over the death of the "other" Mr. Spock (the venerable Vulcan ambassador from an alternate "future") is one that's mentally echoed by all true fans of the original STAR TREK franchise over the past fifty years. In fact, as the ambassador, himself, might put it:"It is probably the one emotional reaction in the universe that is paradoxically quite logical."But, of course, it was Anton Yelchin's final performance, as young Mr. Chekov that drew the attention of everyone in the movie theater I went to see this at. Maybe it's just me. Yet, he seemed to be the one cast member, among these relatively still new-comers, to have settled into his decidedly classic role the most comfortably. Even more so than Quinto's Spock and the new Dr. McCoy, put together. And they had some of the wittiest dialogue in the film!The only reason I don't give this film a perfect ten, however, is that little bit of calendrical miscalculation during the recording of Jim's log entry at the beginning. Just multiply 365 times 3 if you want to catch my drift.
평점: 8	리뷰: While the previous two Star Trek films have had their moments, I have been a bit underwhelmed with them, overall. I really need to tip my cap to Doug Jung and Simon Pegg for steering things into a new direction.The gripes about "Trek" have been that old Trek is too many discussions and new Trek is too much action ... these gripes aren't without merit at times, but this time I think they found a happy medium by doing something that has not really happened in the first two films, and was a trademark of the best parts of the original series - focusing on character interaction. Without going into too much, the middle part of the film sees the crew split up into groups where they are forced to interact, and the overall effect is good. In between the more philosophical opening and closing are some excellent action scenes. It is really a strong example of a well planned out, well rounded film for this genre. While revealed a bit of a ham-handed manner, there is even a really nice plot twist in the plot that gives a nice (albeit, not too subtle) message about the need to change if we want to see a better society.The visuals are excellent, with particular praise for the Yorktown station which looks like something M.C. Escher would have come up with after several nights of hard drinking. It might be the single best visual in any "Trek" film or TV episode.This easily ranks as the best "Trek" film since "First Contact" ... but in certain ways, it might even be the best since "Wrath of Khan" for getting back to exploring the characters we have come to love.
평점: 8	리뷰: I saw "Star Trek Beyond", starring Chris Pine-Into the Woods, Unstoppable; Zachary Quinto-Hit-man:Agent 47, American Horror Story_tv; Sofia Boutella-Kingsman:The Secret Service, StreetDance 2 and Idris Elba-The Thor movies, No Good Deed.This is the 3rd in the new Star Trek series-the first one in 2009 and Into Darkness in 2013-and I think they are getting the hang of what made the original TV series good. The comradery between the main characters and the hopefulness for a bright future. Chris returns as Kirk, as does Zachery as Spock. And, of course, all the other newbees are back, too- Karl Urban/Bones, Zoe Saldana/Uhura, Simon Pegg/Scotty, John Cho/Sulu and Anton Yelchin/Chekov. FYI: Anton died about a month before the release of this movie-6/19/16-and is acknowledged at the end of the movie, as well as Leonard Nimoy. The plot goes something like this, Chris and his crew are sent to rescue a ship that is in distress in uncharted space when things go south quickly. They discover a planet that lures ships into their clutches and then Idris/Krall plunders them for slave labor and other, more evil intentions-he has some kind of energy siphoning powers that he uses on people. Of course, it's hard to recognize Idris in his alien make-up as Krall but they do show what he looks like before he became Krall, so you know it is him. Idris uses these neat mechanical drones-they look like a swarm of bees-to attack and disable his victims. When Chris and company are stranded, they meet other castaways and the most interesting and helpful is Sofia/Jaylah. There is lots of action and humor scattered throughout the movie and several nods to the original cast members are also there-and I do mean all of the main actors. It ends with a teaser for another installment in the franchise so don't be too worried about this being the last one. It's rated "PG-13" for sci-fi action and violence and has a running time of 2 hours & 2 minutes. I really liked this one and would buy it on Blu-Ray.
평점: 7	리뷰: As far as blockbuster franchises go, the current Star Trek series has been undergoing a distinctly palpable identity crisis. Should it wholly embrace its blockbuster marketing, aiming for go-for- broke action to attract the popcorn audience in droves? Or should it aspire to reach loftier ideals of character development, intellectualizing about existence as the crew gets caught up in seemingly intractable story lines (and timelines)? The good news is that Star Trek Beyond successfully manages to do both, incorporating terrific sound design and seamless visuals in a plot that respects its sci-fi pedigree. It harks back to Gene Roddenberry's idealistic principles of unity, diversity, and inclusion, while at the same time throwing a winking nod towards the growing cinematic predilection for fun and silliness. In this regards, Star Trey Beyond owes a huge debt of gratitude to the hugely successful Guardians of the Galaxy, which reinvigorated audience interest in space odysseys that are, well, fun. And fun this certainly is. For two hours well-spent, don't miss Star Trek Beyond on the big screen.
평점: 8	리뷰: For all so critical of the movie, how would know what Gene would approve of, & those Who require Sci-fi to be Sci-fi...... Get over it, movies are made to entertain, if you don't care for all the action & destruction, go watch the "Note Book", get in touch with yourself, watch reruns...... You can live in the past. What did you expect, Justin Lin directed it. Love the new cast for this franchise, sorry about Anton, hope they cast a good one. With the exception of Ulhura, all replacement cast do a very good job of replicating the original members, I have to be fair, original Ulhura did not really interact with crew as much as the current character, glad she has more of a role now. I'm already looking forward to the new installment.
평점: 4	리뷰: All "beats and shouting" is how one character describes the classical twentieth century strains of The Beastie Boys, and it could just as well describe Justin "Fast & Furious" Lin's entry into the Star Trek cinematic canon, its thirteenth instalment.Three years into their five-year mission and life aboard the Enterprise is getting pretty boring. (I know, right? Our hearts bleed for these brave handsome space explorers.) They park up at a moon-sized starbase called Yorktown, where they are visited by an alien refugee who says her people have been attacked.The Enterprise investigates, traversing a nebula before finding a hostile swarm of ships. (Incidentally, the pacing by this point is typical of the film as a whole: insufficient build-up to an overlong action payoff.) The Enterprise is overwhelmed, and boarded by the swarm's commander, Krall (Idris Elba). Krall wants an alien artefact in Kirk's (Chris Pine) possession.As a result of the battle the Enterprise crew crash land on a local planet. Separated, some are captured by Krall and his drones. Kirk's scattered team, with the help of clichéd huntress Jaylah (genuinely named after J-Law, and played by Sofia Boutella), must find a way to rescue their friends and escape the planet before Krall and co destroy Yorktown.An opening gag, a comical encounter involving a bestial alien race, sets the cartoon tone for the movie. The set even resembles the Klingon courtroom from The Undiscovered Country – and it was the first of many times that I felt the series' heritage was being referenced in a faintly mocking way. When every line involving that rich pseudo-science jargon is being flipped into a joke it comes across as dumbing down to the point of contempt.I feel this point is important enough to labour, particularly as some of the marketing has harkened back to the likes of The Motion Picture – a thoughtful work of philosophical sci-fi to which this bears no resemblance. Being stupid isn't in itself a problem, but when a film continually references its forebears, both on screen and off, one cannot but feel that history is being exploited.When nu-Spock is coming to terms with his mortality and his fearful exclamations are laughed off by his supposed friends Bones and Kirk (who, in a diluted allusion to Wrath of Khan's birthday scene, had themselves earlier discussed mortality), you question whether these characters – the very soul of Trek – are being taken seriously.Being co-written by Simon Pegg, it should come as no surprise that the bro-banter is in full force; and, in Beyond's defence, it sometimes works in the quieter moments. When the crew is paired off we do get some interesting matchings: Kirk and Checkov (the late Anton Yelchin); Spock (Zachary Quinto) and Bones (Karl Urban); Scotty (Pegg) and Jaylah. The strongest scenes are the simple ones where they're exploring this strange new world and mutually building their characters.However. Maybe it's a reference to the original third film's subtitle, but poor Spock is missing for large parts; and when he is on screen his moodiness comes across less like a character's grief and more like an actor's embarrassment. You can almost see his despair at the direction the series is taking: A franchise hungrier than ever to knock the techno-babble on the head and move on to the next starship-flipping setpiece.(Just wait until you get to the part with the musical weapon. It will determine if you're on board with this mission or it'll be your escape pod moment. I found it risible: not smart-silly, just shark-jumping.)Another Star Trek movie, another frustrated madman having a tantrum. But unlike Nero or Kahn, Krall's motivations are vague and implausible, and Idris Elba's performance is unconvincing. It's not helped by his character's obsession with the ancient artefact he covets: a MacGuffin so mysterious that it cannot be adequately explained through exposition, and which produces a lame CG effect like something out of The Mummy.Lin mimics JJ Abrams' kinetic style but it's all bluster and no rhythm or rhyme. His clunky direction and the chaotic editing (four editors, seemingly at odds with each other) undermine any sense of local geography or the relationship between subjects. This particularly comes to the fore in the final act, where any narrative ingenuity gives way to video game plotting (complete with tool tips and checkpoints) – a succession of confusing complications in lieu of real narrative complexity – and Lin is not up to the task of keeping us informed of the rules and the stakes.Beyond lacks the vitality and novelty of Star Trek '09 and has none of the thrilling personal conflicts or emotional sensitivity of Into Darkness. And more than those films, which were already more flash than flesh, it lacks depth. This is the cinema of spectacle, not ideas. Once, this film series could do both. But Beyond doesn't go beyond passable. And for a crew of this calibre, that's not good enough.
평점: 8	리뷰: Thus far critics have been lauding Star Trek Beyond as the film that finally brings the Star Trek (1966-1969) ethos into the rebooted series. Like it or not the J.J. Abrams films are now considered mere auditions to The Force Awakens (2015). Indeed, even a glancing look will reveal shades of Star Wars (1977) in everything from the rumble atop the drill in the first film to Khan's monologue-ing in the second. Personally, I'm of the opinion that while Star Trek (2009) is an absolute treasure, Star Trek Into Darkness (2013) felt like the seventh season of a dying TV show.I am however not of the opinion that Star Trek Beyond is a homecoming but more like a best case scenario negotiating the original show's heavy political and philosophical themes with the reboots sleek aesthetic. That best case scenario is even more impressive when you consider director Justin Lin's resume includes the Fast and Furious (2001-2015) let's say "renaissance".Star Trek Beyond begins with Captain Kirk (Pine) contemplating a quarter-life crisis of sorts. He's about to celebrate a birthday marking him one year older than his father ever was. He's considering hanging up his captain's hat and taking an admiral-ship with Star Fleet. His plans are put on hold when the Enterprise is tasked with a search and rescue mission in a unexplored part of a far-away nebula. Once there the Enterprise is ambushed by a mysterious foe named Krall (Elba) who wants a seemingly useless trinket aboard the ship. The Enterprise is overrun, the crew impressed and the bridge's officers are marooned on separate parts of a desolate planet.Captain Kirk's moments of characterization are mirrored almost perfectly by Officer Spock's character arc which has him contemplating resigning from Star Fleet to aid Vulcan diaspora. While not as laced with Kentucky whiskey as Kirk's thread, Spock's stakes are much higher for himself and his people, therefore we immediately gravitate towards him just like audiences did back in the 60s. That's one thing this film got right, it wisely focused emotional heft on the franchise's mascot.Another thing the film got right is it divided it's focus on some choice side characters, the most prominent of which is fellow marooned starfarer Jaylah (Boutella). Trapped on Krall's inhospitable planet since childhood, Jaylah's resourcefulness and stubborn individualism channels the young Jennifer Lawrence in Winter's Bone (2010). The moment she saves the shipwrecked Scotty (Pegg) from fellow scavengers, she immediately becomes the power source this film orbits and it's all the better for it.The theme of the day in Star Trek Beyond is unity. The unity of the Enterprise's crew is tested against the power of Krall and his army of drones who seems to know all about the Federation of Planets. Krall goes through great pains dismantling the morale of the imprisoned crew and Lieutenant Uhura in particular. "Unity is not your strength. It is a weakness," says Krall in a quick deconstruction of his plans. Yet his machinations for Star Fleet are conspicuously left out until a third act reveal that is reminiscent of Shinzon's character arc in Star Trek: Nemesis (2002). Not only that, he's a surprisingly layered foil to the equally embittered Jaylah who's been alone for so long she has no concept of unity.In it's entirety, this film is not Beyond certain genre limitations. While scribes Simon Pegg and Doug Jung channel the original germ in the screenplay, the film still feels like it's in the wrong tempo leaving too little in the film's quieter moments while racing towards the next action set-piece. Visually the film sneaks in a few literate allusions (not to mention references to other parts of the Star Trek universe) yet Lin's showy camera-work proves distracting, especially when he hammers home the "what's up is down" motif.Beyond may not be the "return" of Star Trek's brand of unapologetic, cerebral sci-fi. That torch has been passed to Doctor Who (2005- Present) quite a while ago. Judged purely by the movies, Star Trek Beyond is somewhere between The Voyage Home (1986) and First Contact (1996). As a contemporary action film/sci-fi space adventure it's arguably among the best you'll see this year.

영화제목: Into the Woods
평점: 9	리뷰: I saw Into the Woods yesterday at a previewing of it at Harkins Theater. It is definitely a MUST see! The casting was done extremely well for almost all the characters. Not only this but their choices of set and scenery for each scene in the movie was done exceptionally well. This movie has many amazing things about it! I'd say if I had to choose one thing specifically out of everything i liked about it, I'd say the emotional atmosphere the movie creates. This emotional atmosphere keeps you on the edge of your sit,it also makes you feel sympathy for each character and their individual stories.But I am not just going to say something about the atmosphere the movie creates but how great the music itself was. There are several songs in Into The Woods that I left the Theater with on my mind.I guarantee when if you go see Into The Woods you'll leave the Theater satisfied.So go and see Into the Woods when it comes out in Theaters Christmas day!
평점: 4	리뷰: I'm going to preface this by stating that I am completely unfamiliar with the source material. I've never seen the stage version of James Lapine and Stephen Sondheim's musical, never heard the songs before, and I had no idea what the story was about. I do, however, enjoy movie musicals. In fact, Rob Marshall's adaptation of "Chicago" is one of my all time favorites. Now to this film...The songs, cast, direction, cinematography, and production design are all top-notch. Obviously, you want good music in a musical, and Mr. Sondheim doesn't disappoint. Rob Marshall clearly knows what he's doing by now, as he expertly captures the actors performances, with camera work that sweeps you off your feet. I'm no expert on singing, but everyone in the cast seemed to be bringing their A game. The only performance I didn't really care for was Johnny Depp's, but thankfully he's only around for about one song.For the first two-thirds of this movie, I was having a great time. The intersecting stories were interesting, the characters were fun, the (often dark) comedy was hilarious. Then came the third act.This is where, I assume, the second act in the stage version begins. But what would probably make sense for the second half of a live musical, is instead jammed into the last 30 minutes of the film version. Usually in films, the third act is where all of the conflicts, character motivations - everything that has been building up over the first two acts, comes to a head. Instead, Into the Woods resolves all of the conflicts by the end of act two, and then starts over with new ones in act three. We're now effectively watching a new movie.This might not be as big an issue if the pacing didn't come to a crawl in the final act. There seem to be less songs, and the few there are end up slowing down the story, instead of driving it. Characters that were stomping through the woods with purpose, now seem to be wandering aimlessly, bumping into other characters for more contrived conflict. Nothing feels organic or fresh anymore, and by the end I was just thankful the damn movie was over.I realize that fans of the stage version will probably like this film a lot more than I did. They'll probably "get" the story's unusual ending, because they are aware of the original creator's intentions. But I can only judge this film based on its own merits. And on its own, it is not very good.
평점: 8	리뷰: I knew of the play and the storyline, but was not familiar with the music until I actually heard it. Some great songs! The cast was all able to carry the tunes without looking bad...very impressed. For the younger viewer...little ones...I'm not sure this is a film for them. Main reason being I'm not sure they get read these fairy tales anymore. My grandkids like Star Wars, Frozen etc. I think 10 and up will enjoy the story at different levels. Younger than teens will like the two kids Jack and Little Red Riding Hood...both well cast with good voices as well. Teens will like the pg rated sexual tensions and story lines there. Older will like the music, sets, acting and visual effects in the film. Also like many Disney films the younger will interpret the line one way while the older will understand it differently..more adult. Meryl Streep and the rest of the actors did a great job with their roles. A nice film for the holidays.
평점: 2	리뷰: "Into the Woods" felt like a story told in 17 acts. As the movie went on, you could feel the life draining from your body. But it was not going to be a painless death; with each added scene, it became more excruciating. The music was unDisney-like in that it was not catchy, it was preachy. In the end the remaining villagers are running from a giant woman who looked a lot like Eleanor Roosevelt. She knocked down trees and buildings with her giant feet. She was trying to avenge the death of another giant. I began to pray that her giant foot would turn the cast into toe jam. Then, they would stop that infernal singing.Bad Disney, really bad Disney.
평점: 4	리뷰: Well, i had a lot of excitement and hopes for this movie. Who could not? Here it has a dream cast, a compilation of fairy tale characters, an innovative touch as a musical, and Johnny Depp. Any ways. It was the movie's world premier in DIFF, and we dressed up with my wife; you know, bow ties, dress clothes etc. At the end we were going to the world premier of one of the movies we had been expecting. And what happened? Well, i can say a lot of things happened, but not a single nice thing about this movie. It was bad bad bad. The flow was bad, the musical quality was horrible, the characters were not fitting, even it was not possible to place this movie in any genre - was it comedy? No. Fantasy, no. Family, No No. What was that? I guess it was a too-long-cut movie version of Once-Upon-a- Time TV series WANNABE. Don't go. Don't waste your time and money. Into the wooooood la la la la... KIll meeee, kill meee now...
평점: 8	리뷰: Seriously wasn't there any better looking girl for Cinderalla role who can sing in entire Hollywood? I want the Prince go with the witch, well almost! Comparing her with Emily Blunt makes it worse! I am not against Anna Kendrick but I don't think she was cut as Cinderalla...she is talented, has a nice voice but I am sure had this been real, Cinderalla Anne would have waited her prince Chris charming forever. Chris Pine is the prince as you can imagine him as a prince. Unfortunately, the best make up that turn wonderful Meryl Streep into a witch couldn't do much for Miss Kendricks. I thought she could be one of the sisters, but not Cinderella...oh no!
평점: 6	리뷰: Slick, lavish, and imaginatively vibrant, Rob Marshall's newest musical adaptation "Into the Woods" hits most of the notes as a thoroughly entertaining experience of the holiday season. Assembling one the year's finest casts, Marshall brings his ability to bring each actor to their utmost potential, while keeping composer Stephen Sondheim's brilliance intact. In the end however, the real problem with "Woods" is that its narrative structure is slashed like a hairstylist that took too much off the top, or in this case the second act. The first hour of James Lapine's adaptation is so wholesomely fulfilling. When the story takes a sudden, yet awkward shift into "serious" and more adult territory, this Disney produced spectacle struggles to find its footing. Perhaps, a director's cut, 30 minutes longer, and more clearly obvious themes would have felt more satisfying. This doesn't take away from the marvelous performances that are abound. Those will surely keep you engaged enough to make it through.It's imperative to begin with Chris Pine. A movie star that hasn't been afforded the opportunity to stretch his acting legs beyond "Star Trek" and "Jack Ryan: Shadow Recruit." When you look at the definition of having fun in a role, Pine's face will be planted firmly next to the words. A career best performance with the show's best musical number, "Agony." Try to look at him the same way after this. A true standout, and scene stealer. Go figure by the way, the man has a very impressive set of pipes.The Queen of the Academy, three-time Oscar-winner Meryl Streep is the best she's been since "The Devil Wears Prada." Seeing Streep operate in these later years, especially stage adaptations like "Doubt," "Mamma Mia!," and last year's "August: Osage County," have not brought out the greatness that Streep is capable of achieving. Granted, anything that is "lower-tier Meryl" is probably better than most, but I've ached to see her hit another home run. This is it. Streep's work as the Witch is profoundly moving and beautifully orchestrated. "Stay with Me" and especially "Last Midnight" will reaffirm her place in our cinematic lives. One of the best performances of the year.The gorgeous and vivacious Emily Blunt is everything you've come to expect from her at this point in her career. She's an amazing performer, beautiful singer, and knows how to elevate material, even when it clearly begins to bog her down. There's nothing wrong with the way that Blunt interprets the Baker's Wife. She's desperate, eager, and extremely hyperactive to get what she wants. In the latter part of the script, a controversial choice could have ignited talk and tears however, because there's clearly chops throughout the narrative, the Baker's Wife's role ultimately feels non-fulfilling for the audience. That doesn't take away from Blunt's talents. She's simply terrific.In what clearly is designed to be the heart and soul of "Into the Woods," James Corden's work as the Baker will propel him into a household name (especially with his upcoming takeover for Craig Ferguson). He's funny, tender, and just a joy to watch. He's a throwback to John C. Reilly's Oscar-nominated work in "Chicago." Affecting, expressive, and memorable. In a story full of characters you grew up loving, making terrible life choices, you find yourself rooting for someone to come on the other side alive, intact, and sustained. For many, Corden will be that character. He's the real deal. I can't wait to see him in more challenging and daring roles in the future."Up in the Air" gave us Anna Kendrick, well at least to the high- brow film community. One Academy Award nomination later, she has mostly succeeded in her own vehicles like "Pitch Perfect" and the upcoming "The Last 5 Years," at least based on early word. Playing Cinderella is a daunting task. Anyone who has it will have to compete with mental images from the animated classic, and any other live action interpretation you've seen throughout your life. Kendrick has the physical prowess and charisma to do all Cinderella's assets justice however, there's something that ultimately feels off. While her co- star Pine disappears into the role of the Prince with no semblance of his former character interpretations, Kendrick just doesn't disguise herself enough to warrant a 100% golden star, or in this case a shoe. For her number "On the Steps of the Palace," she nearly hits her stride. Just not exactly what we hoped for.The rest of the cast has their individual moments. Johnny Depp's interpretation of the Wolf was fun, but anyone who had a problem with his vocal range in "Sweeney Todd: The Demon Barber of Fleet Street," will have their lickings once again. I'm glad that I've learned who Billy Magnussen is now as a result of his work as Rapunzel's Prince. He's delightful. Mackenzie Mauzy's Rapunzel is an unrealized staple of the musical that could have been far more richer and satisfying than what was ultimately displayed. Mauzy's turn is essential.Christine Baranski's work as the wicked Stepmother kicks off the film on the most enormous high. A delectable presence sprinkled throughout. Same for the brilliant Tracey Ullman who just needs to be in more movies these days. The young performers, Daniel Huttlestone as Jack and Lilla Crawford as Red Riding Hood are equal parts impressive and annoying. The step-sisters, Lucy Punch and Tammy Blanchard are finely tuned with their wicked counterpart throughout."Into the Woods" is an energetic, rapturous romp at the movies. Lovely displayed with stunning production work and costume design, which are both singular standouts of the film year. Managed, genuine, and appreciated, "Into the Woods" is a must-watch for the season. An alluring, though flawed work, that stands as an excuse and reason to keep the movie musical alive. If anything, above all else, you take that with you to the bank.Read more @ (www.awardscircuit.com)
평점: 10	리뷰: I was a huge fan of the original Broadway musical and when I found out that they were making a film version of this beloved Sondheim/Lapine-musical, I was crazy excited. I'm not going to critically analyze this film because I know you already know that with this A-team cast and creative team, the film is going to be spectacular. I'll just clear up some confusions and mild criticisms. First of all, I agree with most reviews that the latter half of the film felt off, especially for those who aren't familiar with the source material. This is most likely due to their decision of cutting The Narrator character from the stage musical. The death of the narrator was an essential turning point in the musical; he's supposed to be the one guiding the characters in their story, but after he died, things went wrong (like the Prince's affair with Baker's Wife and the Giantess thing). Also, I was disappointed that the show's act finale/opener, Ever After and So Happy were cut, although I get it due to cinematic restrictions. Ever After and So Happy juxtaposes the two acts, whilst expressing the characters' perception and doubts of a happy ending. I was also saddened that many viewers (and reviewers) didn't found Sondheim's songs as astounding, lacking the "catchy" factor, which they also found in the film version of Sweeney Todd. While it's understood that Sondheim's labyrinthine score isn't for the general film audience, the genius of his music and lyrics is incomparable and deserves more commendations that it will never get from film adaptations of his films. That being said, Into the Woods is an overall fun and spectacular film (clearly a contender for the upcoming awards season), but like I said. It's better left onstage.

영화제목: Super 8
평점: 9	리뷰: I went to the advance screening of this movie last night. I have to say I was very impressed. Normally all these movies are all the same and have been done so many times. The story line wasn't original (cloverfield) However the way the movie was made was amazing. Throughout the movie you will experience all emotions. I think each part was played very very and every character has some impact on the movie. Joel courtney played the main character Joe lamb. You feel attached to this character throughout the movie and experience all his emotions with him. Abrams tried to build suspense by keeping the audience from knowing what is actually going on. It sort of works, however its not too hard to guess. I would recommend going to see this movie and experience it in the cinema. The last 15 mins where a bit cheesy and weren't as good as the first hour and 45mins. If the ending was better without the cheese, I would of given this movie 10 out of 10.
평점: 10	리뷰: JJ Abrams has created a terrifying and beautiful nostalgic film,exceeding expectations with the thought would come out of the theater, the entire film is a beautiful reminder of the movies that we liked children (ET, The Goonies) but without making it too Creating a great balance between nostalgia and variety in the script, so far the best movie of the year. since started the movie and sees the boy (joe) is there a little memory of Elliot (ET) to advance a little, see a bit of melancholy for his lost family, until there is very little digestible movie until boom shocking scene happens train with what you really feel it's there dodging debris and running around the place and suddenly you see joe in front of a moving wagon followed by a door covering the angle of what comes out, what adds great flavor to curious that came out of there, little by little strange events happen that make you wonder what kind of thing you can do it, dogs running around outside everywhere, strange attacks, people vanishing and machinery stolen happens very creepy scene in which you want to cover your eyes and leave the room, it explores the perspective of the curious and innocent children like "THE GOONIES"but with some guidance from JJ Abrams mystery type, hence all the people begin to ask as much as your passing, we note that the military people say little lamb and the officer will resolve this with their own hands, much like a father who seeks the truth only to forget the death of his wife while Children make their own in search of truth, the creature is really cool . the end of the movie leaves a sour taste in mouth and not tell it for obvious reasons, when they start feeling the sensations such credits have been in the movie. the whole movie is a reminder of Steve Jobs with a great work of JJ undoubtedly worth paying for this masterpiece
평점: 7	리뷰: Super 8 is nice movie with awesome cinematography and superb editing and a very interesting story which centers group of children in 1979 who are filming and something very unexpected happens. Super 8 might be the best summer movie of 2011 but who knows there are many other titles coming which of course I have not seen. JJ Abrams sure is a nice director. The suspense of the movie is extreme at some points and the sound effects make it even intense.Performance by the entire cast is OK and the script/dialogue/story is pretty genuine and the movie looks like very REAL and you are compelled to believe it.Cinematography is another very positive point of the movie and the scenes really take you 30 years back.Original Score is nice too.IMO the movie will enjoy excellent critic/public/award response this year. and business will be good as well.9/10.
평점: 9	리뷰: I was lucky enough to get to see Super 8 today at an advanced screening. I'd been excited for J. J. Abram's latest for months, but the result even exceeded my expectations. The secrecy of what happens to our group of middle schoolers is part of the film's appeal, so I won't spoil it. However, I will say that the first 4/5 of this film are an incredibly entertaining homage to the monster movies of the past. There's even mention of the Soviets invading! Real movie magic is created, kicked off by a breath-taking train crash sequence. Most of the middle school kids' performances are passable, but Elle Fanning stands out. She looks far older than she actually is, and acts as such. Her performance outshines even the adults around her. Unexpected humor is also present in the conversations that our heroes have. The wondrous, childlike aura of the film (and its ending) are expected from Spielberg, and it plays out a bit like ET + War of the Worlds + Cloverfield. This is a minor drawback, as the film focuses on the kids for the majority of its running time before suddenly switching gears at the end. Also, several plot lines, including the mother of our protagonist, run a little flat before they can fully develop. These problems being addressed, the ending doesn't quite live up to the extraordinarily high standards the rest of the film sets. It's not terrible, though! There is nothing else negative I can say about Super 8. It's hilarious, touching, scary, imaginative, and fun. And SO WELL EXECUTED. J. J. clearly knows how to make a movie, even if his writing isn't necessarily perfect. Without the few plot problems, Super 8 would be an Oscar contender. Unfortunately, I think that the Academy will look at Super 8 as nothing but above average summer fare. I will be seeing it again, however. And maybe again.
평점: 10	리뷰: I was fortunate enough to see a screening this morning in DC. I had pretty high hopes for it from what I saw from the trailers. I don't lean one way or the other when it comes to Abrams, some of his stuff I like, some of it I don't. Super 8 is one that I loved. In the current era of CGI laden, soul-dead adventure flicks, Super 8 distinguishes itself by having heart. There is an authenticity to those kids in the film, a familiarity in their conversations. It reminded me of when I was a kid. It was like ET meets Goonies meets The Sandlot. And the film that they are trying to make within the film, and their obsession with "production values" draws a lot of laughs. The friendship between the kids in the film really resonates, and the emotional elements of the film totally deliver. One of the most poignant scenes in the film has nothing to do with whats in the train car, or the air force, and anything like that....rather, its a scene that takes place in Joe's bedroom as he sits on the floor talking to Alice. Now, as much as I loved the film, it is not without some flaws, mostly in continuity. Also, I would have liked a little more exposition for some of the characters, I would love to know more about Alice's father. That being said, I am forgiving on those things because the movie hits its mark everywhere else. Surely it will draw its comparisons to ET, and the other early Spielberg works, but those comparisons will always be unfair. Those films came at a different time. And the people who see Super 8 today, have changed since they first saw ET, or any of those other films. I am just glad the generation of younger people will have this as a generational film for them, as I had with those other great adventure films. All in all, Super 8 was a terrific film experience, that will leave you with a smile on your face.
평점: 10	리뷰: Simple words! It's a film with heart, which takes us encounter something that we have avoided feeling lately: like a child! Great acting, good script and a big heart like a long time not seen in a movie, this masterpiece is all that we would want it to be, but we're afraid to feel. Forget the brain at home and let your imagination be the vehicle that takes you along with this story of friendship! Congratulations JJ and Spelberg for reminding us why we all love the movies!
평점: 6	리뷰: This director's 'Star Trek' made for great entertainment and a movie (not film) that I absolutely loved. Sorry, but I can't say the same for this one. The first hour or so sets up some very intriguing major dramatic questions and really pique the audience's interest. Unfortunately the payoffs to most of the setups are a bit weak, except for the resolution to the big question, and that payoff is flat out puny, bordering on ridiculous. In recent interviews Abrams has proudly cited the films that inspired this one and the evidence as to which ones they are is in full display very soon after Joe, our young protagonist (a stellar performance by newcomer Joel Courtney)is introduced and continue throughout. Joe's relationship with Alice (an astonishing Elle Fanning) is the ONE thing in this movie that rings absolutely true. They are wonderful together. Other than that the rest of the movie is a series of rehashed set pieces that do not engage us so much emotionally but rather ask us to sit and take in a tonally uneven and bland mash-up of what has come before and was done better. Not good, not bad, but if you're looking for an exciting time at the movies this summer, look elsewhere.
평점: 9	리뷰: As the marketing and hype started to build for Super 8, I decided to try my best to not watch any real trailers or promos for the film. It was a difficult task, but somehow I managed to pull off allowing the film to be a mystery leading into its release. When I got the opportunity to see the film in advance fell into my lap, I did not second guess the hype – I ran to the theatre as fast as I could. Taking place in the summer of 1979, Joe Lamb (Joel Courtney) is part of an atypical group of friends making a film to enter into a local film festival. While shooting on a train platform late one night, the group witnesses a horrific train crash. They survive the mysterious crash, and do not think much of it. But then strange things begin happening in the town, and the US military suddenly shows up to clean up the damage, not to mention some bizarre things are being recovered from the crash.I already feel like I have said too much regarding about Super 8, but my enthusiasm for this ridiculously well done film is too hard to contain. Abrams, alongside producer and obvious inspiration Steven Spielberg, has crafted something both special and truly extraordinary. What is on the outside a very keenly and nostalgically made film about the loss of innocence and the wonder of personal discovery, is also a period picture examining a time when the slightest enigmatic occurrence could lead to an accusation of Soviet invasion. Many will instantly equate the film to the early work of Spielberg himself (not only because of the various homages), but this is a film that was never meant to draw such easy comparisons.With Super 8, Abrams has matured into a great filmmaker who is very quickly on their way to becoming a master of the craft. He tenderly embraces the format of a monster movie and the hard lessons behind growing up (not unlike Joe Cornish's significantly grittier Attack the Block), and never lets either get too far ahead of itself. While it can be thrilling and fused with electric intensity, it can also be very tender and moving. We know the focus is on these adorable, wide-eyed kids, but Abrams invests enough time into the adult characters like Kyle Chandler's Deputy Jackson Lamb and Louis Dainard, played by the obscenely underrated Ron Eldard as well. By doing this, he allows the audience to follow in the wonder of the children's vague cluelessness of the hell that is going on around them, and the adults trying to unravel the mystery. He also lets the script speak for itself, directing the increasing action brilliantly and allowing the actors to truly become the characters they are playing. I just hope he quickly realizes his stylish use of lens flare is beginning to border a little too close to overbearing.Acting wise, the film fires on all cylinders. Chandler and Eldard are excellent in their fatherly roles, as is Noah Emmerich's absolutely despicable Nelec. But the show is completely stolen far and away by the children. This is really their movie, and they shine in each of their scenes. Casting relative unknowns in the majority of these roles, not least Courtney in the lead, helps give an enhanced sense of authenticity and fascination. The looks of fear, confusion, sadness and fun are real in the most flattering way possible. There is not one instance where any of these kids look like they are acting against a green-screen, or acting on a set. They act like seasoned veterans, and will surprise you consistently from the opening frame right until the end of the credits. Special mention also goes to Elle Fanning, who is rapidly proving to be a formidable talent who might be even stronger than her famous sister Dakota.While I will not give away too many specific details, I can say the special effects should already be considered an early front runner for the best of the year. The train crash sequence involves some of the most incredibly and intensely depicted images of destruction I have ever seen. You will be on the edge of your seat unable to look away from just how amazingly realistic it all looks. With Super 8, the visual effects are taken to the extreme, and look absolutely astounding every time they are employed. Without ruining anything else, I can safely say you will be both terrified and awestruck by just how much effort was put into making these effects look so realistic.If I hold anything against the film, it is the finale. The film is brilliantly paced and the tone is never taken for granted, but it just comes off a bit odd when compared to the rest of the film. It is not as disappointing as some may have you believe, but it was a bit too soft and cuddly for my liking – a little bit too close to what Spielberg would have done. We know the film is a nostalgic homage to those films that so many of us remember watching on weekends as kids, but the ending just does not jive as well as it could have. It feels like Abrams just did not want to commit to anything darker, and just went with the safest route he could think of. If you are still reading this review and can see Super 8 now, than you have made a big mistake. With only his third film, Abrams has made a truly spectacular must-see film that demands to be seen as quickly as possible. Allowing some of the surprises to be spoiled is simply not an option. This is the best film of the summer thus far, and will be remembered well into the end of the year. 9/10.(An extended review also appeared on http://www.geekspeakmagazine.com).
평점: 9	리뷰: If there's one movie you shouldn't miss this year, it's Super 8. There's more heart and soul in it's two hour running time than most mainstream movies could ever hope to conjure. It's the kind of film that reminds you of why you go to the movies.Reviewing a film like Super 8 isn't easy, there's simply too much material to cover and there is the delicate problem of giving too much away. Director JJ Abrams has gone to great lengths to keep the plot of his movie a secret, so much so that the film's resulting low profile may hurt it's box office take. He's the master of what he calls the "Mystery Box", he doesn't want to tell you what's in it, but he sure as hell wants you to enjoy opening it.The film is set in a small Ohio town in 1979, complete with bad fashion, hairstyles, and fantastic cars. It centres on Joe Lamb (Joel Courtney), son of Deputy Sheriff Jackson Lamb (Kyle Chandler), and the tragic events of that winter and how it changed his life. The film opens with one of the most chilling shots that will stay with you for a long time after the film, it's the kind of story telling you wish you could feel every time you went to the cinema.Four months later and Joe is helping his friend Charles (Riley Griffiths) finish a super 8 movie for an upcoming film competition, much to the displeasure of his disconnected father Jackson. Charles has managed to convince Alice (Elle Fanning), an older girl whom Joe likes to play a part in his movie. All chuffed and excited they sneak out at night with their firiends Carey (Ryan Lee), Preston (Zach MIllso), and Martin (Gabriel Basso) to film a scene.While filming they witness a shocking crash, their high school science teacher driving his pickup truck onto the train tracks and smashing directly into an oncoming train. The heavily injured teacher, gun in hand, tells them to go and tell no one or they and their parents will die. It's a bit dramatic, but the swarming men in military uniforms convince the children to make a run for it and vow never to tell anyone that they were there.What follows is like a cross between The Goonies and E.T., and it doesn't fail to deliver. It's on the one hand a coming age story and on the other it's about dealing with grief. It's funny, scary, cheesy, and delightful all at the same time. The young and unknown cast are fantastic, they look comfortable and completely natural, with special mention to Joel Courtney and Elle Fanning (sister of Dakota Fanning). Those two are mesmerizing sharing much of the more touching moments of the film, especially Fanning who has a very commanding presence for her age.It's not without it's problems true, Abrams must suffer from ADHD because he seems to love to blow things up even when it doesn't really make sense to. He's also a bit clumsy with some of the dialogue, but it's excusable because the rest of the film exudes a charisma I wish other Directors could master. I also think he's yet to master the elusive art of timing, particularly during the film's climax. He lacks a sense of pace when the plot demands it, and he under plays some action while overplaying others.There has also been some debate over the ending, but I think it's perfect, I think it's easy to forget what this film is really about, which might be the fault of the film itself. But you only need to listen to Abrams tell you that "Jaws isn't about a shark" or "E.T. isn't about an Alien" (here) to see that he wants to tell a story that's very human and with a lot of heart.Super 8 is an Abrams "Mystery Box" complete with a satisfying unveiling of the goodies inside. It's the best movie so far of 2011, and it's a real treat. You do not want to miss it!
평점: 9	리뷰: My major problem with Super 8 is not with the unremarkable cast or with the cheesy attempts at tension. It's not that it's "slow" or poorly paced for a summer film. If I had to sum it up with a word, I'd say coldness, maybe carelessness. How about dreary? How can anyone enjoy bad dialogue and poor pacing if they don't care for the characters? The execution was palatable but you simply didn't care about anyone or anything that was going on. This is slasher film quality without the slashing. It's just a poor story and a poor effort by all involved.Without a doubt this film going to be the quintessential "hype over substance" film we all reference for years to come. The mystique, marketing and mystery leading up to release was bigger than what we actually see on screen. This overrated film has done nothing but hide behind big names to draw a big opening weekend at the box office. It wanted to be another "Signs" type drama but all it delivers is disappointment.Forget "Signs" this movie was like combining M. Night Shyamalan's "The Happening" and Spielberg's "War of The Worlds." Not exactly a winning combination despite the hype. I'll give the creator's of this film a pass because they usually deliver but the sooner we all forget about this mess and J.J. moves on to the Star Trek sequel the better.
평점: 7	리뷰: In the 70s a boy's mother is killed during a factory accident. The boy is Joe (Joel Courtney) and rallying around him are his young friends, led by Charles (Riley Griffiths). Charles is making a low budget horror movie with them on his super 8 camera; much to the disapproval of Joes father Jack (Kyle Chandler), the deputy Sheriff. One night Charles invites the group to a late night filming session. He invites along Alice (Elle Fanning) and Joe takes a quiet liking to her. While filming at a train station they try to use an incoming train as a background to the movie. But the train derails and explodes, forcing the kids to run for cover. When they reach the wreckage a dying man points a gun at them, telling them not to talk about anything they've seen. Days later and strange things are occurring in the town, like metal objects disappearing, suggesting that something otherworldly has escaped from the train. It leads to a military intervention on the town, which is disrupting for the filming of the rest of Charles' movie. Alice is also reluctant to come back because of her alcoholic father Louis (Ron Eldard). There are three films being made throughout Super 8 and only two of them work. The kid's amateur horror production and J.J. Abrams' tribute to a young, free generation have a nostalgic quality to them. There's a level of sweetness about the trouble these kids get into and how they interact with each other. The dynamics of the group are sharp. Their interactions are often very funny and their diction is sound. It's very difficult to capture how children speak to each other but here it's authentic. And because of this and the unique personality of each child the scenes with the group are the most enjoyable in the film. This is essentially a picture for anyone who has ever played with monster makeup, fake blood and plastic soldiers. But rather typically, the adults spoil the fun. The studio's vision seems at odds with Abrams'. The film is louder and more inflated than E.T ever could have been. The little guy probably went home so he could hear himself think. Too often there's a lack of restraint here. Take the film's biggest set piece, the train crash. It's deafening and visually striking but it's not enough to simply have the locomotive derail. It also has to be packed with explosives so we can watch it go boom. Then there's the assumption that without caricatures like the pot smoker and the scantily clad rebellious daughter we'd never know the film was set in the 1970s. The clean neighbourhoods and stereotypes make this look like a movie version of the era. It's also the side characters who obstruct the more interesting main story and provide tonal issues too. There's a disjunction between the playfulness of the kids and the square jawed militarism. It's strange that a film so intent on paying homage to B-grade horror compromises itself by being so serious at times. It's unfortunate because of how funny so much of Super 8 is. The amateur film played over the end credits is hysterical. But as the explosive experts take over in the final quarter, the film starts to read from the Jurassic Park Handbook of Escape Routes. Spielberg is one of the film's producers, which also explains why the film is caught in a tug-of-war between being an aggressive monster picture and something more sentimental. At least the film is never dull, courtesy of the fine performances by the kids. They're all very natural and Elle Fanning grows most emotionally here. There's one noted efforts by the adults like Kyle Chander. His character might as well have been called John Law. Lighten up dad. But as the political climate around the US's immigration policies heats up we're likely to see even more films from Hollywood about alien arrivals. Super 8 is an often engaging and entertaining sci-fi entry to this phase, but those looking for a leaner and more sophisticated alien film would do better with the British film from last year, Monsters.
평점: 8	리뷰: Funny that Abrams is working with Spielberg.....seeing that i consider JJ to be the next Stephen. But has Abrams ever created an idea on his own? Every single movie he has directed has been from someone else's hand. He has proved that he can direct one hell of a movie, but can he create one out of thin air? Remember those old late 70's early 80's kid movies? Ex: "Stand By Me", "Goonies" ext. This movie really strikes a cord with those. Not in the adventure sense, well....that too......but the comparison that i'm trying to make is the overall presence of these main characters and the dialog they exchange with each other. The humorous cussing and funny scenarios....it fits right in with those classic films that we all remember. And it made me think.....Why aren't kids movies like this anymore? It was a nice trip down memory lane for any film geek.As far as story lines, the movie is pretty damn solid. It has that certain Spielberg vibe to it with a little JJ spice thrown in. I mean come on, a bunch of kids filming an amateur zombie flick and witness a train crash carrying contents from Area 51.....you couldn't ask for a better summer movie set-up. But i know most people walking into this will think that everything is about discovering this creature......much like "Stand By Me" with the body, and the treasure with "The Goonies". But if you understand those movies, you will also know that there is a much deeper subtext. With "Super 8", it's got a lot more heart. I wouldn't say it has more heart that "Stand By Me", but it comes pretty damn close, and that in itself is a big compliment.But what really sells this story are the characters. The kids in this crack me up like you wouldn't believe. And oh my god.....Elle Fanning just made her sister look stupid with her talent.But the transitions between the adults and the kids are great. Each one is entertaining, and there is always something physically going on to keep your attention. From beginning to end, the movie does not stop moving.And next we move onto the alien, which i have been dying to see for over a year now. I won't go into too much detail, but it's really similar to the "Cloverfield" monster, just a smaller version. The back story behind this creature is pretty cool, i really wish they could have gone into more detail. They give you enough to wet your hands, but i wanted a full bath. The cool aspect they did with the creature is to the same effect of "Jaws". You don't really see the entire thing until all hell breaks loose, which comes somewhere in the third act.I know most nerds like myself will dislike the ending, but i however enjoyed it. It wasn't cheesy or over the top......it fit nice and snug with the rest of the movie.Bottom Line.....i know it will take a couple of days for this movie to fully sink into my brain, because like i said before, once it starts, it doesn't stop. But judging from what i just experienced, they really don't make summer movies like this anymore. It's a nice trip down memory lane with the nostalgia. The characters are all enjoyable. The Sci-Fi aspect is really cool. The action is top notch. Everything a summer movie should be. I just wish every kids movie was like this......because 20 years ago.....it was.
평점: 8	리뷰: To be honest I didn't know much about this movie going in and I'm glad I didn't. I didn't expect much either because I thought this was going to be a children's movie since it centers on the kids.The kids are surprisingly well cast. They act like kids their age. Joel Courtney carries the movie well for a boy his age. The rest of the children are a great supporting cast.If I had to complain about some of the performances it would be on some of the adults. At times the children seemed smarter than some of the "grown-ups." Kyle Chandler on the other hand was good, finally see him do some action.The movie is very well made, very well written. I really enjoyed it, I laughed, I gasped, I jumped and I even shed a tear.
평점: 10	리뷰: I saw this film, careful to go in not knowing too much about it. And it's not my intention to ruin things for anyone else by explaining it all here. This is a great Summer film, and a film with enough explosions and scares to keep a broad audience on their toes. Yet there is a great script, and an original plot that is not that common to the expected Summer Blockbuster.I know the director is keen to point out that it is not a Spielberg homage, but you can not avoid drawing comparisons. However, if you were a painter, would the odd influence or comparison to Da Vinci be all that bad? The influence as I see it, is on great casting, fabulous details in the development of the supporting cast, and a plot that honestly leaves the audience guessing until the final reel. Hats off to the writer/director, and hopefully he wont mind passing a little of this appreciation on to the Executive Producer.
평점: 10	리뷰: The first indication that this is a throwback and homage to science fiction of the 70s and 80s, is the Amblin logo that came up at the start. After all, Steven Spielberg had given the world Close Encounters of the Third Kind, and ET, two major alien films that had strong characterization and a compelling storyline filled with plenty of human drama, compared to these days when the attention is all focused on who can come up with the baddest looking aliens that can wreck havoc on Earth. Even Spielberg himself had a go with the modern update to War of the Worlds that failed to capture the charm of his earlier sci-fi films.So he took on the producing role, partnering with J.J. Abrams who took on writing and directing responsibilities for Super 8, in what I would deem very ET like, except for the fact that the alien encounter is anything but friendly to a certain extent, more like District 9 style where us humans basically like to, as far as the movies go, enslave anything that falls down from the sky, sending in the military might to overpower, and like Paul said it, exploiting all alien technology and capability before sending them for a lobotomy and autopsy. In case you're wondering, no this is not a Cloverfield prequel or sequel, since the net was abuzz with such speculation given its teasing trailer, and Abrams' own credits as producer of Matt Reeves' film.The story has to be kept under wraps, so what I'll do is to fawn over what worked. There will be quarters who may find it a tad too convenient in the way it ended, but I thought that simplicity is beauty - too often these days we're looking for that surprise ending or smart alecky gimmick, that something so effectively bringing the curtains down on a thrill ride get frowned upon, which is a pity because in essence the film reminds us of the days gone where such tricks need not be resorted to, so long as one had a solid story to tell, which is what Super 8 has in abundance in weaving closed loops in its narrative threads, with mystery, action, drama and romance all rolled into one superb summer blockbuster package.Then there's the casting of relative unknowns, and children at that, who did such a superb job they put their older, seasoned counterparts in the industry to shame. We don't see too many films these days where the protagonists are a group of children embarking on that huge adventure, or in this instance, indulging in their passion for, filmmaking! There's portly Charles (Riley Griffiths) the director and writer, his best chum Joe (Joel Courtney) the makeup artist who both have the same crush over their leading lady Alice (Elle Fanning) to form one romantic angle, and not forgetting lead actor Martin (Gabriel Basso), cameraman Preston (Zach Mills) and pyrotechnics and effects specialist Cary (Ryan Lee), all sharing incredible chemistry together as a team working toward a common goal in making a short film in their small town, only to stumble upon an aged old military secret that threatens their way of life.Adequately peppered with comedy balanced with that sense of mystery and tension throughout, J.J. Abrams leaves you consistently wanting more, feeding off nuggets of minute information bits that he reveals a little at a time. I thoroughly appreciated how everything need not be spelt out in verbose, allowing emotions to come through more genuinely as you feel for the characters involved, though leaving the pieces of the puzzle simple enough for anyone to put them all together. Then there's the tease of not showing you the threat, leaving things for the most parts to your imagination, before the inevitable show hand.Action sequences are what you'd come to expect from a summer film, with the tent pole being the spectacular train crash sequence that began with the little filmmakers wanting a little added production value to their film, which in itself - the train rolling by; anyone who had experienced something similar would attest to that relatively nerve wrecking moment - giving way to a larger scale disaster that made it literally rain metal. Other action moments weren't as big scaled as this one was, though no less crafted with subtlety that demonstrated some degree of confidence not to overindulge in the need for special effects shots, again adding to the mystique that the children and their town had to face.But credit will have to go to the trio of Joel Courtney, Riley Griffiths and Elle Fanning, who all did such a great job to anchor their roles. Dakota will probably be looking over her shoulders given her sister's performance in this film, while I'm pretty sure offers will start knocking on the doors of Joel and Riley as the next potential child actors that we will see more of in time to come, who together with the rest of the young cast had the weight of this film carried on their shoulders, if the film were to succeed it will have to depend on the believability of their banter, antics and chemistry, which as mentioned, were really excellent.Oh and don't head out the door once the end credits start to roll, especially if you're curious to know how the group's short film actually turned out to be. Easily one of the best, and potentially the favourite scene of many. At least I know it is for me! Highly recommended, and it waltzes its way into contention to be amongst the best this year had to offer.
평점: 7	리뷰: Super 8 is a film that I wanted to like, whose characters I wished I cared about, but whose thorough preposterousness (the fault of persistent lapses in logic stemming from graceless, hurried set-up) crippled any possibility for real, enthusiastic engagement. It requires incredible suspension of disbelief in terms of both its basic plot/story structure, and – more damagingly – its young characters' relationships.Emotionally, the film hinges on Joel's attachment to his mother, who recently passed away. Without this grief, there effectively is no story, no emotional conflict. And yet, the emotional and familiar trauma is established so quickly and so bluntly, the death is wholly instrumentalized – bypassing any kind of emotional affection it might have elicited, and emerging simply, and transparently, as a plot requirement. So much of the first hour of the film feels this way: from Alice's introduction, Joel's reaction to finding out that she's joining the cast, to they way the characters are introduced (via a few shorthand traits), and their faux-slice-of-life style of interacting with one another. Abrams has a way of both writing and directing 'on the nose' – telling and showing us (via dialog, visual cues, etc) exactly what we need to know when we need to know it, without art or subtlety. Instead of slowly discovering these characters, their relationships with one another, with their families, others, and the town itself, the exposition is dealt with rapid-fire, most often through shots and dialog that render the characters' feelings and ideas unmistakable. In this way, the machinations of the set-up are all-too-visible; rarely does a moment pass in the first half of the film in which some element is not made transparently and immediately visible as simply a plot or character 'requirement' that demanded setting up.Alice, emerging as if from a social void, quickly becomes friends with Joel, Charles, and the gang after the night of the train crash; from here, Joel and Alice's relationship begins to take shape. Abrams deserves some credit. There are moments in the film of beauty and authenticity, however, Super 8's tendency toward rote sentimentalizing coupled with its dependence on unlikely timing and chance, often deadens their effect. Take a scene in Joel's bedroom: a few shining lines of emotionally authentic dialog between Alice and Joel is undermined by the fundamental unlikeliness of everything about the scene.The film insists on getting to its proverbial feet too quickly. However, once it does begin to act on the plot and character situation it has so deliberately set-up, the machinations to some degree recede into the body of the film, and things run more smoothly – even if the film never relinquishes its fundamental reliance on the preposterous by way of the literal. The monster set-pieces are consistently entertaining – even when the relationships are at their most blunt – and the stakes amp up as things move along. The timing remains always just right, and everyone is always in the right place at the right time.Visually, the film operates at, really, only two levels, vacillating between incredibly shallow DOF close and medium close shots of characters and objects, and CGI wide shots (of the town, the train, a bus in the woods, etc). Visually, the film is at its most interesting in those rare moments when it takes a step back, brings everything into focus, and shows us the characters in relation to the town around them. But, due to the paucity of such shots, there's never any real sense of space (or place), which greatly inhibits the ability of the film to sustain atmosphere (for, in an adventure scenario, the ambiance of spaces is critical). However, for the characters to plausibly move from location to location as they do, seemingly able to get from any one point in the town to any other in a matter of minutes, the shallow focus c.u. is an all important tool.The kids' reactions to the explosions, mayhem, and general disorder that so often surrounds them tends to be closer to that of spectators, awed but abstracted (like the cinema audience itself), than of real human beings in imminent peril. As they run from tanks and explosions, we hear exclamations of "Whoa! That was crazy! Did you see that?" Even within the diegesis the kids seem positioned more as spectators than actors in the environment, emerging always unscathed with no more than the most superficial marks (with small scrapes, covered in a film of dirt).This point, however, returns us to one of the film's central fissures. What is required by the plot takes precedence over what is plausible in the world the film has set up. In all, the film too often feels rote, flat. It hits the proper notes, but artlessly – without having effectively or convincingly established this world, these characters, and the situation they're in enough for the spectacle to amount to much. The confrontation with the monster/alien is ultimately trite and mostly unsatisfying: following in the footsteps of its cinematic forebears, the film humanizes the life-form, yet without expending much energy toward allowing us to understand its plight, preferring to take care of all that more efficiently, via some perfunctory audio-tape exposition from Dr. Woodward.The film has its pleasures, and at least a handful of shining, beautiful little moments. We care enough about the characters, despite the too-often-thin material with which they're provided, to engage with the action/horror/danger set pieces; in general, the pure cinematic thrills of the monster-centered sequences are enough to carry us through the film (via the mostly expert sound design and effective staging). Ultimately, however, as an evocation of childhood adventure, friendship and first love, it doesn't hold up – committed only (and misguidedly) to getting the surface details/plot highlights right, putting to screen its abbreviated, summary version, but failing to either atmospherically or narratively convey the depth (emotionally or spatially) and textural richness a successful characterization would require.
평점: 8	리뷰: As you might expect, J. J. Abrams has churned out another exhilarating experience with solid entertainment. Imagine, if you will, a combination of The Goonies + Cloverfield and you will get Super 8, the story of a young boy and his friends that witness a creature escaping a crashed military train while filming with a super 8 camera. As I heard an audience member say after the screening, J. J. Abrams put his fingerprint on this movie, then smeared it all over. The mysterious creature is only glimpsed a handful of times during the first half of the film, and the story will keep you constantly guessing and engaged. With the aid of some fantastic special effects, Super 8 will no doubt be one of the most exciting films of this summer, additionally offering a nostalgic reminder of the times of Spielberg's E.T. and Close Encounters of the Third Kind. So the bottom line is: Super 8 is good, and if you're watching it as a J. J. Abrams fan, you're in for a real treat.But the film is not without its flaws. Within this young cast you can sense a lot of rising stars but that's just it. They're still "rising". It is a common problem to have some amateur acting with kids. The story is not entirely original either. However, these are only minor complaints against the movie. The main issue with Super 8 is that it can't decide what it wants to be. Is it a coming-of-age drama? Is it an alien action film? Is it horror mystery? Alien and horror and mystery genres can mix quite nicely, but unfortunately coming-of-age not so much. One aspect of the film focuses on the adventure of kids in a rural town while another focuses on a violently rampaging alien. The result is a schizophrenic jumble of genres that has you shifting uncomfortably in your seat at the idea of kids watching certain scenes. For this reason, I STRONGLY caution adults taking their kids to see this movie. Super 8 had more blood, cursing, and blatant drug references than any movie I have seen in a while. IT's a bit like walking into Kick-ass expecting a child's movie. In my honest opinion Super 8 should have been rated R, but Abrams was careful when pushing the limits of PG-13 rules. Indeed, this movie was a wonderful throwback to the days of E.T., but perhaps should only be viewed by those who watched E.T. when it came out. Don't forget that the Abrams touch is violent, as well as mysterious! 8/10
평점: 7	리뷰: "Super 8" takes us back to the glorious days of Spielberg treats like "The Goonies", "E.T. The Extraterrestrial", and "Close Encounters of the Third Kind". Indeed, written and directed by Jeffrey Jacob Abrams, "Super 8" is a collaboration between Abrams and Steven Spielberg who serves as producer.As a teenager, Abrams' film-making exploits caught Spielberg's eye and it earned him a gig restoring Spielberg's own 8mm movies. And if, after viewing the movie, you thought that this is Abrams' homage to Spielberg, Abrams has denied it, saying (in an interview) that "It was never intended as homage to him, but really to that period of my life, which was really the first impulse of this movie." For many, "Super 8" will also remind them of their own childhood adventures and maybe even their first love.During the summer of 1979, a group of school friends led by aspiring director Charles (Riley Griffiths) and make-up trainee Joe (Joel Courtney) are making a zombie movie in a small town in Ohio when they witness a catastrophic train crash. The boys, and their volunteer actress Alice (Elle Fanning), soon suspect that there is more to the accident than meets the eye. Soon people and dogs go missing, and violent, inexplicable events begin to take place in town. And as the US military arrive, Joe's dad Jackson (Kyle Chandler), the local Deputy Sheriff, tries to uncover the truth - which turns out to more terrifying than any of them could have imagined.The first thing I noticed about "Super 8" is how the young cast, led by Dakota Fanning's sister Elle, draw us into their movie-within-a-movie. Fanning's Alice may be talented and pretty and the romantic interest of the boys around her, but she is the gutsiest among the kids. Needless to say, she grabs our attention whenever she is on-screen - as do the other youngsters as they strive to make sense of what is happening from the events captured on the Super 8 camera.The movie may deal with an alien 'invasion' but it is mainly about that time when American adolescents learn about friendship, loyalty, survival and love. Joe, the protagonist, has admired Alice from a distance and boy, does he revel in the chance to touch her face - while doing her make-up. These 'soft' scenes are interspersed with hard-core action sequences like the train crash and the devastation by the alien (which looks quite like the monster from Alien). It is to Abrams' credit that he has resisted the temptation to give audiences a proper view of the 'extra-terrestrial'. Anyway, sustaining curiosity is Abrams' forte, having created TV's "Lost" and "Fringe" series.Among the adult cast are Noah Emmerich, who plays the nasty military commander, and Ron Eldard as Alice's father. They put up credible performances but it is a pity to see them upstaged by the outstanding young cast. Bravo to the youngsters. - (limchangmoh.blogspot.com)
평점: 10	리뷰: SUPER 8 Advance Screening Passes!!! FOR TONIGHT AHHHHHH It pays to be in the Spielberg-JJ Abrams fan club!!!After the screening > 930 pm: I am so EXCITED to see SUPER 8. Steven Spielberg is the reason why I love movies. His blessing, influence, reminiscent of Goonies/E.T are all over Super 8. Just the music from the trailer gave me chills, took me back to the 80's. - incredibly nostalgic wild, adventurous thrill ride to follow these kids, who are fun, innocent with BIG HEART!!! -honestly don't expect big explosions, expect a hearty story. -it's not about the monster, instead it's about the characters, Love, loss, grief, fear and letting go. If you know, followed jj and his shows, then you know his central idea/subtext, LOVE. - ahh love interest....Speilbergian sentimental moments ....aww -Totally miss sandlot, stand by me -complete utter homage to 80's Spielberg E.T, Goonies - Cinematography by Larry Fong -monster designed by jj's regular make up Neville Page (star trek, cloverfield, avatar, watchmen...) -music composed by Michael Giacchino (alias, lost, fringe, cars, The Incredibles...) channeling Spielberg's music buddy JOHN WILLIAMS - Am I watching E.T No I'm Watching Goonies....AHHHHHHH -awesome feeling like I was watching E.T/Goonies for the first time. so much love in this film -Congratulations JJ and Spelberg for reminding us why we all love the movies! -E.T. Extremely Terrific. - The best sci-fi thriller of the year -They just don't make them like this anymore. -met every expectation.
평점: 7	리뷰: A friend won two tickets to an advanced screening of this movie last night - so this review is done from the perspective of having watched it for free. :) There are a lot of great things about this movie: The special effects are excellent without being gratuitous. In other words, the special effects enhance the story as opposed to BEING the story. The child actors do a great job of having their own personalities and really portraying the fun that kids have at that age. It does a good job of not making the adults out to be idiots (as so many movies do with child actors) but at the same time the adults have their own weaknesses. I felt connected to all the characters internal struggles. There is a good amount of tension throughout the first half of the movie, including several scenes that make you "jump". There are also several scenes that made me laugh so despite the tension, it never felt heavy.The bad: The ending was disappointingly predictable. There were a couple moments of, "There is no way a middle school kid would do that."In the end, I was glad to watch the movie but I don't think I'll be seeing it again. If you're looking for a good popcorn movie with a decent story, this is it. If you're hoping to see a movie that will leave you thinking about it for days, I would look elsewhere.
평점: 7	리뷰: The concept was interesting but the surrounding story is borderline inept. There's something missing from the heart of Super 8 for which no amount of quality cinematography, editing, and acting can substitute. I'm not saying the acting was good. What I'm saying is that Super 8 is an insanely uninteresting and almost unlikable film. Devoid of any thriller resonance, the movie treats intrigue the way porn movies treat sex, as a subject to be exploited. The script matches mass childish mystery with awful dialogue and lame performances, using a thin plot as an excuse to try and keep the audience. Unless your IQ matches your show size, there was really nothing of intrigue. I can't tell you how disappointing I am in this movie.I wanted to be scared but just wasn't. I wanted to like this movie and buy in to the ride but I just didn't. Huge let down.
평점: 8	리뷰: Super 8 appears to be J.J. Abrams' way of paying his respects to Steven Spielberg. I was steadily reminded of E.T. and Close Encounters of the Third Kind throughout this film. The community kids are the first to discover the strange things happening around town, are almost always the only witnesses to important events, and repeatedly run into the adults who just don't understand.An article in this week's New York Times magazine describes how a young J.J. Abrams got a job repairing and editing Steven Spielberg's old Super 8 films. That is a great memory to start your new screenplay with. Five pre-teen kids in an out of the way, small Ohio town are making a zombie movie on a Super 8. The boss kid is the director and persistently updating screenwriter. There is also the nervous lead actor, the kid obsessed with explosives who plays the zombie, and our film's main character, the make-up artist who is also adept at model trains and airplanes. While sneaking out at night to work on their movie with a newly recruited girl in their mix, the kids witness a train derailment and so begins the mystery.I will reveal nothing about the train, what was on it, and what happens after that. Would you have wanted the answer to everything about E.T. and Close Encounters of the Third Kind before seeing them? No way. Just know that this is not a movie just for the kids. There are genuinely suspenseful moments, a lot of pre-teen cursing, drug use, some quality horror gore, and an overall tight story. It is very refreshing to see a summer movie which is not a franchise continuing sequel or about a new superhero. These kids are real and there small town adventure mystery is well worth it.
평점: 7	리뷰: The nostalgic trailer of Super 8 Directed by J. J. Abrams is reminiscent of E.T. and Cloverfield. The movie is a cocktail of sci-fi, comedy, family, romance, friendship, teenage growth, monsters and zombies. If you expect to watch a monster movie, you may be thrilled by the second half but disappointed by the first half as it slightly drags. If you intend to watch a family drama, it may not be a great success as the relationships between the fathers and their kids can be further developed.What surprises me most is that the children are perfectly cast. Joel Courtney is adorable and Elle Fanning, with her nuanced facial expressions, brings the audience one of the most engaging moments when her character acts as a detective's wife in a train station. While the two leads have a great chemistry, their friends are hilarious. It is also amusing to look at the adult world through the children's eyes. For instance, the kids act as a soldier, a zombie, a boss, etc. There is a thought provoking scene in which a boy's leg is injured because of a bomb explosion while the kids are still in costume and make-up. When the "war" becomes real, the kids are forced to grow up hastily. Indeed, Super 8 can be viewed as a coming-of-age comedy.The movie emphasizes the importance of letting go. Make sure you stick around during the closing credits. This is probably the BEST part of the movie.
평점: 7	리뷰: I saw this film at a screening tonight, and I must say it's the most disjointed film I've seen so far this year.First off, I have no complaints about the actors. In fact, the actors kind of reminded me of what Goonies could possibly look like in the 21st century. Okay, the actors are fine. So far, so good.The movie goes off the rails midway through it; precisely when the alien storyline comes to the fore. While this particular storyline isn't that bad initially, it wears out its welcome in a hurry, especially when it all comes together. I don't think I'm spoiling much by saying that there isn't much to it.Quite frankly, I think that Abrams' love of Spielberg's previous films has prevented him from actually making this his own film. It could also be because Spielberg produced the film, meaning it would require his stamp of approval in order for the movie to be released. A shame really, because if Abrams did it his way, he would have made a better movie than 'Cloverfield'.Don't expect to have the same wonderment that you get from Spielberg films, however. You can tell those moments were merely tacked-on to fit the 'Spielberg' mould. Anyone who's seen the early 80's Spielberg movies knows what I'm talking about.So, with all that being said, what are we left with? The closest analogy would be a chocolate bar with layered and soft caramel on the outside, but a rough, hard to chew toffee middle. As good as the caramel is, the toffee sure makes it hard to swallow.Wait for it on Netflix or your local video store. You'll thank me later.
평점: 1	리뷰: Something strange is happening in a small town after a train derails . What was supposed to be a nostalgic look at the lives of a few middle schoolers in 1979 turns out to be the biggest movie non event of the year. Something is not right in this movie that fails for three reasons. First, it is entirely too much like the old "Twilight Zone" and "Outer Limits" TV shows. Secondly, the predictability factor manifests itself from the beginning. You know exactly what is going to happen before it even does. You just sit there and viola! It happens. Third is the "Lets use every cliché from every sci-fi movie ever made" factor.Self explanatory. The no name cast doesn't have one character you even care about. They look too clean, too polished,and too plastic just like animatronics at a Disney World attraction.And yes, they all have what I like to call the "Spielberg Look"- you know, that dazed, glazed facial expression that was so prominent in "ET". If this turkey bears a resemblance to "Close Encounters", "War of the Worlds", "ET", "Cloverfield", and "The Goonies", thats the idea. There isn't an original idea anywhere in this mess. Its as if director Abrams was told to make a homage to early Spielberg films by Spielberg himself, and thats exactly what he did. Film does have its moments, but they are few and very far between. Film tries to be nostalgic, but 70s nostalgia? A great decade! Disco, Jimmy Carter, the looming Iran hostage crisis, inflation, oil crisses, unemployment, polyester, etc, etc. Kinda of sounds like today, doesn't it? I can go on and on but, dear reader, I think you get the point. This film has the cheesiest ending since "Indiana Jones and Kingdom of the Crystal Skull",and the schmaltz in the last two minutes or so seems to have been applied with a trowel.As is, just alright for eight year old kids or undemanding viewers. However, adults who are looking for something with some brains and intelligence should go to another multiplex. However, you gotta admit that Spielberg is pretty smart. He just bought himself a 300 foot long yacht that cost over 200 million dollars.Mediocrity is its own reward,but to call this film mediocre is to praise it to high heaven. This film represents everything that is wrong with today's filmmaking and movies. Save your 11 bucks and the trip to the multiplex. It will be available on DVD before the summers over.Mark my words, you'll see. PS- "Super 8" refers to a type of 8mm film that was used for making home movies in the pre digital film age.

영화제목: Prometheus
평점: 10	리뷰: I caught one of the earliest press screenings of Prometheus, which was a grand experience, as I am a complete and utter sci-fi nut. Prometheus was one of my two most anticipated movies of the year (the other being The Avengers), and there is not much doubt that it will go down as one of the, if not the, best science fiction movie of 2012.Prometheus is a bona-fide and direct prequel to the original 1979 Alien movie, giving us a portion of the story behind the space jockey; the alien pilot of the derelict spaceship that contained the alien eggs.Are the classic Giger aliens actually in this movie? No, but their precursors are. The aliens, after all, have always been evolving, taking on new shapes almost every time they incubate in a new host.Effectswise, action-wise, technically, visually and in terms of sense-of- wonder, this is exactly the movie we all hoped it would be. The whole set-up for the Weyland company is perfect and serves the first two original Alien movies (the good ones) extremely well. I would love to mention more, but it would be spoiling.The movie does have imperfections, though. Some salient points of the plot are never revealed (but left for a sequel, which, again, I hope gets made, as it will make a big difference as to how much sense this movie ends up making), and the motivation of the robot also remains enigmatic. The part I found most disappointing, however, is that there isn't much depth to the characters. The onslaught of the action doesn't leave them the necessary time to become properly human to us, and their various beliefs are not at all described in sufficient detail - although we do hear a bit about Shaw (Rapace's character). Besides her, and David, Idris Elba's captain is the best character; he is human, he has failings (yes, I count smoking as a failing!), he's a charmer, he can think and he understands sacrifice. Most of the other significant characters are scientists (finally, a sci-fi movie with more than one of those!), but, sadly they don't act like it. One is depressed and drinking for no good reason, one is just obnoxious, and one is apparently not interested in his own field of science. But, of course, they are all punished for their bad attitudes - which is something, I guess.But, I am hoping that various extra bits and bops on the disc release will rectify many of these little shortcomings, because, as it is in the movie's theatrical release, none of the characters live up to those of the first two Alien movies.It's still a great and brilliant movie, though, and one I know I will be going back to the cinema for, and get on Blu-ray as soon as it comes out, and rewatch many times. Most definitely a classic of the genre.(EDIT: The Blu-ray is out, and it has lots of extras, including some that make the salient points of the story more clear. I am very satisfied!)(EDIT II: Half a decade on, I think this movie holds up as one of the most distinctive and thought-provoking science fiction movies of the 2010s. It has so many beautifully filmed scenes, and so many amazing and mysterious ideas that I have upped my rating of it from 9 to 10 stars.)10 stars out of 10.
평점: 10	리뷰: OK, right now I don't have clear words to describe the experience of Prometheus. But I know the truth about the experience. Prometheus is the best movie I have seen since many years. It's intelligent, no... clever and enjoyable all along. Terribly scary too. The casting is great, the story is incredible, almost biblical. In fact,Prometheus is a gift from an old director to a new generation of audience who don't know what real great cinema is. The lesson is hard but life changing. You need to see Prometheus, because it's the idea you have about movies and almost never find in it. And once you have find it, you will never want again all the junk studios give you since forever.
평점: 9	리뷰: Just watched it in an Avant-Premiere. Great Scott, well done! For all the comparisons to Alien, Ridley was right when he said it's not the same type of story. I don't think it'll be as iconic as Alien and Aliens 30 years from now, but this movie got me thinking harder than those. The camera work was awesome, the story seemingly had a few holes in it, but since it's dealing with very mysterious subjects, who's to say if they're really holes or just something the movie didn't get around to showing us, since it packs a lot into two hours. The acting and one-liners aren't as memorable as Aliens. Regardless, it's the first time this year that I walked out of the cinema feeling like the movie was worth every penny I paid for the ticket and more.Lastly, I know Hollywood probably can't resist the money to be made in a part 2, but I really hope they do...
평점: 8	리뷰: Having attended one of the first showings of Alien in 1979 in Los Angeles, it was with much anticipation that over 30 years later I was able to see a special early showing of Prometheus in 3D in Geneva, Switzerland.If you are a sci-fi fan, you'll love it. In sum, it's a great prequel and beautifully shot. It slots into the original Alien in a way I would have never imagined and ends with the possibility of a new spin-off to the Alien series (who makes only a minor appearance here). The opening shots of Ridley Scott's ideas of how genesis took place on earth are beautiful if not poetic. And throughout the film, you can only gasp 'wow' at the fantastic big scale special effects and nature shots. Once the film arrives on the planet and they start to explore the ruins where our 'makers' potentially come from, it pretty much keeps you on the edge of your seat (and off for a few 'jolt' scenes) for the rest of the film. The normal slimy creatures do their effect well and the standard expendable cast members meet their demise in a sufficiently nasty way. The mostly UK cast does a pretty good job but you don't seem to really connect with the characters (except oddly the robot, Michael Fassbender, who does a fine Peter O'Toole in Lawrence of Arabia type persona). At times, you feel that parts of the film have been cut out as characters make odd transitions (like Logan Marshall-Green suddenly hitting the bottle) and new characters appear out of nowhere (ah, they were on the ship too?). Charlize Theron looks good but posed and you never really warm to her. One has a sense that the film could have been another one half to an hour longer and perhaps they'll be a longer 'Directors Cut' that will help in some of the transitions and those who want to feast more on the wonderful special effects.A nerve wracking but great 2 hours and worth every penny for entertainment value.
평점: 8	리뷰: Ridley Scott's Alien is my all time favorite movie so I've been anticipating Prometheus ever since the prequel was announced. Since I couldn't resist the wait, I saw it early this morning the day of its official release in my country.First of all, the trailers showed it, the cinematography is fantastic. Ridley Scott nailed that aspect like a genuine master. The entire movie is basically a succession of grandiose shots which surely will have other directors blush in shame. The cinematography is accompanied by great sets and fantastic special effects for which Prometheus should receive a bunch a nominations.The acting is flawless, except perhaps for a few minor characters. Special praise goes to Noomi Rapace, Michael Fassbender and Charlize Theron whose characters are also extremely well written and convincing. Noomi especially deserves applause for her flawless acting. There are a good number of scenes where her character is understandably very disturbed and terrified, and Noomi's acting is so genuine I wanted to scream out "just throw her a damn Oscar already!". One refreshing aspect of her character is that, contrary to what one might expect, she's not like Ripley from Alien. Ripley was from the start a pretty strong woman, close to a tomboy. Noomi's character, Elizabeth Shaw, is much more impulsive, insecure and feminine. She grows stronger as her situation becomes desperate, but she remains endearing and delicate enough that the extremely shocking things she must endure are genuinely heartbreaking.The plot for Prometheus is where I have more reservations. The attempt at making some characters seem like scientists, including Noomi's character, made me cringe at times. It's typical Hollywood scientists, by that I mean not very believable. How a teenager would imagine science-speak to be like. The build up for the climax was somewhat disappointing in comparison to the first two Alien films, and to me lacked a distinct atmosphere so essential for a horror film. The action and horror scenes were genuinely good and exciting, sometimes shocking, however I wasn't scared any time, but perhaps I've just grown insensitized to horror by now. I'll also add that if you thought the classic Alien life cycle (queen lays egg, which hatches facehugger, which plants embryo in host, which grows into a xenomorph) was a stretch, wait till you see what Prometheus has to offer, which I find makes little sense and I'll probably be wondering more about that than anything else. Obviously, the creatures in Prometheus are some forms of ancestral or primitive types which may evolve into what we know from the Alien franchise. Regardless, Prometheus offers some very pleasing surprises throughout, and it's great to discover this universe which will surely become a franchise. Ridley Scott wished it, and the end of the movie shamelessly confirms it, to the point that one could expect a "To be continued..." before the credits. Also many questions remain painfully unanswered, which is somewhat cheap.Anyway, Prometheus remains an impressive watch and paves the way to what could be a grand new mythology. It doesn't match the first two Alien films in quality, and one shouldn't expect it to or he will be sorely disappointed. I will probably go see Prometheus again, because the first time was somewhat overwhelming. I wouldn't be surprised if Prometheus is the kind of film which gets better after a few viewings. I'll add that the ending of Prometheus announces an epic sequel, probably much better, so I'm pretty hopeful for one to happen.
평점: 5	리뷰: OK, that's perhaps a little unfair. But relatively accurate when you compare Scott's original hard nosed masterpiece to this Saturday afternoon pseudo intellectual space bonanza. It talks about man's origins and the afterlife but only manages to give us bad tempered marble men and scary squids.Fassbender's solitary scenes at the beginning are by far the film's best as his android character tends to the upkeep of the ship while the rest of the crew are in cryogenic suspension. He watches films and bleaches his hair. He perfects cycling while playing basketball and reads the dreams of his crew members. His performance (more than the writing of him) is the single redeeming element of an otherwise mediocre production.The rest of the cast are given little to do with Theron, Katie Dickie et al woefully underused. Swedish born Rapace (original Dragon Tattoo trilogy) proves once again she's got the goods but her on-screen love interest, the blandly handsome Logan Marshall Green, is totally outclassed by her and they have zero chemistry.It has some moments of decent tension and gross out horror, but where these things in the original Alien were tempered by silence and sparse naturalistic dialogue. Here the dialogue is occasionally daft, often used to smooth over poor plotting and pacing is not nearly so well judged. The result is a film that neither fully convinces as horror nor fulfills it's promise as a return to 'proper' sci-fi. For all the fanfare about this being Scott's return to the genre this more carries the signature of those who made the recent Star Trek movie and the series Lost. While no meagre qualifications, they seem odd choices for an Alien prequel and the film only confirms it.For all the visual bells and whistles, Sir Ridley has taken his own cinematic gold and sadly spun straw. Unlike Lucas, he can be forgiven for this middling attempt at a prequel but if this is a sign of things to come he'd do well to leave Blade Runner sequel-less.
평점: 5	리뷰: This movie tries to tell a bigger story than Alien. You can say that Alien is just a small action spin off. The movie raises big questions about existence and where we come from. So on paper it sounds good but ultimately I didn't like the movie. It just left me cold. I think it was poorly executed and I didn't care about any of the characters and there wasn't much character development.This shows that just having a great idea/story doesn't make a great movie. You have to create interesting characters that make you care about them. So for me the movie ultimately fails even if it has an interesting idea.The only interesting part for me was David's motivations for his actions (played by Michael Fassbender).
평점: 1	리뷰: Alright, I love Ridley Scott, I LOVE 'Alien' and 'Aliens', I love HR Giger and so on. So the announcement of PROMETHEUS got me more than excited.I went to see it yesterday and I was very disappointed...Visual/Sound effects and sets were all pretty spectacular as one could have expected. It kind of had a cool vibe in the beginning, but it all went downhill pretty fast.Characters aren't likable or interesting except David, played by M. Fassbender, who did a great job. Noomi Rapace was alright too I guess but all the characters where so darn shallow, it's hard to feel connected to them.This movie brings (pretty much) nothing new to the table, which is a shame. Recycling all classic ideas from previous Alien films which makes it extremely predictable. Everything feels rushed, especially after the first 60 minutes.I guess many people will enjoy this, but I was hoping for so much more.
평점: 10	리뷰: Prometheus is THE summer blockbuster that everyone should be flocking to see in the next week. This film holds such an original idea and marvellous visuals (3D is amazing) that you would be an absolute FOOL not to watch this in the cinema. Even the darker scenes are beautiful in 3D(compared to the horrible 3D in Avengers) This film should not just be watched by sci-fi fans, but also the typical moviegoer, as it provides on of the best 3D visuals I have ever seen, rivalling Avatar. Performances are Oscar worthy, especially the fresh take of an android by Michael Fassbender. He portrays a sense of humour that would have typically not have existed in this type of film. Although this movie was conceived by a scene in Alien, you do not need to watch that film to fully appreciate this film. This film caters for everyone, to the sci-fi nerds, the horror enthusiast, and the action fans out there. I can't stress enough how this film is for everyone.Im trying not to spoil this film for you, so all I will say is that this film is a must see, forget watching MIB3 or Dictator or any other film, this is the one of the best films of the decade. Its originality surpasses Avengers, its visuals goes 'pound for pound' against Avatar, and its performances by the cast rival The Dark Knight. Simply put: it is brutally beautiful.
평점: 6	리뷰: I saw the movie some 7 hours ago in 3D. Where to begin? The 3D seemed remarkably natural, not forced onto the picture, and that was a real delight. I went to a topnotch theater in Paris, yet ghosting was present all the time. It did distract me often, but I adapted to it. The film is well-done, extremely well-acted by most but the script is a major letdown, and so are, to a lesser degree the sets. i'll focus on the script. First, there is essentially nothing new in it, and the whole feels like pieces of Alien, Star Wars, Star Trek, you name it sewn together simply to earn some extra bucks. Second, and perhaps worse than the rest, the movie is based, not on an extrapolation of what we now know about the appearance of species, but on an assumption which essentially brings us back to pre-Darwin days. The film is thus not science-fiction, but obscurantism-fiction. The writers try to confront the issue head-on, but it does not help much. There are other liberties taken with current scientific knowledge, but I could live with them, were the basic assumption not so blatantly stupid. So, what are we left with? With a decent escapist movie, but certainly not with a masterpiece, by far. It's not even scary, there's only gore, not terror. Main culprit is the script, but who is more guilty, the guy who writes a bad script, or the director who directs it? I can understand Ridley's desire to revisit sci-fi and the alien franchise, but that was not the right way to do it. He had better left Alien stand alone as his seminal entry in the franchise.As you may know, there are talks of a sequel to this prequel, and the ending will only confirm these talks are probably well founded.
평점: 1	리뷰: I just saw Prometheus during the premier in Luxembourg. The theater was full of course, everybody was excited.After the film was finished, I could hear the people around me being a bit disappointed. The reason is obvious to me. The film is well done in nearly all aspects, but the major disappointment comes from the fact that it often is illogical. The whole crew behaves like beginners without any deeper sense for the situation. I understand that they need to get action going, and some people need to make mistakes so something can happen. But the whole crew is just stupid. The movie plays on a level of a 1980 carpenter vampire movie. Don't ask for logic, or why has this been done in the way it was. The movie is not as deep, as Scott announced it to be. Can't remember how he said it, but it was among the lines "It's everything about everything". No it is actually very comparable to an Alien movie. You can clearly see they dug up the same tension making scenes and face huggers scare jumps etc.. It's also a bit over the top, without real story telling reason (like Alien 3 or especially 4). I have to admit that you get to know more a about the universe than in the Alien movies. But that's just a side effect.The movie is good, if you expect something like Alien (easy entertainment without too much thinking). But if you go there because you want to know more about the universe etc (like promised), it is going to be a disappointment. This movie positions itself right in the middle of "Ghosts of Mars" and "Space Odyssey"
평점: 5	리뷰: ...beware. If you enjoyed "Alien" and "Aliens" and have very high expectations as I did, you will be disappointed. Not by the visuals, extremely good, and the acting, good IMO, but by the script. In a way, I feel I fell in a marketing trap.This film was marketed as an Alien film, in this way : "A separate story that precedes the story of Alien but is not directly connected to that franchise."Not directly connects ? The Weyland corp. is there. The ship the crew of the Nostromo finds in "Alien" is there. The "space jockey" is there. The usual robot passenger is there. And finally, the Alien monster is there. With the story of Prometheus, I don't see those elements interesting to use, besides an easy marketing.The script hadn't me asking questions about the story, but rather about its cohesion.One example - Weyland and his daughter come on the planet to get answers about humanity, and eventually find eternal life, and have created the robot (David) to work for them. Yet when Weyland dies and says "There was nothing", the robot says "I know".Another example, arrived on the planet, David seems to know what the Aliens are, and wants to bring one back on Earth. If in "Alien" the robot was on a secret mission for Weyland corp. to bring one back as a biological weapon, here it is the same, excepted that it obviously wouldn't be the Weyland corp behind it. Besides others humans sending David for this mission, it could be the "Engineers" themselves, or Aliens, or of course, even something else ? Which would for me make lame "explanations".Of course these plot "holes" are most likely "secrets" that will be answered in the next installment, because there will be one : it's unfortunately the law of marketing. Anyway, I won't be in the theater to hear them.
평점: 7	리뷰: Well I was just in the theater and watched Prometheus.As an avid Aliens fan, I know all the movies, and have read most of the books out there. But I also read the interview with Ridley Scott, saying that this was not an Alien movie. So I went in, not expecting any aliens, but a good story.And the story was good. It explained a lot of the story before the alien movie, and answered a lot of my questions.I don't know if Ridley Scott have read a lot of the aliens novels out there, but it seemed he had the same ideas as to what has been written about the "Space jockeys". I really liked that, intentional or not.Most of the characters, were unfortunately very shallow, lacking depth. Too many introduced, and no real focus on them. Pure stereo types of some sort.Fassbender did really well though as David, the android.The visuals were amazing, nice and crisp. Good looking and well worth watching in the theater. The 3D part though, while great looking, was too few and far between to be really necessary to watch in 3D.Again, as an avid Aliens fan, I will only rate this a solid 7. Where the original Alien is a 9 and Aliens is 10 in pure awesomeness.But unless you are an alien or sci-fi fan, i would not recommend it for ordinary watching. It will leave you with too many questions, and too many things not understood.Especially as some of the characters, are seen in more detail on the internet commercials and TED talks. If you haven't watched them, you will not get their points and meaning.
평점: 6	리뷰: Well, Im one of those that has the opinion that the original Alien was far the best (having watched a lot of those debates were people were arguing about Alien vs Aliens). I loved the atmosphere, characters and the tense that built up throughout the movie. It was really really superb. After having watched Prometheus I became some kind of frustrated, how can something that is made so beautiful leave you with so little thrill? Yes Prometheus is incredibly beautiful, Im really amazed on that part. But sadly, that was the only thing that amazed me in a positive way. The characters in this movie are completely non-interesting, David with a few exceptions now and then. And even then David joins the rest of the crew on the train that in my world is called "non realistic characters". Sadly Prometheus are filled with characters that you get to know so little about that you don't care for them at all. The actions of the characters often makes very little sense. In that way I didn't find them believing. Thats one big minus for the movie in my opinion. Another thing I didn't find in the movie, was some tense scenes that could put me to the edge of my seat. I hate to admit it, but even Alien Resurrection had that. But that was also a thing Prometheus did not deliver.So watch this movie for the art of the cinematography. Sir Ridley Scott has stated that Prometheus is not an Alien movie. He's right about that, it's not!
평점: 6	리뷰: Just saw the movie in Geneva. A real disaster. I expected something that would surpass the other Alien movies specifically Scott's first masterpiece. Story is incoherent with dropouts that would be answered in a sequel. Photography and special effects are good but 3d is a failure as most of the movie is in 3 colors gray white and black. There are many clichés borrowed from the other alien movies to make the viewer more comfortable. But getting lost in the story from the first scene, reason for the creation of humanity and science versus religion theme, till the last,is inevitable.I got the feeling that its write as you shoot movie. Acting is good; Charlize Theron and Michael Fassbender did a great job. They could save the day.
평점: 1	리뷰: There is not a review bad enough to prevent someone from seeing a Ridley Scott film, nor should there be, because one does have to see with his own eyes to believe just how bad this one is.The major flaw is undoubtedly the story itself, or the lack thereof. The absence of structure leaves the impression that no choices were made, not only in the writing phase, but in the editing room as well. While certain scenes seem redundant, some unconvincing, there are those that are downright ridiculous. There is no suspense, save for a few weak attempts to hide the obvious. The sense of gradual progress is missing and any interest that may have been sparked by the opening sequence swiftly wears off. The lack of character development does not help either. One-dimensional characters do not provoke any emotion. Even the protagonists do not stand out, despite the attempt to bring back, or rather chronologically speaking, pave way for Sgt. Ripley in Dr. Shaw.Dialogues are weak. Even the most benevolent audience could not but laugh at lines that were not meant to be funny. And this was as a benevolent an audience as it gets, given the fact that everyone had waited for months for this film to come out and cued for at least two hours to buy a ticket.The film was promoted as the latest achievement of the director of Alien and Gladiator. The Kingdom of Heaven was conveniently forgotten and this film would share the same fate on the posters promoting the director's future efforts if it were only up to the artistic criteria. However, box-office will most likely determine whether a new franchise will be made based on the open ending.Had it been someone else's film it would have deserved four stars, owing to the strong, good and solid points mentioned in the title, however, as it heavily milked the allure of the Alien mythology and the director's reputation, one star is all it gets.
평점: 4	리뷰: OK this is a lame title for a review, but prometheus kind of deserves a lame intro. The move opens up very promising, with epic landscapes and a beautifully done intro and epilogue. Then there's a scene where we see David doing his every day chores and keeping himself busy while the rest of the crew is still in cryo-sleep. This scene is utterly genius and should'v really set the tone for the rest of the movie, but all what comes after is really disappointing. the films builds up quite nice, but until half of the movie it slips away in to unnecessary dialogs. probably to cover up the major plot holes. I was sitting in the theater just asking myself: why are they doing that? Why is this character stereotype in the movie? How did they find this place so fast? Why in the hell do they have a switchboard that turns on holograms about what happened last time and who put them there? What is up with the zombie??? and so on.If all these questions were compensated with raw action, or tongue in cheek humor, i could have just waved it away; But the film propagates itself as an intellectual, epic adventure about the beginning of mankind.For a guy who made brilliant films such as Alien, Bladerunner, Gladiator etc. You have to wonder, why is he satisfied with a lame sci fi movie that any other director could have made...and i hear he's planning a sequel to blade runner... Please, will somebody tell him he has to stop before he destroys his name as a brilliant director...
평점: 9	리뷰: Hi everybody,I went to see this movie with very high hopes, since i was very eager to see the prequel to my second favorite Sci-Fi franchise. My main hope was that this movie would re-ignite this awesome franchise which AVP (in my opinion) destroyed. Most things fulfilled my hopes, some minor ones did not... . The minor flaws iam talking about were mainly details that didn't made much sense, well... at least for people who've seen all the movies several times and know every detail there is to know about the Alien universe, otherwise these details would just pass the untrained eye without ever getting noticed.Some of the major "+ points" for this movie were, e.g: - The acting that was very convincing at times and made it very easy for you to empathize with the characters. - The photography and cinematography were exactly what you would expect from a Ridley Scott movie, with very huge scenery, a set and costumes with very high detail and beautiful shots with great camera angles. - Good story build-up, by which i mean that you won't get dropped into the action immediately, but that time has been made to tell the story properly and build up the suspense towards the climax of the movie. - Very good special effects, some of the better work since Avatar, definitely worth seeing in 3D since it's filmed in 3D and not converted. - And lastly, a good "scaring" factor that keeps you hooked to your seat, although "horror" might not be the correct way to describe it.Some of the flaws that i noticed in the details were mainly with the ship and its interior that you see in Alien (which ain't a spoiler, you can clearly see it in each trailer) and the life-cycle of the alien, because something about the cycle doesn't make sense to me, but you will notice it too when you go see the movie. Why does this bother me? because Ridley Scott made the first Alien movie himself, so i wonder why he overlooked those details.Overall this movie did meet most of my expectations and iam sure that a sequel or even a trilogy might become the result of the open ending in this movie. However, i don't know what there is left to tell since the ending pretty much refers to the beginning of the first Alien movie.
평점: 9	리뷰: this movie disappoints me somehow, i would forgive it if it is the prequel for the next one. the movie tries too hard to impress the viewers by creating various ETs and various ways of dying, but besides this, nothing!!!in order to create a monster and also eliminate a role, the robot (Michael) poisoned a scientist for no reason. as to the characters, why bother spending the money to include Charlize for this small and so unimportant role???(who finally died in a funny way)anyway, i would say it is so so for a blockbuster and sic-fi movie of the year.
평점: 4	리뷰: Unlike most people i had no high expectations for the film, i am not a great fan of the first Alien movie, lots of howlers and scenes that did not make sense. The same goes here, people do stupid things to move the plot along and there are at least two maybe three completely pointless plot devices that do not add to the story or characters. Basically what you get is a great deal of walking around enormous and impressive sets and scenery, the film is a treat to look at, although Scott does nothing with the 3D potential it could have been much better. The plot is very thin with not much going on, and as for any serious philosophical theme there is none. After the first hour or so, you just want the film to finish, as really very little happens, there is an action sequence triggered off by a really bad plot device where a character assumed dead returns and is let onto the ship, by a very stupid captain. there are quite a few scenes reminiscence of Alien but not as effective. all in all a pretty underwhelming experience. Good to look at and a good music score which is why i give it a six
평점: 7	리뷰: As an alien fan I had expected a little lore along with an action packed space horror! But all i got was a bunch of new questions! The first sceen was that showing how humans were created by mistake? What happened to the guy who got "kissed" by a baby alien in the "chamber with the big head?". Why the hell did the other guy become a zombie? Why was the android so completely reckless? Why did Noomi Rapasche put on such a fake accent and what was her purpose of going to the "old-alien planet" with a ship full of aliens? What will happen to the alien stuck on the planet they were at? Was it a warning, an omen or an invitation to go to that planet?Overall the movie gets a seven because I was well entertained and it was beautifully done!
평점: 4	리뷰: The stunning visuals that open this film and the success of the 3D gave me hope this was going to be a great film. Until about half way through I had that hope, it was building, there was a chance it would be good. However, it completely failed to deliver on every front. The characters (other than Michael Fassbender's excellent performance) were limited, cliché's that have been seen time and time before. I simply felt no sympathy for them at any point. The plot was basically non-existent and there was no tension to resolve. To say this film is a massive let down on the build up would be an understatement.Great cinematography and effects but the rest was just pulp for the brain with none of the intriguing dynamics of early Scott sci-fi.
평점: 7	리뷰: Prometheus was always going to be a double-edged sword: on the one hand, you have Ridley Scott returning to the genre (and the franchise) that made his name, and pre-release info - be it trailers or the riveting viral videos hinting at important plot elements - suggested it would be a most welcome return; on the other, the Alien franchise has had a rather difficult life for the best part of two decades, due mainly to the disappointing Alien: Resurrection, which, ironically, killed the official series, and the mediocre Alien vs. Predator films, which tarnished the brand's legacy in much worse ways. In other words, this prequel (which isn't really a prequel) has a tough job to pull off.After a spellbinding prologue, we find ourselves in the year 2093, on the scientific exploration spacecraft Prometheus. The ship is headed to a planetoid called LV-233, based on findings by archaeologists Elizabeth Shaw (Noomi Rapace) and Charlie Holloway (Logan Marshall-Green), who believe the human race was created by an alien species they refer to as Engineers (i.e. the creature Alien fans call the Space Jockey). With funding provided by the presumed dead Peter Weyland (Guy Pearce), the expedition's goal is to find evidence of the existence of the Engineers. However, problems arise on two fronts: given the Weyland Corporation's involvement, company representative Meredith Vickers (Charlize Theron) and android David (Michael Fassbender) may have a hidden agenda; and the Engineers might not be as peaceful as expected.Originally conceived as a straightforward prequel to Alien, the script of Prometheus was subsequently reworked into a standalone effort that remains set in the same universe. This is the film's smartest idea, as it ditches the usual prequel shortcomings (namely knowing exactly how it's going to end) and establishes its own identity, whilst retaining references to the larger franchise, and Scott's original contribution in particular. It is also, however, the movie's biggest flaw, in that the screenplay, credited to both Jon Spaihts (who wrote the first, more prequel-like draft) and Damon Lindelof (who revised the story and mythology), is an uneven affair. The general plot structure is solid, but occasional snippets of dialogue are cringe-worthy, one scene in particular is dramatically pointless and some characters are underdeveloped. Forgivable in a run-of-the-mill monster movie, perhaps, but less so in a film that downplays the horror angle - the tag-line "In space, no one can hear you scream" would feel out of place this time around - in favor of bigger ideas and themes.This isn't to say, though, that smarts and scares can't coexist. In fact, Scott, ever the talented visionary, constructs imagery that is both breathtakingly beautiful (the aforementioned prologue, which is among the finest sequences in the director's career) and quite shocking, notably a much talked-about surgery sequence that is every bit as intense (and somewhat disgusting) as one would expect from the original Alien man. Prometheus may look more polished than its predecessors, but that doesn't reduce the film's stark visual impact, which is a suitable complement to the deeper themes at play, combining leftover ideas from the established franchise (the deleterious role of corporations) with a new, bold look at the essence of human nature.Which leads to the movie's greatest achievement: the character of David. A mixture of Pinocchio and Roy Batty, childishly curious and inhumanly lethal at the same time he's a gratifyingly complex and intriguing creation, played to unsettling perfection by Fassbender, who is the standout in the cast. The other performances are a bit hit-and-miss (due to the writing), but equally deserving of mention are the most un-Ripley-like Rapace, the delightfully cold Theron and a remarkable Pearce, whose extended cameo requires him to play a man more than twice his age. In the end, though, the real star of the show is Scott, whose untarnished cinematic eye, enhanced by a clever use of 3D, ensures that the journey will be worthwhile. There are a few bumps (including a final scene that is little more than gratuitous fan-bait), but overall this is a decent rebirth for the Alien saga, laying the ground for what could be an interesting extension of the franchise.
평점: 3	리뷰: I'm really sorry, but this a major disappointment.No, I didn't expect miracles or something close to the original Alien. I've been following Scott for 30 years - and it's clear that he has been on the decline since Gladiator and Black Hawk Down.I liked a few of his later movies like A Good Year - but most have been rather flat and uninspired.One thing I've noticed, is that he's gotten increasingly complacent with his own "point of view" in terms of historical facts and how things work in reality. It's like he has a complete disregard for plausible motivations or factual information about how things work.Case in point - there's a scene in the movie where a certain character has to have an operation performed on her body - and it involves slicing directly through the skin and muscle-tissue of her abdomen. After the procedure, she's simply "stitched together" by metal clips in like 3 seconds - and with a bit of local anesthetic, she continues to move and jump about with some moaning. Ehm, you CAN'T have any kind of normal movement with your muscle tissue completely severed - and there was absolutely no healing involved. Just one of a series of ridiculous events.The plot is entirely juvenile and cliché stuff with "profound" questions like who created us. For some reason, the beings who created us also want to kill us - and it seems to involve incredibly elaborate genetic engineering that also happened to kill most of them in their remote "lab facility". They're CLEARLY much more powerful than we are - and they could just bomb the hell out of us, or do it in a thousand simpler ways. But no, they seem to want to utilize excessively elaborate and dangerous genetic modification or infestation - that they can't even control.They also like to record recent events with some kind of holographic recorder device that is unable to render clear images, only some cool ghostly images that I bet Scott loved to play with. But they're quite flexible in how they let you play recordings of their security procedure - so you can access their systems without effort.Characters are void of personality and growth, they're REALLY stupid - and they like to freak out for no reason, and they like to stay calm and playful when there IS a reason - like when encountering a nasty looking cobra-worm - an alien - for the first time in history.Among these faceless people - we have some willing to gleefully commit suicide by ramming an alien ship, because they like their captain, and they're required to do so because he "can't fly worth a damn" - despite him being the primary pilot hired by a billionaire to do nothing but fly the ship.We have a religious scientist who concludes that she's found our creators, based on: "It's what I choose to believe".Then we have the very same religious scientist look at an alien "head" they brought back - and she notices some strange growth on it. She then spends 2 seconds thinking and concludes that this is obviously some kind of "foreign cells" (impressive deduction, I must say) - and she decides to stimulate the cells with electricity - just to see what happens. No research - no caution - no nothing.We have people who decide to open the door to their ship, seemingly with no thought process, despite having just faced complete chaos by extremely hostile alien forces - because one of their crew mates seems to be lying in front of the door. This while other crew mates have just been taken over by some kind of alien infestation.Then we have the boyfriend of said religious scientist (a douche) who decides that the air in an alien environment is safe to breathe because his device tells him it is - and he immediately removes his helmet. A classic Hollywood scientist moment, and clearly there's no need to worry about biological contaminants in a place like that.This movie is FULL of this kind of utterly implausible behavior and random decisions.It has a couple of "for effect" gore scenes - but Scott manages to include ZERO tension along with them. As a result, they're mildly disgusting - but they have no lasting effect whatsoever.The "aliens" that are a part of this movie all look like plastic - because of overly smooth and pale skin. They look like Lovecraft creatures without a much-needed paint-job.We have a horribly predictable, pointless and wasted twist involving Guy Pearce and a certain other cast member. We have an android, well-acted by Fassbender, who seems to be fully random in his decisions and motivations. Few actions made sense in any context - not to me anyway.The music was overwrought and didn't fit with the mood of the film, and it seemed like one theme being repeated endlessly. A surprise, given Scott's usual flair for good music.I think Lindelof is a complete and total hack - who only got the job because he was the "yes-man" who could match Scott's ego. This is pretty obvious in interviews - where Lindelof always manages to publicly kiss Scott's behind.1 Star for Fassbender's performance. 1 Star for the amazingly detailed visuals. 1 Star for how the above combine to form the excellent beginning.Now, it's just a matter of leaning back - musing over a thousand different people coming up with a thousand different explanations - each being the "correct" interpretation of this deep and thought-provoking masterpiece.Going by the IMDb rating, I can do nothing but stay mesmerized by how efficient it is to rely on the "Emperor's New Clothes" effect and let hype do the rest. Stay real Scott, Lindelof and Hollywood.
평점: 7	리뷰: What can I add to all the other reviews here next to mine?I'll just sum the goods and bads:+Good use of the 3D, where the holograms and dust float in front and behind characters, coupled with a solid and beautiful design. the camera is steady, with a clean picture. +Outstanding performance from Fassbender who steals the movie. He got the little changing expressions that makes you believe. Theron and Rapace are interesting in their roles and sometime give good plays. +Sound and music transports you. +new approach for explaining the Alien and the origins (see below) +Ridley just re-appropriating his own product and-just transcend all the alien franchise's mythology by taking a new kind of opposite angle -A lot of characters lack depth. - I still question some of the Hollywood necessary influence in some part of practicality in some places (the volume inside the ship, uses of light inside the helmet, some texts, ideas) -a certain turning plot that is questionable and just lack the appropriate response. -Science level equals a 12 year old kid's knowledge.***Attention Spoilers!***This is my explanation for the evolution of the Alien:The black liquid is a weapon of mass destruction that destroys a subject (black marks, cells explodes) but can recreate afterward a new species depending on the host. This means that the Alien we are used to know (2 arms, 2 legs, etc)exists only because the black liquid has infected a Human DNA. If the black liquid infects a worm, the "alien" would be some kind of worm. If it infects some furry ball animal, the "alien" would be some hairy furry alien...?! ***End of Spoiler***
평점: 8	리뷰: When I first heard of this movie some six months ago, I was really excited. I'm not a die-hard fan of the Alien series, but I figured anything inspired by its universe directed by Ridley Scott has the potential of a masterpiece.In Alien, there was a lot of attention to aesthetics, and Prometheus takes this trend to a whole new level: from the first frames, the viewer embarks on a journey of dazzling visuals. 3D is used very well throughout the movie and enhances the viewing experience beautifully. The aesthetics are a major contributor to the mood of the film, but the soul of it lies in Ridley's masterful storytelling. From beginning to end, the film will have you on the edge of your seat as you sink deeper and deeper into the depths of the nightmare, with a couple of negligible dents in an otherwise perfectly paced picture. The cast all deliver a great performance, most notably Noomi Rapace and Michael Fassbender.Discussing the plot is especially difficult for this film, so I will have to be a bit brief and very vague. The plot is epic in scope, but suffers from a few inconsistencies, or loose ends. Fortunately, these are minor elements that don't divert the core storyline and don't take much away from the viewing experience, but they do leave you with a slight feeling that the movie was a bit under polished. I feel like Scott bit off a bit more than he could chew (the "all about everything" quote comes to mind), trying to mix too many elements together, but I still think that he did a good job pulling them together and making it work somehow. All in all, a very satisfying movie, just shy of being a masterpiece, but definitely worth the attention it is getting.
평점: 4	리뷰: Much like the series "Lost", Damon Lindelof started out with a great storyline but was unable to conclude. The idea was good, but the execution was poor! Again like "Lost" it left you with more questions than answers, and the ending doesn't exactly suggest they will be making a sequel, so you're left wandering what the whole movie was about. Visual effects wise the movie was excellent, and the actors did a great job, but their was a clear lack of depth in the characters. Over- hyped movie and like Star Wars episode 1 it leaves you feeling a little disappointed. I would recommend waiting for it to come out on DVD rather than go watch it in the cinema.
평점: 10	리뷰: This is the one that made me join IMDb just to caution other fans not to be downed by non fan cynicism. Do yourself a favor and avoid too much before knowledge. I saw it at a sneak peek on the 30th in Denmark and WOW. I had no problem following the story and using my imagination without getting it all on a silver platter. maybe being a lifelong fan i tend to make excuses but there is nothing too jarring in this new chapter. Nothing is perfect and to please all is impossible. with that in mind enjoy the brilliant 3D and a more than usual storytelling that actually made me think about the Weyland/Alien universe anew. Thank you Ridley Scott.
평점: 4	리뷰: ... do not go see Prometheus. The storyline is pretty much a joke, the character development is very shallow, the action sequences are highly predictable, and the list goes on. What we kept thinking all through the movie was: what was on Ridley Scott's mind when he agreed to do this? Is he really getting too old to make a Good Movie? I'm not much of a writer, but frankly: even I could have come up with a better script. Take Alien, mix it with any dumb action movie made in the past 10 years, throw in some faux Kubrick, served by good to great actors in bad roles and you get Prometheus. Thankfully we still have Alien, which remains one of the best movies ever made. Unfortunately, Prometheus is to Alien what a Happy Meal is to an exquisite dinner at a three star restaurant.
평점: 8	리뷰: I was very excited to finally see this movie that I've been following since the first announcement of it's production, almost 2 years ago. Being a big fan of Alien (Ridley Scott), Aliens (James Cameron) and the art/ decoration designs from HR. Giger, Prometheus gave me the nostalgic chills on some parts of the movie that made me feel like I was watching the original Alien film and that's a good thing. The bad thing for some BUT not for everyone, however, is that you'll leave the theater with a stomach full of unsolved questions (typical a Ridley Scott thing, remember Blade Runner) and a film that needed more like 180 minutes instead of 120. It feels in a way that it was made in a rush.The theme of the story, is an exciting one and surpasses almost any sci-fi flicks from Spielberg, George Lucas and other directors and writers. Not the regular war between humans and aliens... Searching after the origins of the human being. I think that's a great story to think about.Prometheus starts off with some beautiful camera footage of landscapes on earth and arrives to a scene that explains the beginning of the human being, how it all started, at least that's what I think the writers wanted to make us believe. But there are no further explanations that confirms if the viewer is either right or wrong and it's something that happens quite often over the whole experience. This can be enjoyable for some and less enjoyable for others.Some questions remain unanswered like,Why did David his "own" experiment or his own science on Holloway was he more intelligent then we think? Was it his experiment or had he received instructions from someone beyond Peter Weyland? Had David tears in his eyes at a certain point in the movie? Did he had emotions?What's the relation between Vickers and David? Vickers, robot or not? If she was a robot, is she really dead/ destroyed? At a certain point we saw the giants (as holograms) run for their lives, from what? What happened? The giants created life on earth but why were they at war with the humans? The alien that was removed out of Shaw's body, was it destroyed after wards or did it grow into the big octopus that kills the giant (where a new species of Alien comes out of its stomach) at the end of the movie? What the hell happened with Fifield? How come he turned into a monster with enormous powers? If Holloway wasn't killed by the flamethrower, would he've been turned into the same monster as Fifield?The biggest flaw of the movie is when Shaw gives an order to the captain (Janek) to destroy the giant's ship and where Janek decides to kill the rest of the crew with Prometheus in less than 30 seconds. "Oops, there goes the trillion dollars investment and 2 friends of mine."Another flaw, the story behind each character.What I liked, the whole setting, the environment, the atmosphere of the outer space and the planet, the death of space, HR Giger, the theme and main plan for the story. The climate of the planet, the storm, was very exciting and very original.Some things that made the film a little retarded and could've been hold behind, the flute that was used in the giant's ship and Janek's accordion were totally unnecessary. The soundtrack wasn't that great either. How come they got better high tech equipment than in Alien? Ridley Scott delivers a could've been classic film but I'm hungry for more and I really hope for more. And please Mr. Scott, take your time for the sequel! We need some information about lots of stuff!8,5/10
평점: 8	리뷰: As a big fan of the very first "Alien" movie, the third and fourth installment brought me nothing but disappointment, regardless of Sigourney Weaver's efforts to revive the one and only Ripley. "Prometheus", as it should be, is a prequel to everything I always wish I could further understand: the birth of the acid bleeding monster we so much love. It's a big production that leaves nothing to be desired, from the hands of our beloved Ridley Scott. If too soon to become a classic, it should not take long to belong in that category, making me believe that, if "Alien" was ever destined to be a trilogy, this is it. It doesn't really start with the first movie, but actually with this one. It's sleek, subtle and most of all, has the special touch of a great director who understands his craft and the passion for the story. It's great not only for the fans, but for everyone who fell in love with the franchise a long time ago. Now it's time to experience it all over again.
평점: 3	리뷰: Prometheus is the kind of movie where a few shallow characters change from persona to fit what one could pompously call the "plot". The typical bad case of going from aggressive hard ass to puny little girl (with pig tails) (or the other way around).It's the kind of movie where they try to scare you with a noise and something jumping somewhere ... but you expected it for a while (if you didn't fall asleep already, that is)It's the kind of movie where nothing surprise you except the sheer stupidity of the characters. You can almost see what goes into the writer's head : "okay, I want 'this' to happen, so this pawn and that pawn have to do that". And who cares about coherence ?It's the kind of movie where something physically impossible (random non-movie related example: a crippled boy that would make a 10 meter jump because else ... well ... the few previous scenes are making even less sense than they already are)It's the kind of movie I would I had never lost about two (very long) hours to.Actually : it's the kind of movie that didn't deserved to be filmed.Why 3 points then ? The renderings and effects are pretty nice.Another hint about its worth: the comment in the theater at the end were all in the range of "bad, stupid or ridiculous" in English, French and Dutch.You have been warned : avoid it.
평점: 6	리뷰: (31/05/2012, Antwerp)Yesterday evening had finally come. There I sat in the best seat of the theatre, the air teeming with the smell of hyped anticipation and slight nervosity. There was a healthy amount of Belgians and Dutch people present in Kinepolis Antwerp, but I wouldn't say the theatre was chock-full.With 3D glasses on (for the first time) I was in anticipation of awesomeness. The first thing I noticed, while watching a cool trailer for The Hobbit, was that I found the 3D absolutely awful. Luckily it wasn't bad at all during Prometheus, which did a very good job as far as the 3D goes. Anyways, I will not be watching movies in 3D again, as I still find it incredibly gimmicky.Okay, on to the real deal. Prometheus.You'd think a search for the origin of mankind would be full of danger, conflict, excitement, wonder and probably a little bit of terror as well. Prometheus shows us it's primarily quite boring.Even people who have never before written a novel or screenplay know the necessity of tension and release, of carefully paced out highs and lows, of a gradual build-up towards a climax. Prometheus proves us even well-paid professionals can be quite oblivious to these basic writing rules and that they can be happy about a story as flat as sweet Noomi's bosom, even though it looks stunning on the whole.I can only tremble at the foresight of the vast tidal waves of hate that will soon reach a certain screenwriter, but I won't add to that. I will however be very wary of any film that this person is involved with from now on, that's for certain. (In case you're still unsure who I'm talking about, it's NOT Jon Spaihts, as I know he is capable of great things.)However, even though it pains me to do so, there is someone else who I'd like to point my finger at in disappointment, someone who I know to be incredibly skilled: Sir Ridley Scott. Someone of his calibre should've recognized the weaknesses in the script and demanded they throw entire pages straight in the recycling bin. "A very interesting and fascinating take on things, boys, but please do rewrite most of act 2 and especially act 3. At once, if possible." That's what he should've said.Alas, he did not, which means he was pleased with the result. A very painful mistake, Sir Ridley.Just as troublesome is the fact he didn't deliver what he promised: "I'm looking to scare the living crap out of people." The etheric smell of rosemary and mint my boxer shorts are still spreading upon inspection (as always) is proof of the contrary. For an evening of intense terror I'd recommend watching another film (Alien would be a great place to start if you haven't seen it). Even the (minimal) work of H.R. Giger couldn't get me into the state of anxiety I longed for. By the way, it doesn't take long to realize the monster design in Prometheus did NOT spring from Giger's sinister brain, that's for certain.If Ridley truly lost it, then I'm afraid I'd rather not see a sequel to Blade Runner.Okay, all this would almost make me forget all the good things about Prometheus. The cinematography and special fx were absolutely breath-taking (we CAN thank Ridley for the former), the music was really fitting and well-placed during editing (even though it isn't particularly memorable), the acting by primarily Noomi Rapace (I still love you <3) and Michael Fassbender was excellent, and the set design was hot. Yes, hot.To conclude: + cinematography (also excellent 3D when compared to the trailers before the film) + effects + sound + acting (Rapace, Fassbender) + set design - script is ridiculously flat, very underwhelming "climax" (if you can call it that) - story tries to be deep, but it really isn't - most characters feel like nothing but cannon fodder, one-dimensional - little emotion - monster designOthers did kind of like the film however, so I recommend forming your own opinion. But be warned. I also want to point out I had high expectations, like most of us. But it pains me to tell you I was wrong. We were so wrong.6/10PS: Noomi, thanks for the mint and rosemary. <3 x
평점: 9	리뷰: Deep, tense and visually stunning.I've just seen this movie twice, two days in a row, and I enjoyed it as much the second time... Make yourself a favor and go watch it !I loved the "Alien" franchise movies, but be warned that this film is a totally different kind of animal : it's a much more ambitious story about mankind of the scope of "2001", but enhanced with DNA bits of "Alien" and "Blade Runner" to spice it and the blend works !The 3D is very well used, in fact it's the first time since "Avatar" that I find it worth it.some important questions stay unanswered at the end of the movie so I deeply hope there will be a sequel, overall this looks to be more like the entrance door to a new fascinating franchise rather than just the "Alien" prequel that the rumor mill announced.
평점: 10	리뷰: Both Dariusz Wolski and Arthur Max are underrated. Both masters of their craft, both outstanding visionaries and their talents collide here guided by great Ridley Scott. Visuals are always stunning and 3D is used as a powerful tool to underline the mesmerizing sets. The critics as often have no idea what this movie is really about. They keep blathering about lack of philosophy (what philosophy?). Make no mistakes, this is pure Alien franchise (read the header). I really don't get how can anyone, let alone movie critic can miss this. That is why Scott succeeds here, he reprises the perfect combination, which he has pioneered many years ago of Sci-Fi and Horror genre. What philosophy? The summer has just started, you movie critics. This movie is closer to ALIEN than ALIENS ever was. Ridley Scott's direction here should be taught in film-making text books. It starts off as an adventure, progresses into the thriller and ends up a hard-core gore monster horror, all the three inside the science fiction genre. Never it is an action movie, like ALIEN and unlike ALIENS. Never it is boring or outdated. Some scenes are if not revolutionary then unique in their technique of execution as well as their dramatic impact. During the birthgiving scene, I actually was dangerously close to fainting. Basically, if you prefer ALIENS over ALIEN, then I got nothing to say to you, but if you don't, then you are in for a ride you will never forget. What philosophy?
평점: 2	리뷰: I didn't do my research properly before watching this movie in the cinema. I saw the trailer and thought it looked promising. I did not know it was a sequel to the Alien movies, and had i known i probably wouldn't have seen it. (I don't think the trailer made that clear to anybody, unless they knew in advance)The story was boring(as i said, i'm not an Alien-fan), sound OK, effects not original, actors not really convincing and the "scary things" weren't scary...Maybe worth buying in three years when it's getting cheap on blue-ray/DVD...
평점: 4	리뷰: First let me say the visuals are absolutely splendid, but apart from that, there is not too much about it . The screenwriter is the guy who did Lost and it shows.Apparently in the end of the 22 century, expeditions in unknown ( and potentially dangerous ) places are done the same way than the 16th century ones.From the guy who removes its spacesuit in the underground place, to the 2 "scientists " who freak out and decide to go back on their own to the spaceship and of course, get lost and killed in the process, lets not talk about the android who just do whatever the hell he want ( why did he choose to poison the guy , i've got no idea ), what's up with the opening sequence and the "engineer" who decides to kill himself by ingesting that substance ??? What about the dead poisoned guy who comes back to life and attack crew members ? why ?Short version, its a complete mess.It does not make any sense at all and like in Lost , you leave the theater with a bad taste in your mouth.
평점: 5	리뷰: this film is beautifully shot, nice 3D. The plot line is okay, but the character writing is absolutely pathetic.At no point during any of the film did I feel any empathy for anyone in it. The decisions made by characters (will not spoil) are completely incomprehensible, and the last scene actually caused laughter in the cinema.Its alright, at best. But, considering the hype and expectations around the film, it is a disappointment.The atrocious use of the characters is terrible. Previous Ridley Scott films I've seen utilize characters far better than this film does.Sad, as I was looking forward to this, but nothing but disappointment and mediocrity.
평점: 9	리뷰: Just seen the first UK showing at midnight - I've come back really impressed!I tried to keep an open mind after a skimming through some average reviews, but I was sucked into the epic detail and scope with the first few minutes.The visual environment, atmosphere and technology is oozing with quality and the 3D is mostly top notch. This has to be one of the best looking films; certainly up there or above Avatar.A couple of slightly unnecessary characters aside, this is a perfect start to the world of the Alien, and gives a believably crafted story to all the questions that needed answering.It impressed me so much more than I expected and I would recommend this wholeheartedly to anyone who has enjoyed the Alien films.I need more of this and not the drivel I mostly get to see at the cinema!9/10
평점: 7	리뷰: Something tells me Ridley didn't intend for this film to turn out the way it has. It's a bit of a shambles, unfortunately Alien nostalgia isn't enough to save this films credentials. It could be forgiven if the film hadn't been built up the way it had. The human element was missing, the gut feeling which the audience connects too, the mystery of movies to make one feel was not present. Quite spectacular at times, a sort of the 'tree of life' meets Avatar, it certainly does not deserve another film and quite frankly Ridley would know this. Character connections are an issue, not only the connection between the actors own characters and the way they interact, but the connection with us. I'd suggest to see the film on 3D and at least get some kicks out of their hard work.Better luck next time.
평점: 3	리뷰: This film was one of my two must-see films this year, along with The Dark Knight Rises. But having just seen Prometheus I feel I should deploy an emergency beacon to warn other humanoids about this very average film.I have a lot of problems with this film, so I'll go through the negatives in a series of bullet points.Negatives: -The story-line didn't know where the hell it was going AT ALL. This was the gravest sin of all in the film. Within 5 minutes of leaving the screening I came up with a number of scenes and set-pieces that had NO PURPOSE in pushing along the plot. Such as Guy Pearce reawakening and death, the male Doctor 'virus' and burning. The ending with the humanoid alien was pretty annoying too. When you watch a film you want to at least feel like you've got a grasp of the issues. You don't want some alien to just randomly awake and start tearing off heads.-Character development and acting I didn't feel were that great either. Wassbender I liked (if a tad random), and Raspace but everyone else was pretty uninspired I'd say. Some of the decisions they made too didn't feel legitimate. They'd make leaps all over the place, 'What? Alien tears head off your buddies? They must obviously be going to wipe out mankind (and android said a riddle about this too). Let's go back and ram the ship into the alien ship.-Ending and conclusion were awful. Guy Pearce gets awoken to get killed. Why is he in it at all then? Head ripping was all very, very random. The 'fly to the aliens home planet' ending was terrible too.Positives -It did look nice.I am disappointed by it but it still deserves a watch.
평점: 9	리뷰: If you manage your expectations then you will be in for one of the best sci fi experiences in recent years with some killer visuals.I'm not what you call an Alien trilogy fan boy. In fact I'm not exactly even a fan. Couldn't tell you the last time I watched one of them. They've never hit home with me. From my point of view they are monster movies than anything else. If the originals were set in a research lab in the south pole it wouldn't have changed much.Prometheus is a sci-fi movie at its very core. It provokes the imagination. It will ask questions such as how where we made, why, by who, for what purpose?? The movie will take you on an enjoyable, thrilling and philosophical science fiction experience. Simply put Ridley nailed it. So much so he has simply set a new bench mark in movie experiences.The visuals of this movie are amazing. Proof if anything that when it comes to special effects and eye candy none do it better than Ridley Scott. In my opinion the best use of 3D to date. Couldn't fault the cast. Having said that its clear to me Fassbender turned in the best performance. I feel thats largely due to the uniqueness and quirks of his character vs the more straight up working professional crew. Either way he turned in the performance.Going forward I hope we see Ridley revisit the Prometheus story arc and treat us with some more outstanding science fiction cinema. If he doesn't then it would detract anything from what this film IS. My only fear is this film will draw criticism for what it ISN'T and the disappointment of the fan base for the more tried and tested formula of the Alien movies.I guess that goes both ways though. The original Alien movies weren't for me where as Prometheus was. I guess only time will tell but at the time of writing this review there is a ground swell of fans who's expectations of "an Alien" movie were not met. Happily my sci-fi journey with WOW visuals expectations were met.
평점: 10	리뷰: Just back from the midnight showing up in Leeds and i have to say, overall, im very pleased with Prometheus.I have never seen a more beautiful piece of modern film making, and i would say that the cinematography is even better than the likes of Lord of the Rings. I even found that the 3D is very effective in immersing you in the film, it is done just as well if not better than Avatar. The 3D especially helped with the lighting in the Juggernaut, the interior 3D shots are very good. Prometheus is no doubt a treat for the eyes. Having read many reviews by other members and critics my chief concern going into the film was a lack of characterisation in some of the characters, however i think this has been blown out of proportion. We learn about the characters who matter. Shaw and David are the two strongholds to the story, and their relationships with Holloway and Vickers respectively, are crucial to the story. Other characters such as Janek, Fifield and Milburn are all well rounded character who we come to like (Idris Elba is a f**king badass in this). While other characters such as Chance and Ravel are also given sufficient screen time for the audience to understand their bond and relationship, however I would have preferred a little more time with them because when they meet their fate you don't really give too much of a damn. The rest of the crew are just canon fodder and i wouldn't expect them to be fleshed out. What i will say, and i will come back to this, is that its quite obvious the film has been slimmed down, and i feel that the majority of the slimming has cut out quite a bit of character interaction. I found the score somewhat underwhelming, however it did keep the pace of the film and the tension was high enough to be able to feel it in the cinema so i guess it served its purpose on that level. I put my disappointed down to the fact that i watched Alien recently. Story wise, i thought it was very well rounded. It did ask a lot of questions and few were answered however it is obvious that Prometheus is a 'To Be Continued' film. I don't particularly have a problem with that because the film can stand alone, its just the last minutes are there as a set up for the sequel. This is not a bad thing in my book. Although not all the answer are given, Prometheus is a sturdy story, not spectacular but doesn't indulge itself too much and come off the rails. It never loses focus and drives steadily right up until the end. As i said before a sequel is necessary to wrap up the story, and thinking back Prometheus is almost definitely written as a two parter, which i find encouraging. This means that Ridley already knows the story to part two, this means we know at least the film has direction. The true negative i have about Prometheus is the editing, or more specifically the editing choices that were made. Throughout the film it felt like we were missing out on dialogue between characters and as though scenes were missing. I think the film would have benefited greatly from cutting the last 10 minutes or so off and spreading it around the rest of the film. I found that many of the death scenes were not long or gory enough. Now im not a fan of the whole 'Saw-gore' that is around these days, however , like most adults today it takes a lot to shock or scare me. I'm not saying the film wasn't scary but if felt that death scenes should have been longer, case in point Fifields death, it just didn't have the blow that it should have. Everyone was raving about this being an R-rated by the MPAA and 15 over here, this lead me to the question watching the film, was this film actually shot as an18? I call bullshit on Rothman saying it that not one shot was cut. It is obvious many shots were cut. There's no doubt the DVD will be an 18 certificate because watching the film i had the feeling like scenes had more to give. I believe that Prometheus was cut from being an 18 (NC17) to a 15 (R), and Fox thought this would please the fans. On an ending note, never have i enjoyed a single character as much as i did tonight. I genuinely looked forward to seeing David. Fassbender puts in a scene stealing performance, however its the character i fell in love with. David's child like behaviour and thirst for knowledge and endearing. The depth that was written into David is most impressive and I have to congratulate Spaihts and Lindelof on creating this character for us. I also very much enjoyed the look and presence of the engineers. They were both human and alien at the same time. Their symmetrical faces were unnerving and they have been created into genuinely disturbing characters. I think the film did well not to tell too much about them as a race a that removes the mystery and the terror behind them (Much like Aliens- Xeno + Queen = Bug). Prometheus, for me personally is a triumph. Whilst not perfect it shows Ridley Scott is one of the greatest visual directors to grace film, i just feel lucky im around to see what he creates.
평점: 7	리뷰: I was fortunate enough to grab seats to see Prometheus in IMAX 3D at the Metrocentre in Gateshead for the opening midnight screening last night.This is the first feature film I have seen in IMAX 3D, and I should start by saying that the 3D was actually a lot less obtrusive than in other recent releases films. It may not have added much to the experience, it didn't bother me either. From a technical aspect this is one of the best Sci-Fi films I have seen in a long time, with stunning visuals many of which were shot in stark, earthly landscapes such as Iceland and the Isle of Skye, but which both Ridley Scott and cinematographer Dariusz Wolski manage to make seem brilliantly ethereal and extraterrestrial. All other technical aspects of the film are wonderful.As far as the story, script and acting goes, most initial reviews that I have read seem incredibly divided, but I was largely impressed. I think Rapace and Fassbender were both highly commendable in their respective roles as the curious, eager scientist with a strong survival instinct and the mild-mannered, mysterious and yet unpredictable and slightly sinister android. Theron and Elba are satisfying in their roles as the icy corporate overseer and droll ship's captain, but the rest of the cast were largely forgettable as cannon fodder. While it certainly lacks the characterisation and naturalistic feel which Alien had, I believe the two films set out to achieve very different things and do them very well; Alien was a much more low-key, personal thriller which focused on character development to create tension, whereas Prometheus focuses on grandeur and spectacle to create awe and adventure. From a story point of view, there are a couple of moments which retrospectively don't make sense, but I found most of these easy to overlook at the time and they really don't bother me too much.I would also go so far as to say that Prometheus works better as a horror film than Alien did; Alien never repulsed me especially as I knew what was coming due to heavy exposure, but the horror in Prometheus, while strongly reminiscent of the subliminal themes of sex, fear of pregnancy and rape which were strongly implied in Alien (albeit shown in a more overt way in this film), was done in a fresh and surprisingly disturbing way which did repulse me, and I don't say that very often about horror films. I feel that the horror in Alien, while iconic, is not nearly as agonising as it is in Prometheus, as the characters suffer for a short period of time in Alien.Finally from a philosophical point of view, many have complained that Prometheus raises more questions than it does answer them. I think it, along with a little prior knowledge of the Alien franchise and what Scott originally intended it to be, allows the viewer to construct their own thoughts and conclusions whilst leaving a little open for debate and contemplation should another film be created. For instance, the question which keeps coming up is "why?". Well I have my own answers which I was able to make based on what I saw and what I already knew had been speculated about the origins of the Space Jokeys and the mythology of the Alien franchise in general. Furthermore, as a fan of the original Alien, I felt extremely satisfied by how they tied in a lot of the elements to the original film, and am willing to see how Scott chooses to expand on this story, as there are lot of ways it can be done.On the whole, not a film for everyone, and it will divide opinions, but I really liked it. Is it as groundbreaking as Bladerunner or Alien or any of the classic Sci-Fi epics? No, but I do think that it will be remembered as one of the best Sci-Fi films of its time, and easily as Scott's best film since Gladiator. I gave it 9/10 initially due to the sheer enormity and breathtaking beauty of the world which Scott created. Having had time to ponder some of the flaws, which are evident but did not bother me as much as in other films, I will give it 8/10 (maybe 8.5 if I'm feeling generous), but I would still highly recommend it and put it in the list of best films of 2012 (so far).
평점: 3	리뷰: Booooorrrrrinnnnggg! Just been to see it and my advice is don't bother. First 30mins, your thinking, hey this could have the legs! Then appears a little teaser of several stories that could lead somewhere that just fizzle out into nothing. The only thing I can compare it to is a long journey in a car with no destination. You will not care who lives or dies, you will not know what is going on and where this is leading you to. Its like a bad sat nav journey. Save yourself the money yet again and just stay in and watch the first movie for the chills, the second for the action and if you have a brain in your head, the third for its feeling. When will the studions plough some money into something original and worthwhile instead of whipping yet another franchise horse to death. This franchise died along while ago and this film makes you think they are whipping its long dead corpse...hopefully for the last time.
평점: 8	리뷰: Definitely lacks the claustrophobia of Alien and the acting and scriptwriting are not as tight. However, it must be remembered that comparing anything to the original Alien is setting a very high bar indeed.There is a plot, well plots, well probably too many plots and not all are drawn to a satisfactory conclusion. Being charitable there is a narrative arc that could be continued in sequels, or it could just be a bit sloppy in this regard, and fail to manage to quite stand alone. There are a few, 'no sane person in this situation would do that', moments, and a couple of characters who, from early in the film, are clearly only there as gore fodder. There is also a sub textual study of the risks of genetic experimentation, but that part is quite predictable. Oh! And do be sure to check-in at the cinema door, any scientific training or critical faculty you may possess ('t were ever thus!).The acting is a little patchy: at the good end Fassbender is truly excellent and basically does much of the heavy lifting through the film; Theron is suitably captivating and seriously intimidating; Rapace, to me is a bit weak, I expected a more assertive character that developed as the film progressed, as Weaver did with Ripley in Alien, but those high notes were sadly, slightly missed. Idris Elba does a nice job of playing the capable, if world-weary captain. Guy Pearce has a very small part, and doesn't get chance to build up momentum for his character. Logan Marshall-Greene does an okay job but his similarity to Tom Hardy made me think the latter would have been much better suited to this role. Other performances are passable, though not outstanding. It was good to see Benedict Wong give another good, though sadly small, performance. The sets and CGI are very good. I saw the 3D version with all of the problems that brings with it (low light levels, and some distraction caused by the 'view-master' effect). I'm intending to get back to see the 2D version soon. The use of 3D was not as gratuitous as it might have been in hands with lesser skill than Sir Ridley's but I think this film will be much better in 2D.So, does that sound negative? Well possibly BUT, compared with the other Alien sequels and spin-offs, with the possible exception of Alien3, (which I **really** like) this film is much better. The script is much less cheesy that Aliens. The plot(s) are more involving and gore scenes much less gratuitous that Resurrection and as for the AVP sub-franchise, well we don't even need to go there.So, in summary, it's an above average movie in its own right. It extends an interesting and challenging universe in an engaging, unsettling way; and I feel it did manage, to reboot the franchise. I think if you are an Alien fan, you should see it, if you enjoy suspense / horror / gore / action you'll have an enjoyable 124 minutes and if you like Ridly Scott direction and awesome scenes you will also find things to enjoy. However, as it attempts to complement one of the greatest films ever made, but only manages to stand closely by in the shadow, I am giving it a mildly disappointed 8 out of 10.
평점: 2	리뷰: So... Prometheus... Dear Mr. Scott, please don't mess with Blade Runner. I know you're a big time director and yes you've made two really great movies 30 years ago, so you can do whatever you want. But could you, Mr. Scott, please not do a Blade Runner follow-up. It's OK if you want to do a dystopian future noir movie, just don't include any references to the great future noir movie you did all those years ago. Let's face it, 2012 marks your 30th anniversary for not making a decent film. Sure Gladiator was a box office hit, but a good movie? Not, really. But let's not dive into that here, Mr. Scott. I'm asking you not to do to Blade Runner what you've just done to Alien. Where did you put your talent? Or did the producers just want to cash in on the Alien brand, and made you put in all that trifle, clichéd, predictable nonsense to distort the fragile plot. A plot that worked in the original because it was, well... Original. Oh, that's right, I just remembered, you were also the producer... Just thought you ought to know, Mr. Scott. But maybe my expectations were too high. After watching the promo videos I was all revved up for Shakespearean, space opera. But alas I was disappointed. It follows the simple plot of Alien: a monster and a single twist with a backstabbing android. So that is just recycling. It is the amount of clichéd fill and two dimensional characters, and a few plot holes/logical errors, that bugs me. And though the wrapping is nice. The present itself just feels too sterile, soul less and half hearted. So again, please don't touch the Blade Runner universe, Mr. Scott.
평점: 5	리뷰: Throughout the years I came to consider Alien and Blade Runner more as exceptions than as standard Ridley Scott masterpiece productions. Therefore, I did not have high expectations for Prometheus.Nevertheless, it was with some anticipation that I joined a crowded audience for the premiere of Prometheus in Brussels. I watched online the promotional "teasers" about "David" and about the fictional 2023 speech for TED, delivered by Guy Pierce (as Peter Weyland) and I was hoping for some new concepts to be developed.Turns out, those two teasers were – almost – the best part of the movie. I cannot but agree with most other reviews so far. Great photography and CGI, poor story.The movie opens with an enigmatic sequence about DNA merging, which is left unexplained. What follows is a rehash of the Alien plot. Namely: assorted crew sent for an undisclosed mission; mysterious android who might have a hidden agenda; spunky heroine; a hasty exploration leading to infiltration of alien material; dire events that cause the extinction of almost all the crew does that remind you of Alien or I am biased? Only this time there are no pets on board and I really miss the cat Jones.The distinctive qualities of Prometheus are few. The crew is supposed to explore the planet from which humankind originated, thanks to alien "Engineers". I guess this should be the great twist – looking for the creator rather then stumbling upon the destructor. Unfortunately the development and outcome are very similar to Alien, with zero depth attached to the philosophical quest.Frankly laughable, even at fictional level, the way the so-called scientists explore the alien artifacts and analyze the samples they collected. Indeed, some of the scenes cause unintentional amusement When the spaceship lands, even if the "scientists" are told there are only few hours of daylight left, they rush out like children to investigate the alien "building". Once inside, they touch everything around them, sticking their fingers everywhere. Two of them manage to get lost, even if they are carrying very sophisticated directional equipment...Worth mentioning a creepy scene of the Engineers escaping along dark corridors and the tri-dimensional space map (as mentioned, the visual part is terrific). Also the enigmatic android David. He is truly the star of the movie, and it is not a good sign when an android is the most interesting "character" of a movie. The Rapace character – "scientist" Elizabeth Shaw – is not so successful.If you saw Alien you might not be so impressed by Prometheus. Perhaps young audience will like it better, but what I start to find tiring in the Alien universe is that we still have no clue about how all this started or is going to end. And sometimes closure is really needed.
평점: 2	리뷰: I've been for 30 years a big fan of M. Ridley Scott and of his movies. For this reason I was waiting this movie confident that it will be at least "very good". But I was wrong! Despite the quality of actors, imaging, effects and so on, the movie is very poor, without any new idea or originality, without the talent of such a great director, without what Mr Ridley Scott usually did in all his previous movies. I think that the target of this movie is purely making money taking advantage of important and well known people, starting from the director name: this is really deceiving people that have appreciated them for their genius and professionalism. An Italian disappointed RS-fan.
평점: 4	리뷰: Watched the midnight showing last night. Slept on it.  Realised that the beginning scene is one of the space jockeys on pre life Earth.  No explanation as to why he drinks a canister of the stuff though.  Perhaps decides he's had enough.  His and the alien manufactured bio weapon DNA goes into the water and human life is eventually created.  They obviously want to destroy life on earth as humans therefore are alien bio-mechanical creatures with the evil strain of the alien stuff in the cans.  That's why man wants to destroy himself.  They've been coming back all these years to check and now we're at a point that we can travel to other planets and they don't like that.  That's what I think.  The whole movies plot line hinges on Idris Elba (who never leaves the ship) saying "It's a munitions dump far from their own planet" to vaguely explain partly what the balls is happening. Poor.  Guy Pearce has no business being in the film either. Why not use a REAL OAP?! Bad makeup and no real spark from any of the actors.  Poor script and messy plot.  Wait for the DVD.
평점: 7	리뷰: This review contains spoilers, so please, if you've not seen this movie DON'T carry on reading.OK so I don't usually write reviews, but in this case I feel I HAVE to review this movie, perhaps mostly to vent some frustrations. Being a massive Alien(s) fan (a self confessed alien junkie who owns several copies and knows perhaps a little TOO much about it) I think this why I am so let down.Let me start by saying I have been waiting for this movie with great anticipation since the concept was revealed to the media. Then the gradual release of the various trailers just added to my excitement, especially as the trailers looked SO good, they just oozed reference's to Alien and had a wonderful creepy atmosphere to them... but that's where atmosphere stayed I guess...The film starts off well enough, beautiful scenery, beautiful 3D, and then... we are greeted by a hooded figure walking near a waterfall, who looks suspiciously like a rubber Vin Diesel, but okay, I can accept that. My curiosity and research into the movie had already told me that this guy was a Space Jockey. The film then carries on well enough with more visual treats etc and a nice part with David and his introduction into his creepiness.The film starts hitting confusion when they land on the planet they discover in a star map (one of the LV planets - presumably near to LV-426 from the original Alien) I can only presume (you'll notice I use the word 'presume' a lot - mostly because this film is riddled with plot holes and things that will leave you wondering 'why'?) that the scientists knew exactly where on the planet to land as they seem to find the 'tomb' straight away, however the film makes out they just randomly stumble upon it by accidentally flying into the right area... okay fair enough. The young scientists want to go looking straight away - brilliant we could see some action / suspense, space jockeys! Well not really, it seems to be a rather brief trip, but a least we see some space jockeys. One thing that annoys me here is the character 'Fifield' - every films likes to have a 'hard man' and quickly he is established at being just that... mo-hawk, tattoos, attitude etc but he is the first to run away when they stumble upon a dead jockey!? Fair enough he's not that hard man or the cool guy everyone likes in the movie... who is? So some things happen, things that leave me feeling very disappointed, mostly due to the space jockey concept. The helmet. The exploding face? why? and then the rest of the plot starts making no sense... David the creepy robot decides to poison someone with Alien goo, wicked, lets see him transform and kill some people or something? okay maybe he'll turn into the space jockey we see in the trailers? nope, okay lets see him commit suicide and be forever forgotten from this movie once again (one can only presume he was poisoned the impregnate Shaw - but who knows) otherwise his poisoning is pointless and his death needless.Fifields return... a chance for some action? not really, its short lived, although I did enjoy the little 'Aliens' reference in his death.Everything that happens beyond this point in the movie just adds to the confusion of it. I read the small amount of reviews on here before going to watch the movie, and I noticed a theme, a theme that I REALLY did not want to believe, but in the end the negative reviews are just right. I don't want to believe it, but they are.This film could have been so much more, and its biggest problem was moving away from being an Alien prequel and trying to be its own movie, instead it is just a mash up of different ideas which ultimate destroys my passion for the evolution of the alien. This film should have been unconnected to alien OR it should have been a direct prequel to alien. Instead we just have some kind of mash-up of ideas and some space jockeys thrown in for the fans. I idea of a space jockey being an engineer was something I liked, but I hated that they were big rubber men in suits, I would have preferred them to be a separate race of alien who created man, not aliens who are men.The End was the worst part of the film, never have I been so disappointed to see a Xenomorph (or some breed of) or how it was "born", (big squid facehuggers?) I much preferred the original concept of them being a biological weapon to destroy planets. Elements of that idea where there, but quickly forgotten.The film lacked suspense, there were no scares, and just when I thought something was being set up for a scare I was just left bored. The film has great ideas which are ultimately destroyed by it trying to be connected to Alien which in my opinion is its downfall. It is riddled with plot holes, pointless characters (Weyland and his makeup, Vickers and her star wars "father" line, and pretty much every other character besides David, Shaw and Janek).Ridley I had high hopes and you destroyed them, this film could have been amazing. Instead it fits in between Alien Resurrection and Aliens Vs Predator (I can't class it on its own since you decided to tie it to the alien saga sorry).5/10
평점: 10	리뷰: Before I begin, I should point out that I have been waiting for another legitimate release in the 'Alien' franchise, as have my fellow fans for many, many years, sure I was disappointed in 2009 when it was announced that it would not be a 'direct prequel' but I still had a good feeling about how the film would turn out on the whole. Giger was back, Scott was back, the Space Jockeys were back, it was always a spectacular recipe for a potentially spectacular movie. As I walked into my local movie theatre, I was greeted in the lobby by one of the projectionists who spied my Wayland-Utani t-shirt and proceeded to tell me 'Ahh Prometheus. I saw it this morning. It was good, not great.' my heart sank and I began to worry. But I shouldn't have been worried because fortunately 'Prometheus' is exactly what I wanted it to be, an Alien movie, it answered some of the smaller questions , pieces of back story which had always fascinated me, but it also posed tonnes of new questions as well.The film is beautiful, it's hands down the best use of 3D I have seen to date, it doesn't get in the way, it isn't dark (when it isn't supposed to be) and it does add something to the experience. The film is very well acted on the whole, however some of the characters are lacking in depth, while the script fails slightly here, more importantly it does not make any prequel Star Wars-esque lore atrocities (assuming 'Alien Vs Predator' is non-canon) and alludes CONSTANTLY to Alien, it is subtle and you have to look carefully but it creates a wonderful sense of tension and doesn't let up for a minute, my heart was literally in my mouth as the crew of the 'Prometheus' proceeded inside the bio-mechanical 'bone-ship' and the story plays really well with the expectations of the viewer.In terms of mood I would say that it falls somewhere between 'Alien' and 'Aliens' but falling more towards 'Alien', it has dead silence, it has stillness and moments where you doubt what you are seeing, but it also has some very intense action towards the final act.I am certain that there will be some fans who will be disappointed by the lack of answers, however in my humble opinion they are slightly missing the point, 'Alien' basically told us nothing, where are they from, where were they going, why is the Derelict on LV-426? To me half of the fun of this story is not knowing every little detail, that being said there are still some wonderful nuggets of lore which the fan-base can add to the canon.Pros: The film is beautifully photographed, the soundtrack is pretty average although they did manage to sneak the theme of the original film into one scene which I thought was a nice touch. It continues to tell stories within the Alien universe and gives answers to some of the smaller questions whilst leaving a degree of ambiguity towards the end. For fans of the Alien franchise this is essential viewing, I can't stress that enough, it just might not be EVERYTHING you expected.Cons: Some of the minor characters' personalities and motivations are more or less nonexistent which is a shame because this is something which the other films in the series have done very well and it probably isn't as epic as the trailers made it out to be, although I suppose that is rather the point.
평점: 3	리뷰: I caught the midnight premiere of Prometheus last night, and left the cinema in a state of bewildered disappointment. Sure, it was a good looking film, but everything beyond that was at least bordering on awful. I guess this is largely because of my great expectations on the film (Scott's earlier SF movies rank amongst my favourite films), but there is no escaping the fact that the script is horrible. Coming to IMDb, I was quite dumbfounded to see that it currently has an average grade of 9.0, and several reviews calling it "intelligent". Because that is exactly what this film most clearly isn't. The story is weak and frequently illogical, the characters wooden, and the action is predictable. This is a shame, because the ideas that it is based around are interesting to explore. The most grating parts are where characters essentially discuss philosophy (why are we doing this, what are we seeking, what is the difference between men and machines). I would describe it as if it was written by angsty 14-year olds, if it wasn't for the fact that I don't want to insult 14-year olds. It is ham-handed, shallow and riddled with cliché.The characters' behaviour is often highly implausible and/or erratic. Sometimes I got the feeling that there are scenes missing that would make sense of what happens, but there is enough stupidity in what's there to make me doubt it would make a difference. There is no real journey for any of them, and there is hardly personality enough among them all to match even one of the characters in the first Alien film.Speaking of the old film, it is also sad to see how much they rehash old scenes. (cryopod awakening, stomach bursting, facehugging, alien oral fixation, android physical prowess, gruff weapon guys, alien in the escape pod, etc.)The story has a lot of gaping holes. There is a lot unexplained, which could have heightened the mystery, but now only serves to provoke a "I don't buy that at all"-reaction.In all, an utter disappointment, which gets three stars for the visuals and some residue sentiment from earlier films.
평점: 7	리뷰: Below are just a few stupid mistakes that came to mind during watching...1. Prometheus is a four-thruster exploration ship? This is nonsense. First off, four-thruster configuration is needed only on military ships, to provide utmost maneuverability. Exploration ships will be built with engine configurations optimized to reach farthest distance, using single-thruster engines.2. For a mission of such magnitude and budget the ship would surely be weaponized, so there would be no need ramming into the alien craft to bring it down.3. Not a word on how a spacecraft on four conventional thrusters managed to reach a remote world in just 2 years.? Really? Sorry, I didn't know there was yet another earth like planet in the solar system, because that's about as far as they would get in two years on conventional thrusters, or just about in the outer frontier of the solar system.4. For a mission that cost billion dollars to hire a crew of idiots... Especially the guys with red irokez, who gives out this line: Not here for your damn friendship, just to make money . I mean, come-on, is this the best that a billion dollar can buy in the near future - a skank and a mule? The mission of such magnitude is expected to have the best professionals from the earth, not some trash. A real Mr. Weyland would be ashamed to surround himself with such people.5. Prometheus appear to be using a lot of standing controls, i.e. one must stand in front of them freely, instead of being tightly strapped, like to see the captain standing at various consoles and shaking buttocks during the ship's landing looks real stupid.6. In a mission like this to start instructing people on what it is all about only after they have reached their destination? Is that a quick top-secret military op? Really? I was under impression scientific missions are normally planned a little more thoroughly, like a few years in advance...7. Just as Prometheus lands, nearly the entire jock bunch rushes into the alien caves. This one just beats them all. In reality they would acquire a complete scan of the place first, and then send android there alone, to evaluate the environment before any human attempt to go there, which would likely be a group of 2 or 3 people at most, never most of the crew as was shown. On top of it, they almost immediately remove their helmets, while an alien world could easily have undetectable to them contaminants, that's just outright stupid.8. Imagine you are on an alien world, lost in a damn dark and creepy cave, full of dead aliens and scary stuff, and suddenly a creepy alien tentacle emerges from some disgusting-looking liquid. What do you do in this case? - Crap your pants and run away for 10 minutes scared to even look back? Well, that'd be my guess. But according to the genius of Mr. Ridley, you just pretend to be an American tourist - you start taking pictures, you try to give it a hug, and even tearful, you will probably try to kiss it - for real, my first alien, yo! 9. The discovered aliens appear to be the lost cause. They synthesized some genetic mutators that they failed to control themselves - how stupid of them! That was some buggy specimen they "engineered", however, they did make it creepy as hell, so we applaud them here...10. Holograms manifest themselves almost spontaneously. It does look creepy, alright, but I think even in our underdeveloped age there is understanding that a hologram does take some equipment and energy to create, they don't just run through the rock by themselves.11. DO NOT TRY AT HOME: The girl gets herself wide-open by an operation equipment, then simply gets stapled nearly all the way across stomach, and then just walks away. The droid says - that's the spirit, I like, and we applaud - Na-a-ii-ice! And to think that I was hoping for something more intelligent...
평점: 10	리뷰: Saw the movie yesterday in beautiful 3D. The atmosphere of the movie was absolutely splendid. It sort of felt like you were part of the movie rather than just watching it, which is a feeling I have only experienced once before (watching Fight Club that was). The religious undertone of the movie was something I on beforehand had hated, but for some reason it fitted in when I watched it. I'm not a big fan of Damon Lindelof, and when I heard that he was on board on this production I got a bad feeling in my stomach (no, no chest-burster – just thoughts and feelings over the crappy ending of Lost, with all its unanswered questions and major plot holes). My fears were somewhat answered because there are some significant plot holes and events in this movie that made me think like "how the **** does that make sense?" I had also read beforehand that John Spaiths original script had a way darker approach that D L rewrote to make it more fitting for the "Hollywood – it's all about the cash -industry".Even if the movie contained several severe plot holes and unanswered questions, I must say that I absolutely LOVED the movie an d I'm giving it a 10/10 because it was such a ride. When it comes to 3D-movies I have only watched maybe 6-7 of them, but this one far surpasses them by grand proportions when it comes to the visuals and camera-work. Most of the characters were farely stereotypical, but Michael Fassbender as the android gave an outstanding performance. Charlize Theron's Meredith Vickers was good, but way underused, as well as Idris Elbas character Janek. Some of the dialogue though thru-out the movie were so cheesy it was almost laughable – particularly between Janek and Vickers, and between Janek and some of his crewmembers.All in all the best movie I've seen this year even though it had a lot of shortcomings, which I will talk more about in the spoilers-section bellow.SPOILERS – do not read unless you've already watched the movie - SPOILERS SPOILERS – do not read unless you've already watched the movie - SPOILERS SPOILERS – do not read unless you've already watched the movie – SPOILERSFirst of – when Rafe Spall's character Willburn and Sean Harris character Fifield get lost running around in the spaceship, these two, who were the most scared of them all, goes into the most frightening room of them all where all the urns are standing and sits down in there to rest. Also, everyone hurdled back to the ship when the storm was coming because they would die from superheat and electric outbursts, but out of some miracle Willburn and Fifield stay unharmed, although they stayed behind in the ship that everyone were running away from to get to safety, so apparently the storm wasn't that harmfulI never really understood why Holloway never told Shaw that he had become infected, and I really don't understand how Shaw could take it so easy as she did after Vickers had killed of Holloway in the most brutal manner. The dialogue between Janek and Vickers when they were talking about having sex and when Janek spoke with Shaw about taking out the other ship were so cheesy I thought I would fall through my chair, not to mention when Janek told his fellow co-pilots that they were going on a suicidemission and they were like "**** yeah!!".
평점: 3	리뷰: After all the hype it was not totally unexpected that this would be a run-of-the-mill type of film. Anyone who says this is not like Alien must have a very short memory. Take this quiz:1. Who becomes infected by an Alien spore is it Ripley in Alien or Elizabeth in Prometheus?2. Which film has a double-crossing Android that turns good at the end - is it in Alien or Prometheus? 3.Which film's has the plot that there is the hidden reason for the voyage to find aliens for personal gain of a corporation -is it in Alien or Prometheus? 4. In which film is the female heroine the only human survivor at the end - is it in Alien or Prometheus? 5. Which film was directed brilliantly by Ridley Scott but falls flat on its face because it's boring and unoriginal -is it Alien or Prometheus?6. Why didn't they just call it Alien Origins?Answers - 1.Both 2.Both 3.Both 4.Both 5.Promethius. 6.It's a slick Hollywood marketing trick because if it had Alien in its title it wouldn't have attracted as many movie goers!Even the Alien from Alien appears at the end of Prometheus as the Alien.
평점: 1	리뷰: I saw this at a midnight preview and I was really looking forward to it. I'm a big fan of Alien, but I was really disappointed; this is a bloated mess.In Alien, the creature presented an abstract threat to earth but the plot centered on the immediate, physical threat to the crew. In Prometheus, the threat is purely abstract and while SOME bad stuff happens to the characters, they are all unsympathetic so it is difficult to care. Characters are established with simplistic dialog; this is the cool black guy, this is the incautious explorer, this is the obnoxious mercenary cyberpunk (who, for no reason, is also a scientist), this is the uptight corporate type.The scientists don't behave like scientists, they don't talk like scientists. The nerdy biologist (who has to walk off to be monster fodder later), walks away from an alien corpse because it's not his field of interest. Huh? Archeologists suddenly turn into medical experts and people exploring an alien ecosystem for the first time remove helmets without regard for contamination of the environment or themselves. Often, the only justification for character actions seems to be to set up later plot points.Alien worked because it focused on believable characters stuck in a terrible situation, without that believability the film would be greatly lessened. Prometheus, lacking that, is uninteresting.Prometheus puts me in mind of Avatar. The use of 3D is excellent and the art direction is amazing. However, as with Avatar, technical excellence cannot make up for a terrible plot, sub-standard characterisation and meaningless dialogue.
평점: 9	리뷰: I'll say it straight away, the script was crap. Everything else was brilliant! The acting, 3D, music, plot etc. were all great. It lives somewhere between Alien and Aliens. With a beautiful opening, showing the "Creation" of man. The scenes involving the ampules were amazing and the "surgery" scene was an immediate classic. The ending seemed to have been slapped on and was a bit cheesy but the movie as a whole fits perfectly within the Alien universe and does not detract from the myth as it does NOT explain the LV-426 derelict, it merely explains and I say explains lightly, what those beings were and what they did for mankind. I hope that the Blu Ray release adds about 20 minutes back in so that the characters are fleshed out a bit because on leaving the cinema, the only thing I felt let down about was that the characters weren't given room to breathe. (and of course, the crap script).Don't go into the cinema with reviews in your mind, just make your own mind up.
평점: 7	리뷰: After my first very negative review (I only gave one) and nearly one week after viewing the film I think I was wrong to be so negative. As I try to explain below.I had an open mind before going to see this film, I did not expect or associate it with Alien. I looked at it purely on its own merits.I realize now why my initial dislike of the film was based on its story. Anyone who has read Twelfth Planet (Earth Chronicles)by Zechar Sitchin would understand its not easy reading how we came about and how our creators view us. So I realize that for some people they may not like the film not because its a bad film but it does not fit comfortably with their hopes and beliefs. If this is deliberate by the script writer then it is far more clever and deeper than I realized. However the script is the biggest let down. More holes to fill a black hole. If this film had a better script it probably would have been one of the best science fiction films of all time. There are two very particular holes that made me want to hate the film and believe I had wasted 2 hours of my life and nearly £10 ($15).But the strange thing is apart from the script the film is haunting, it does create an alien world, it does create a believable Robot (Oscar worthy acting), it does create a spaceship landing on another planet, for the special effects, for the cinematography, for the Directing it is exceptional, beautiful and believable.Edit: just bought the DVD and watched it again, its worth it just to watch Michael Fassbender as the Robot, I hope he gets a supporting actor nomination in the Oscars. He deserves to win it!
평점: 1	리뷰: This movie doesn't deserve a lot of words. Ridley Scott and Fox show their CGI mastery, but it seems that for every dramatic looking scene they gave in on storytelling. Needless to say, this movie is full of dramatic looking scenes...The problem with Prometheus is that it tries to develop too many characters too quickly, which results in the fact that viewer can't 'bond' with any character at all. This also means that the viewer doesn't really care and hence takes away a lot of the suspense. If you can't relate to a character, you don't get involved into the story.Prometheus looked promising, but even with all the wonderful CGI, left me disappointed and even bored at times.
평점: 1	리뷰: This was full of special effects; thats the best thing I can say about it. From the start there was no cohesion to this film; big enough holes in the plot to put a spaceship through. Scott managed to wipe out the entire theory of evolution in one small diagram! It followed nothing of the original Alien and was just awful. The acting was terrible, was does a Brit actor suddenly call a vase a vAse... cant Americans understand nonUSA words?? How do you get liquid all over your body but your hair stays bone dry from Hypersleep? When did giant beings with black eyes manage to have exact DNA as humanbeans when thats not physically possible? Last time I looked at an operation you needed to have your fascia and muscles sewn back together prior to skin stapling. Why is the original Alien a type of squid? What were the worms things that came from the vAse? I came out of the cinema in total bemused silence, then I got angry, how dare RS take such a loved and iconic film and ruin it! a touch of the George Lucas I think.... has really put me off ever seeing anything by him again, not to mention the stupid actors for joining in!! have none of them or all the others involved in film making SEEN the original??
평점: 10	리뷰: Let me just start out by saying i was totally hyped for Prometheus, i followed all the fan boards read all the spoilers watched all the featurettes, everything. I was obsessed. I wanted a new sci fi horror that was going to rock my world. What we got was very different..... but thats not a bad thing by any means.Prometheus is not really like Alien or Aliens for that matter, it downplays the horror angle and goes for a more sci fi adventure approach, There are scenes of horror and gruesome goings on but thats not what its about. Its grander much more grandiose than any other entry into the saga before it.Lets put it simpler. I went in wanting balls to the wall sci fi horror, what i ended up seeing was something else, but a great ride nonetheless. Don't listen to the bad reviews and the naysayers, go get immersed in one of the most visually stunning and exciting sci fi movies in a long time. By the way don't be expecting to get all the answers about the space jockey on LV - 426 or you will be left short changed.Overall its very different to what i went in expecting, but its great non the less, visually stunning, great cast and lots of great action set pieces. 8/10. Cant wait to pick up the Blu Ray.
평점: 7	리뷰: There's no point crying over spilt milk and, after the Alien vs Predator outings, you could be forgiven for thinking that there wouldn't be another good movie in either series. With Ridley Scott at the helm Prometheus seemed like the perfect chance; and even with trailer upon revealing trailer you held out hope for the movie.And, for the first two thirds, you were right to.We can skip across performances quickly. Everyone is good, even when the script isn't perfect, but worthy of mention is Fassbender's awesome and creepily logical David, Theron's Vickers and Elba's, long in the tooth, Captain Janek. Rapace is good too, but she is so much in the mould of Ripley she doesn't stand out. If there's one complaint there are too many characters to keep up with and so fine banter is often lost, as the viewer is trying to catch up on each members motivations.Music is oddly upbeat at times, but occasionally harks back to the series that spawned it. Direction and camera work is what you would expect from Scott and his team; simply stunning and often beautiful, even at the moments of true horror. There are even subtle nods to his own original, as well as the sequels (not the AvP Movies).Where Prometheus is let down is with story and editing. Both of these sit reasonably well for the start and middle section of the movie, as long as you accept that none of these scientists have any common sense: Quarantine anyone? As you approach the end, and the inevitable links to the Alien films, the ball is dropped dramatically and continuity falls apart. There is no explanation why the planet visited by the Nostromo is so ravaged, why the planet number listing has changed, why the alien jockey does not die in the correct position on the ship or why the Nostromo failed to recognise the remains of the Prometheus. There is also the scene designed to kill off numerous characters you never knew, making you wonder why they were there in the first place. This may sound like geeky picking but, really, who was this film directed at?Worse still is the editing. When Guy Pearce's oddly accented Peter Weyland is proved to be alive, and on-board, the whole ship seems to accept this without batting an eyelid. There is a rather pointless scene where Vickers is proved to be his daughter, Shaw seems to become close to invulnerable after a major operation and the aliens, who led them to this world, make no sense – especially when you take into account the opening scene. Even David's logic seems to fall through the floor and the whole film gets very jumpy, as if large sections are missing.What Prometheus gives you is a better film than the cinema release of Alien 3 and Alien Resurrection but something that is well off the mark of Scott's own epic and Cameron's sequel. The shame is, with a little bit more thought, it could have been much better. However fans will still enjoy the experience, even if it is just so they can pick holes in it with their friends later.
평점: 5	리뷰: SPOILERS...I entered the cinema last night with both tempered cynicism and a real hope that this film should live up to its (predictable) hype. I have been a great fan of Alien, its sequels and all things science fiction since being introduced to them at an early age. Prometheus had been long in the waiting from the man himself: Ridley Scott. I hoped that unlike the unfortunate later Terminator sequels this film would really build upon the Alien franchise in an original and fresh way whilst retaining some of the Alien 'DNA' (pardon the pun)which made the original two films so great. After all, one should never underestimate the importance of a quality director (which terminator 3 and 4 sorely missed). I must also say that I approached this film from the view point of a Biologist and as such any fiction film which claims to be rooted in some sort of science (as Scott claimed this would be), attempting to deal with the creationist vs darwinian hypotheses (albeit in an overblown, entertaining way) is going to get my juices flowing, as it does for many people from all backgrounds. However perhaps I was always asking too much of this film that it should ever deal with some semi-accurate 'pseudo' science and a plausible discussion of such profound questions with a modern audience, big bucks and, needless to say, a dreaded sequel, stamped into the producers' minds.This does not mean to say that Prometheus is a bad film:The acting from Fassbender is of significant note drawing great similarities to the androids from Alien and Bladerunner that came before him. Rapace is also capable (but no Weaver) and Charlize Theron delivers a strong performance. Other supporting actors also do the original crew of Nostromo justice, although I have to say fault lies with the script for a lack of emotional engagement and care for the majority of the casts' lives. As many others have said, the film is visually stunning and the 3D worked well to immerse rather than to distract and as such the film is worth seeing just from a visuals point of view. Having watched the trailers I was worried that this film had turned all Star Trek on us in comparison to the 'gritty' atmosphere of the original films, yet it all stacks up considering the budget the Weyland corporation is said to have set aside for this particular mission.I also have to say that whilst the score is very different to the original Alien films, it is fitting to the grandeur of this particular story.Where this film really falls down is the plot. It loses it. To me it wreaks of the TV series LOST and has the disappointment to boot, hence there is little surprise that Lindelof had a big hand in creating the story. I have to say that I am very surprised Scott let this film hit the screens as it currently stands. It is as if they either wrote the story as they filmed it (LOSTesque) or just forgot to edit it. The first 45 minutes build the story very nicely and I thought we were really in for something. Needless to say it all rapidly falls apart during the second and third acts. Not only is there way too much going on, it is also at times farcical and just generally makes little sense.The writers could have gone down one of two routes: make an avatar-esque film of wonderment and human discovery (mixed with a little bit of sinister monster action) or make a full blown horror film in space (more like Alien/Aliens). What they end up with is a mediocre compromise. Whilst there are scenes reminiscent of the original Alien film (e.g. in the medical booth), there is little/no surprise or originality and (mostly due to the fact that there is just so much happening) importance/tension attributed to any of these individual scenes. Some of these scenes are just ridiculous (SPOILERS): making an alien head wake up by basically plugging it in... then doing a genome association study in about 5 seconds only to claim the alien has identical DNA to us (if it has an identical genome then why is it 10 foot and built like a God?). Another example being the fact that Noomi seemingly has the constitution of a whale and is able to run about chasing spaceships with her stomach literally stapled together. Then there is the geologist who by some miracle turns into more of a freak than he already was, before killing a load of hopeless crew and being run over by an APC to never be spoken of again. The list goes on and on. I understand that this is science fiction, but the beauty of the original aliens is that their lifestyle and the action that followed had a sense of engineered plausibility. If you were going to go down the route of making a terrifying and macroscopic bioweapon then it might look something like an xenomorph, it's as if Scott gets this science from a comic, why couldn't the engineers design an effective weapon from the start? Why do they want to kill us anyway? The film opens far too many questions and answers far too few to remain an interesting proposition. Of course it is very easy to pick holes in any fantasy film but I am disappointed by the amount of ammunition this story has provided. Undoubtedly many of the big questions will be answered in a sequel/s and I am sure there is far more to this story than meets the eye. I can only pray that Scott doesn't get stuck in a circular argument of Gods preceding Gods, for he is no philosopher.Either return to sci-fi with some original material or leave it alone, someone needs to tell the old-timers to quit while they're ahead.
평점: 2	리뷰: I went to this film with high hopes and have created this IMDb account so that I can write a review about it. The first half ( subjectively ) of the film was great: deep and thoughtful. The acting was generally great and where it wasn't, I think the fault lies with the script and the direction rather than with the actors. The CGI was also very good, it wasn't lush and vivid as the CGI was in the film "Avatar" but it almost seemed real, and was appropriate to the tone of the film. To begin with, the 'homages' were subtle and didn't make me think (too much)of the films that they referenced. An example would be the similarity of the 'cockpit' of the "Prometheus" resembling that of the "Nostromo". SPOILERS The film began to (really) lose it's way when the two village idiots encountered the 'snakes', engaging in behaviour so benighted that one would not expect to see in a parody of a horror movie.I'm finding it hard to continue talking about this film.SPOILER I will skip a lot of inane events and move on to the 'auto-abortion'. In the film "Alien", which was great and which I love, but is not without flaws: one glaring plot-hole is how the Alien grows from being perhaps 1 foot in height to about 7'.SPOILER When Shaw removes the creature from her body it is somewhat bigger than a watermelon, when it is encountered later on in the film it has somehow grown to the size of a grizzly bear - what did it feed on?This film is neither as good as "Alien Resurrection" (pregnant Queen Alien; fecal baby Alien; poorly judged tone; miscasting) nor as good as Alien Versus Predator Requiem, which at least has the dignity to degrade by stages: possibly good film; possibly okay film; creature feature; monster mash etc.If "Prometheus" had set out it's stand as a schlocky monster movie or a comedy horror I could have enjoyed it on that level...If there's a sequel I hope Ridley Scott gets replaced by James Cameron.I also do not have high hopes for how the new "Blade Runner" will turn out.
평점: 5	리뷰: Oh the hype. I cannot recall anticipating a movie so much. Matrix Reloaded may have come close, and the feeling of disappointment is all too familiar.This is the first time I have been compelled to write a review on this site, mainly because most of my friends haven't seen it yet and I just have to vent my feelings somewhere. But before I begin that cathartic release let me say that this is no way a bad movie. I never once had the urge to walk out and I expect I will watch it again some months down the line. I don't feel the anger I experienced after Matrix 2 or Indy 4 but I certainly don't have the buzz of having just watched a truly great movie.Lets start with the storyline. I think anyone going to watch this is fully aware by now that this is q prequel to Alien, and trust me, you'll have been slapped so hard in the face with this fact by the end of the film that your cheeks will be stinging. Time spent on plot background is over in a matter of seconds. If you've seen the trailers then you've pretty much seen the reason they're off to another planet. From there the storyline follows the usual tried and tested Alien(s) method, i.e. They find stuff, it ain't good and people start dying. What's wrong with that? You cry. Nothing is wrong with that but from then on in in you can't help yourself comparing it to the other two films. And that's where the wheels start falling off.The first two Alien movies were filled with strong characters who acted and behaved as you felt they should when their friends and colleagues start dying around them. In Prometheus however they may well have all been androids as Rapace apart, they were all taking death and destruction remarkably in their stride. Even one of the best scenes in the whole movie (Rapace's DIY Cesarean) is just glossed over like it didn't happen when . She escapes quarantine, removes a baby squid from her stomach and then runs into the others covered in blood only to be mocked for lacking scientific fibre. Theron may just have well not been there for all she adds and will someone please tell me why they felt it necessary to employ Guy Pearce to play an old man? Here's an idea, just hire an old man to do it instead!Even the characters taken as a whole are a rather strange bunch. In Alien they were a mining vessel (believable). In Aliens they took some hard asses because they were expecting trouble (believable). However on this occasion a billionaire thinks he'll take himself half way across the universe fully expecting to meet another civilisation who may or may not be hostile and who does he take with him? A couple of scientists, his daughter and a bunch of misfits. Oh but its OK, they have flamethrowers and a few pistols.Moving on to the bad guys and here we have something which I thought was rather good, as an idea. The concept of humans having evolved from an alien race is a good one, and one of the more believable parts of the film. It was a good idea tackled well. Now if we'd just stayed with that idea and made a film about it I may have been a much happier man. However Scott had decided from the outset that this would be an alien prequel and we were subjected to this absurd notion that they were sinply created by a squid impregnating a super human. Bingo! Quite why this hadn't already happened on the planet before is a mystery, as is why the Alien's don't come out looking more human every time one pops out of our stomachs. And so to the final scene which I suspect Scott saw in a ream one night and built an entire film around it. I can only compare it to Darth Vader's unavailing in Star Wars 3. Laughable.As a rule I don't like prequels and sequels. They all too often lead to feelings of anger and dismay. But I thought if anyone is going to do it right it would be Ridley Scott. Alien was his baby and there's no way he'd make a mess of it. Well now I feel its time for a public appeal. Will somebody please make a decent ORIGINAL sci-fi movie. PLEASE!
평점: 4	리뷰: The cast was impressively fashionable, the movie trailers looked amazing, and Ridley Scott was again at the helm. What could go so wrong?The most overblown and disappointing film of the year so far starts off OK, with the scene set nicely and the tension beginning to build. Unfortunately, the story goes nowhere fast or particularly interesting. To get the audience invested in the fate of the characters they have to care about the characters, and I couldn't help myself wanting most of them dead halfway into this movie. I will say that Michael Fassbender definitely did display a sufficient emotional range for his part, however.I thought Prometheus was a separate movie from Alien (albeit with significant overlap) and tried to judge it so, but all it seemed to be doing was to try and answer questions that tied up the unknown elements of the Alien plot. In addition to that it puts together such a confusing sequence of events that one of the minor characters actually has to spell out in plain English what those answers are! Really, if you want to tidy up some little plot sidelines (which didn't need cleared up in the first place) you could maybe go down the Star Wars route and make a cartoon version instead for the especially avid fan who cares enough about it. I will say that it is always visually impressive (although I didn't think 3D was used to any great effect), but that's simply not enough any more. I sincerely hope there won't be another addition to this franchise. They've squeezed enough out of it.
평점: 9	리뷰: Ridley Scott is back in the Sc-fi genre and he really hasn't lost his edge. Prometheus completely fulfilled my expectations and more.The movie started and from the first 30 seconds I was gripped. I didn't check my watch once for the running time or to see how long was left. I was truly gripped to the screen. as soon as the the film starts its really story building on story building on story. This movie really doesn't have a lull at any point. I am a huge fan of the Alien franchise but I went in to this film unbiased and I wanted to give this film a fair review. As soon as the film starts, it couldn't be further away from an Alien movie, but that's not necessarily a bad thing. I found the plot to be truly gripping and I couldn't wait for the next scene to unfold. This is easily the best film I have seen so far this year and I felt it did have a unique feel to it. The actors were very well chosen apart from perhaps Guy Pearce. I felt his character could have had more screen time and his story could have been more rounded. At times the film was creepy but this is definitely not a horror movie. It has the perfect blend of sci-fi, action and a tiny bit of horror and gore but it's not overly done and it works well with the tone of the movie. The 3D aspect works incredibly well. At times I felt like this wasn't a 3D movie and then something subtle in the depth of the screen would catch my eye and I think this is where 3D works best.Prometheus is a fantastic movie and yes I do wish the connection to the first Alien movie was a little more prominent but there is enough here to really answer a lot of questions and open up new ones.
평점: 8	리뷰: Prometheus had been pretty well hyped so I had somewhat high expectations when I went to watch the movie. To make the story really short, I didn't leave disappointed.First the good parts: The setting was a pretty interesting one. I loved the scene and the 3D worked really well - at one point I actually got fooled and tried to move my head a bit to see behind and object in the foreground. I was amazed to see the 3D in a movie work so well - although to tell the truth, I've only seen two movies in 3D so far, MiB 3 and Prometheus and the latter seemed to work a lot better. The alien life forms were pretty creepy and when the bad things started happening the horror elements were there. I'm generally not a big fan of traditional horror movies but sci-fi horror works for me and Prometheus really hit home in that regard. There was a lot of unanswered questions and clues thrown around which I personally liked, I love movies that make me think for quite a while even after the movie has ended. To summarize the good points, the visuals were great, the horror worked, the setting and the story was interesting.Now to the negatives: the characters were lacking. In a good movie you can familiarize yourself more or less to one of the main characters and feel sympathy. In addition the main characters have a story and they're introduced in some natural way in the order of things. Unfortunately this is where Prometheus failed. The two characters Shaw and Holloway, introduced at the beginning could be regarded as the main ones. Unfortunately there really isn't much in their characters to familiarize with. In addition, for some odd reason after they've found the alien structure and briefly poked around inside it Holloway gets all sad, drunk and unprofessional - a very strange reaction from a scientist in those circumstances. He's supposed to be one of the main characters but there's nothing interesting in him and he acts all weird. Shaw on the other hand gets more attention and action and reminds me of the good old Ripley but I'm still left feeling that her character was a bit shallow. And the rest of the crew? Not much to talk about. The pilot and the co-pilots are mere shadows with no real purpose or character whatsoever. The scientists were strange and acted strangely. The introduction to the crew immediately starts with a conflict among the crew members. It felt pretty strange they didn't even know each other and were acting more like wolves towards each other than fellow scientists. The guys were merely meat to the grinder and when people started dropping I didn't even notice who actually died, and I really couldn't even care. The robot David is pretty much the precursor of first Bishop but his real driving motivation is left unclear. He clearly repeats the same pattern of 'study and bring samples to home for study, no matter the risk'. Then again in the very end his co-operation with Shaw leaves me puzzled. At one point he was coldly sacrificing her and in the end helping and co-operating - felt a little bit odd to me. Strangely enough there wasn't much a joy of discovery among any of the crew members. It was like they'd found a dozen ancient alien ruins before - not going 'wow, amazing' a single time. Finding intelligent life didn't seem to be exciting to them at all which I found very odd.All in all the movie was good and interesting but it had its flaws. I feel there was bigger a focus on the visuals and the background story of Alien at the expense of proper characters and storytelling. Still the story was an interesting one and left a lot of questions open and space for a sequel, in whatever form it may come. There's a lot of open space between Alien and Prometheus to fill up and I'll look forward to the next movie, which I'm very sure will be made.
평점: 10	리뷰: Greetings everybody.Just seen Prometheus. Quite an experience indeed. Breathless.The movie commences with a great opening sequence that pays homage to the myth of Creation. Wonderful selection of other-worldly scenery, gorgeous production design down to a T, meticulously detailed sets, beautifully designed research vessel both inside and out, painstakingly created SpaceJockey Universe, confined to the Derelict though it may be, all produce STUNNING visuals. Hence, full marks on Cinematography and VFX. Then again, this is Ridley Scott at his best. (Never mind the trolls, let them think they can spoil the party).The story, despite the rather linear flow, leaves no rock unturned, albeit it may be quite swift and take no prisoners. The subject matter is so full and intense, there is practically no room to relax. A virtual white-knuckle ride that does not relent. The theater i saw this in, nobody could stir for even one moment. And when it was over, people were dumbfounded, as though hit by a truck.Questions, yes. Plenty. Answers? No easy way out. Who made us? Can our Maker break what He makes? Who made our Makers? What is creation? Immortality? How far is too far? The sole shortcoming of Prometheus lies in the fact that it is such an intelligent enterprise which delves into the unknown uncharted universe of the beginning that the unrelenting pace of the movie does not afford much room for full character development. (This should at least have been a 3-3 and one half hour flick). Nor does it offer a denouement. No questions answered? Will the sequel to the prequel set things right? All in all, the great cinematographer Sir Ridley Scott might just have destroyed what he had created. "Why" wonders the viewer, alone, out there in the cold. So now, go figure.
평점: 7	리뷰: Watching Prometheus is a frustrating experience. This is mainly because there is a very good film which has been folded inside an exceedingly bad film. I can't make head nor tail of Ridley Scott's pronouncements about this not being an Alien film but happening in a parallel universe. This is without a doubt an Alien film so why pretend otherwise?Let me talk about the good film. At its best this is a great monster movie with lots of action and scares. It delivers on the monsters and it delivers on the hardware. Even the CGI is excellent for once. The cast is just about perfect. I have my reservations about Noomi Rapace but she is pretty good as the Ripley-alike. Michael Fassbender, Charlize Theron and Idris Elba are all outstanding and the supporting cast is equally good. It is (the good part) a worthy addition to the Alien mythology and Ridley Scott proves he can still deliver the goods after a long run of mostly forgettable films. This is clearly set up to allow for a sequel too, though I can't imagine Scott doing it. Could James Cameron be tempted?Except it's all wrapped up in some embarrassingly lame plot about the meaning of life and who made us. Worse, it's tied to an utterly awful story clearly derived from Eric Van Daniken; God was a Spaceman; cave paintings prove it etc., etc. The dialogue is just about the worst I've ever heard in a blockbuster movie and that's really saying something.There's a clear and compelling way to improve Prometheus that would make a killer director's cut. First, cut out all the drivel that happens in the opening act and start with everyone already on board the Prometheus. Remove all the "God was a Spaceman" references and insert some short scenes giving a more believable motivation for the expedition. How about – we've seen some weird anomaly in a far galaxy, let's go and investigate and see if we can find new bio-weapons for the company? Remove naff dialogue where characters discuss their beliefs. Turn up the background sounds so you can't hear the worst of the remaining dialogue. You'd be left with a 90 minute film worthy of the Alien franchise and we could all believe in Ridley Scott once again.
평점: 8	리뷰: Well... don't get me wrong, I did enjoy the film, but...Putting "Alien" to one side for a moment, this is a pretty good film. The special effects are very well done, particularly the portrayal of the race that came to be known as Space Jockeys, which are very convincing. The characters too are likable, with an exceptional performance from Michael Fassbender as the artificial person. Tension is suitably high in places. Like I said, I enjoyed it, but... for a film that makes it abundantly clear that it is a prequel (Space Jockeys, the original Alien ship, and the Weyland Corporation) to the original Alien, there was at least one gaping hole for me that broke the connection, being the fact that the original space jockey did not die in his chair. If they could have just tied up that one major loose end, it would have sat a hell of a lot better with me. I find it somewhat baffling with the attention to detail elsewhere that they let that detail slip. Add to that the infuriation of never hearing any form of explanation for their actions from the space jockey himself, and you end up feeling a little cheated by the end of the film. Maybe my friends will enlighten me on something I missed.
평점: 3	리뷰: well looks like the reviews are all going to fall into 2 categories: those who'd give it top marks just for the opening credits and those who think the whole thing sucks. I'm in the latter group.Don't get me wrong, if you're a fan of the series or scifi in general then it's a must see; just don't expect it to live up to the hype or offer anything new, because it totally fails to do that. It's basically a mix of a few of the older Aliens movies with updated effects, and a new heroine that legions of alien supermonsters, psychotic androids and devillish corporate villains are somehow utterly incapable of killing, although wiping out masses of other people is no problem. Predators with Adrien Brody was a much more thrilling scifi reboot.Charlize Theron is totally wasted; Noomi Rapace does pretty much what she did in the Dragon Tattoo series (the original Swedish version) - i.e. amazingly avoid death at the hands of otherwise perfectly competent killers, everyone else has a role so insignificant its not worth commenting on, except Michael Fassbender's android, who was brilliant and provided the only thought provoking stimulus in the entire film. The new super human alien forefather guys totally sucked. i don't want to give any spoilers, but the gut busting aliens had better dialouge. i hope that Ridley Scott gets dumped for the next one and they come up with a better story. Even the effects and visuals don't make up for the holes in the plot, and no they are definitely NOT in the same league as Avatar.
평점: 8	리뷰: *PLEASE NOTE THAT THIS REVIEW HAS SOME MINOR SPOILERS IN THE BEGINNING AND MIDDLE, WITH MAJOR ONES TOWARDS THE END, IN ORDER TO BEST CONTRAST THE STRENGTHS AND WEAKNESSES OF PROMETHEUS. PROCEED WITH CAUTION.*Right from the first few minutes of the movie, it's clear that this Alien prequel is entirely it's own beast. The sweeping natural landscapes are combined with a powerful orchestral soundtrack, and as the origins of man are revealed to the audience the 3D only helps to add immersion to this moment. It is miles away from the desolate and tense few minutes of it's masterpiece of a precursor, representing how the movie is approached as a whole - and it unfortunately never manages to reach the ridiculously high heights of Alien. Yet at the same time, Prometheus manages to step out of the shadow of it and stand on it's own two feet. And it still manages to be a slickly executed, intelligent sci-fi film.The opening half especially demonstrates this. It even manages to remain reminiscent of Alien while it introduces Michael Fassbender's character of David, mimicking the atmosphere right down to the scrolling text describing the titular ship. Shortly afterwards, however, the remainder of the first half instead becomes a well-done ensemble sci-fi film. The (mostly archetypal) characters are slowly introduced one by one, yet they are strongly developed and all have something about them that makes them more memorable. There are light moments of humor to keep proceedings dark-but-not-too-dark, and the tidbits of information that are added to the universe's main mythology are well-timed; although some answers to long standing questions raised by Alien are a little too convenient. Damon Lindelof even visits ideas of faith versus science, though understandably electing not to answer these far too complex questions. But as newly designed creatures are introduced into the proceedings, all Hell begins to break loose. And all of these interesting elements are slowly lost. Disappointingly the film becomes a relatively straight forward monster movie from this point, and while the strong characterization is kept many of the script's other key elements are abandoned. And while it manages to answer some of the questions raised by the film itself, Prometheus concludes with an open ending. An open ending that leaves the viewer with more questions than when they started watching the film, suggesting answers in a possible follow-up instead.Yet while Prometheus is not perfect in terms of it's core narrative, it is executed to near-perfection, with little to no weaknesses in terms of it's presentation. This is helped in part by the brilliantly consistent performances, where every character has been cast perfectly and acted even more so. As mentioned before Fassbender is fascinating to watch as the android David. He lacks empathy and emotion, yet enjoys the film "Lawrence of Arabia" so much that he dyes his hair blonde and starts mimicking Peter O'Toole. He is an intriguing character from the outset, and the fantastic performance Fassbender delivers only makes his character stick out even more. The same can be said of Charlize Theron as the cold corporate figurehead, and when the small flashes of actual emotion to her character are seen, they are made all the more powerful by Theron's acting. Noomi Rapace does quite well as the religious scientist also, and Idris Elba's character as the captain of the Prometheus is very believably wry. Yet once more, it should be said that there is not a single weak performance or character throughout the film. Some are simply more memorable than others.But many of the more important elements for the presentation are entirely in the director's hands, and Ridley Scott's proficiency is flawless in this regard. His introduction of stunning landscapes happens with such frequency and such fluidity that it makes other sci-fis look pathetically small in scope. The action sequences are also well-directed and nicely done, with some brilliant body-horror moments towards the middle portion of the movie. The soundtrack is similarly epic in scale, and can be surprisingly nostalgic at times when it lightly plays on a chord or two from the original film's music. Many of the CGI effects as well are very naturalistic and fit in perfectly within the film, and there was not a single moment where use of it seemed unnecessary or even noticeable at all.And during the climax of the film, several characters confront their "makers". These creatures are the ones responsible for the aliens of Alien. They are the ones reasponsible for the creation of human beings. Rapice's character of Shaw is on the verge of breaking down, demanding to know why they were sending a ship full of alien biological weapons straight to Earth. And when David translates, how does this "maker" respond to their inquiries? By ripping off his head.And so with Prometheus, the core storyline leaves the viewer with more questions than answers. Yet at the same time this becomes irrelevant, because the film could not have been presented or executed in a better manner. Ridley's return to sci-fi is completely triumphant in this regard. And it still manages to be one of the better sci-fi films of the last few years.
평점: 8	리뷰: Not reviewing many movies, usually because i'm too lazy, but this time it's a little bit too much.I don't know if it's because of Fox or if Ridley Scott just lost it, but this movie makes no sense. The scenario is absolutely flawed, it is centered around the most basic existentialist questions without providing any answer or making any sense with them. There's no suspense, there's no action, there's no thrill, there's nothing to think about, just scenes that are patched up one after another which make no sense overall.Maybe a director's cut would be something good, because this thing's even worse than Robin hood.Honestly, i'm surprised at what Ridley Scott's becoming, after doing masterpieces like Alien, Blade runner, Black Hawk Down, Gladiator, Kingdom of Heaven... I mean, even Robin hood is a masterpiece compared to Prometheus, to say how low it sank...Anyhow, Ridley, please go back on track and do us some good movies again !
평점: 6	리뷰: No one can argue that Prometheus looks incredibly impressive. It has a convincing atmosphere and makes use of an old-school look of science fiction which still feels fresh and hits all the right nostalgic buttons. The film keeps creeping up in my mind, its vagueness making me wonder how everything fits together and its style bringing about a lot of nostalgia for the things I love about Alien, one of my all-time favorite films. This would be a bigger advantage if my recollections weren't a mixed bag of excitement and disappointment. It's hard to say whether Prometheus has landed or just crashed with style. There are aspects of the plot that are genuinely interesting, where its vagueness benefits to make you ponder over posed questions. There is, for instance, an aspect of the relationship with your father (or your creator in general) that I quite like. Your father is inevitably superior in hierarchy and even though you might surpass him. He has to die in order for you to be fully independent. It is an engrained consequence of the Prometheus myth without being previously (to my knowledge) explored. But there are at least as many other questions where the possible answers show a definite lack of imagination or intelligence. One such question is how the aliens created us. The opening scene shows, if I'm correct, an alien sacrificing himself to grant the components of life to the waters of the earth. Now, either life evolves separately on earth from these components. If that is the case, then the human organism evolved entirely separately on a different planet, over the course of thousands of chaotic years (including the dinosaurs losing dominance over smaller mammals due to environmental impacts), into practically the same creature as the aliens (with almost the exact same DNA-code, mind you). This would be highly and deeply unlikely. Or we didn't evolve, but were created; our DNA-code was granted to us by this alien creature. That begs the question of why there are so many animals on this planet with whom we share huge amounts of DNA with. This bothers me, really bothers me. If it's a question of suspension of disbelief then don't be so vague about it. Neither is it something small that can easily be ignored. I don't expect all the science to be completely plausible in science fiction, but this incident isn't just some fictional science; it is engrained in its themes and its central question. The entire film soothes with questions that feel intentional to make you think, so don't punish us for doing so. It adds up to something somewhat incoherent and can feel a little underwhelming.The structure of the story is familiar; perhaps a little bit too familiar. At times it feels like it's going through the motions. Some of those motions are awkwardly uninspired, but more often they are obviously cared for and still manage to thrill and bring about a sense of awe. The creatures are better than almost any monster or alien these days and although it is a big budget blockbuster, it still understands that tension resides in mystery. The ending, however, feels a bit too rushed at times for tension to build to its peak.Noomi Rapace brings a wonderful performance, but truth be told, Fassbender steals every scene he's in. David is the star of the film. Ironically, the robot is the most fleshed out character of the entire film. Almost every other character though, has no development, no third emotion (the second emotion for all, except David, being fear) and they tend to just be plain stupid. Their manner of thinking is much more akin to a typical character of horror-films than a scientist. Jumping to conclusion seems far more logical in terms of the plot-development than as part of any scientific method. The actors, however, do a good job of making these characters feel like real people even though they fit so perfectly and obviously in the required stereotypes.Prometheus lies somewhere between a creature-feature and hard sci-fi. Although sadly it isn't the best of both worlds, but a clash of the charm and flaws of both. It has some wonderful spectacle, interesting creatures and it has some big existential questions, attention to detail and mysteries. But it also has idiotic characters, badly recycled structures, ideas and generally falls short thematically. It's too well made to hate, but too poor to love.
평점: 5	리뷰: In an effort to avoid disappointment (being a fan of the Alien mythology), I took my seat in the cinema with as open a mind as possible, expecting nothing at all.Even the day after the late-night viewing, I'm still unsure of exactly how I feel about Prometheus, a very unique position for me regarding movies.Perhaps the equal amount of positives and negatives I've taken from the film have left me in a state of shoulder-shrugging, a view seemingly at odds with the majority of polar opinions on IMDb.As has been stated almost universally, the visuals and effects are of the high-tier calibre expected from the director who wowed audiences with Alien and Bladerunner (vastly overrated in my humble opinion).I also concede that the plot was very loosely threaded and subject to random offshoots which ended without resolution, and themes that were vague and unexplored.The pandering to religious audiences in having the two main scientists carrying crosses (Holloways tattoo is the other one) is insulting to science, a medium where factual answers are sought, in opposition to the hallelujah corner, who blindly buy into words on a book, written by goat-herders who believed that sneezing released demons.I find it incredible that in this era of knowledge, people still ask such self-centred, obliviously naive questions such as 'why are we here'? Surely an understanding of DNA reveals the answer, despite this answer being so stark and brutal that billions of humans would rather invent self-pleasing fairy tales to avoid the truth.We're here because our DNA constructed us, and our purpose is to survive, selfishly, at all costs. End of story.Even though Rapace's character finds, not god, but alien creators (viable, since DNA is involved), she still searches blindly for something there is (God), not just a complete absence of evidence for, but also absolutely no rational inclination to believe in. How ignorant.Anyway, I digress.The acting was as expected for a movie carrying a handful of well-known faces, surrounded by mere cannon-fodder, with Fassbender's android providing much of the magnetism, despite some all-too human emotions and some strange behavioural decisions, such as the drink-droplet.What I found utterly unconvincing was the blasé reaction from the other characters to the multiple deaths occurring around them, along with some of the inexplicable decisions a few of them made.Spoilers: The awakened Space Jokey/Engineer's reaction to his discoverers was also a little 'unexpected' to say the least, but then if we're correct in believing that they're out to end our evolution, it may be unsurprising.So many questions, so few answers. Was the initial Engineer who 'sparked' life on Earth acting in accordance with his species, or as an individual? Why did these beings stop visiting us? Are the Engineers' set on destroying us due to our parasitic and destructive nature? Why did Scott bother with the hastily, unexplored element of mortality, introduced by such a pointless character as the old man? Where did the chest-busters that killed the Engineers vanish to? Where was the intermittent reading of life coming from? Where was the Engineer who was discovered at the seat of the ship in Alien? Why is Rapace's character searching, when we all know that the faithful (so named for a reason) are content NOT to search, but to simply ACCEPT? As my wife has commented, this movie has more holes in it than swiss cheese.That said, there were occasional scenes that were impressive, including the Med-lab abortion, but for such moments, there were a dozen unexplained ones, such as the paranoid Fifield seeking his own way back to the ship, highly unlikely behaviour for someone who is clearly spooked, or his bizarre return as a crazed zombie, induced by the oily substance.So, in a nutshell, it was slightly confusing, with some juvenile attempts at philosophical depth, and a smattering of unlikely behavioural patterns, despite a fairly grand visual feast.Back to the drawing board Ridley. And please don't follow this one up with an even more religious offering, for in this age the shadows in which a traditional God can survive are shrinking, and rightly so. Actual knowledge is far more rewarding than personal desires and fantasies.A decent effort at a sci-fi epic, but it joins the ranks as an unfitting addition to the Alien mythos.
평점: 10	리뷰: Now I grabbed your attention with this provocative title of my review, we can start.First of all, why this movie is better than "Alien" - well, it's not because I'm dissing or ignoring cult bliss was original movie (and sequel from sci-fi action mastermind Cameroon), not at all. I'm saying this because it's totally different movie.Bummer, isn't it? Unfortunately, FOX marketing had little choice than market is as Alien prequel, but if you are looking for better "Alien"/"Aliens", you are in for disappointment (and what quite a number of internet reviews indicates, you won't be alone in this). Because this movie, while it has very strong horror shocks (girls, you are totally warned for certain scene in this movie, be ready to close your eyes), is totally different beast - with "brain" I would say. It is very provocative, much provocative than current Darwinism versus Creationism discussion about our roots - from where we are and what's most importantly, where we are going. It doesn't assume anything, it let's story flow trough scenery and you. And yes, there are questions to be answered, but as any good movie, it rises quite a few itself. It's set in Alien universe, it has lot of common with original, but it goes in totally different direction.What can and will rise confusion that it feels that something is missing - authors choose quite risky path intentionally not telling whole story (reason why people passionately love/hate movies constructed as flashback series). However, lot of things you will get after very long hours of thinking about this movie - like beauty and significance of the first scene. It is intelligent and enigmatic and can be frustrating as any of your friends-smartypants when they smile secretly and give you small doses of information while refusing to tell big picture in one big swoop.In visual sense this movie is astonishing masterpiece - this is how space sci-fi should be made, guys (and it's cheaper than Green Lantern). Cinematography, music, sound and crushing performances from Michael Fassbender as droid David (I request an Oscar for this guy) and Noomi Rapace (NOT a Ripley, but with survival instincts and soul on her own) are things what makes this movie instant classic. What most important that waiting for another cinema grandmaster to do 3D has total payback here, Scott has done amazing things with it, first time I didn't want to throw up and run to 2D.So in nutshell, even if you feel you'll will disappointed because of direction "Prometheus" took, go out and check it by yourself, because it's worth admission. Even if you won't like it, it will make you think.p.s. one interesting thing - yesterday I thought my score will be 8, this morning 9, but now I'm ready to make it to the 10. All because of afterthoughts.
평점: 10	리뷰: I just saw this movie in 3D.I must say that after reading some reviews I was a little skeptic.The movie for me started out slow and easy before it got darker and more creepy. The 3D was smooth, not like other movies with all the extra effort to make you see the 3D. This was just relaxing, like you did not notice that you were seeing it in 3D. It felt natural.The story was fun and exciting.All in all for me, this was one hell of a ride! I have seen all the other Alien movies 10 times or more since the 90's. And this movie delivered for me! Thanks Mr. Scott, you made one hell of a prequel! And I loved it! It was dark, creepy and fun! Just like it should be!
평점: 7	리뷰: Well when Prometheus was announced some time ago I was more than a little excited, one because Alien is one of my all time favourite movies, and two Ridley Scott was directing. All these added together was more than enough to send my anticipation into a frenzy, then the first trailer came out. Oh my lord, that was it, I had to see this film at all costs.Then something happened, another trailer was released, then another, then another. Then viral videos, then behind the scenes stuff, then more trailers. Then I kinda guessed the storyline and the outcome of the film, and now I've seen it, I was by and large correct. The marketing over load on this film, may have been overkill. Such a shame because the teaser trailer was so promising, but I did still go and watch it and I did still enjoy the film despite guessing the storyline.Without giving too much away the film is set a few years before the original Alien film and explores the origin of mankind to the far reaches of space, but what they found may not be what they were expecting. One thing that did baffle me slightly was the technology used in the film, it made the future technology seem redundant, as the past seems far better equipped than the future, odd. But then this is both a positive and a negative, the positive being the film looks absolutely stunning, the set pieces are beautiful and detailed, the CGI is fabulous and photo realistic and virtually everything - down to the nearest speck of dust - looks good.The cast is a nice mix, but character development is missing on most of the crew. The vast majority of them are totally forgettable, so you feel very little for them, something that is usually fatal in a "horror" film. But the main guys are great in their roles; Noomi Repace is well cast, though not a scratch on the Ellen Ripley character. Charlize Theron is fine in her cold commanding officer role, but is totally under utilised. But Michael Fassbender is on terrific form and completely steals the show, as the synthetic David.Where my main issue with Prometheus lies is in its similarity with Alien, its more of remake than a prequel in a way. Thats not to say its exactly the same as Alien, but it feels oddly familiar and strangely lacking in originality despite trying its best to be original. The idea of the crew of Prometheus searching for mankind is very interesting, but in the end comes off as redundant and kinda lame. It tries to steer the film down a certain path, but it comes off more as ridiculous than ingenious. In the end you know what's going to happen which is another problem, and there is no real payoff at the end of the film. Not only that the film seriously lacks scares, the music is too loud and in your face. There is no gentle creeping and no silence to keep you on edge. The film therefore comes across more as a bad action film, than a good horror.The trouble is Prometheus tried to distance itself from Alien and in doing so made itself less believable and predictable. But in a weird way I did like how they did it, could it have been better, hell yes, but did I ultimately enjoy the film, hell yes.Prometheus isn't the masterpiece it set out to be. Its not as creepy and horrific as Alien and not as thrilling as Aliens, though it does have its own merits away from the franchise. If a sequel is made I won't be queueing round the block to see it, but I do want to come back for more. So despite a bit of mixed bag, I would still highly recommend Prometheus.
평점: 4	리뷰: just saw this at the IMAX the beginning in 3D is amazing,but lets face it, all Imax 3D is impressive.Alas the film is not good.By no means a bad film,it left the obvious Alien fans in the theatre, utterly bemused. It is honestly a cross between Leviathan and AVP.It is shocking to be quite honest.Every one has applauded Micheal Fassbender and rightly so, he is brilliant, but his character changes from good to bad and then back to good guy and the ending is dreadful.If you have seen the trailers you have seen this film.This did not have to be an Alien prequel and suffers because of it.The birth of the proto Alien at the end almost seemed like it came out of Alien vs predator films. Damn shame.
평점: 4	리뷰: Let me first state that I have never written a review on IMDb before, but this film was so god damn awful that I just had to write something to explain to other viewers my reasoning.Being a longtime fan of the Alien franchise, I honestly had very high hopes for this film, and even went to view the mid night screening in hopes of Ridley Scott could redeem the franchise after the AVP franchise butchered it. I was sadly mistaken.Let me state that as far as cinematics and special effects go, this is by no means a bad movie. The 3D, ships, creatures, landscapes, weather explosions and all other special effects are by far some of the best I've ever seen in a Sci-fi film, and if wasn't for the god-awful plot, I daresay I would have been completely immersed.As for the story, this film does about as much to explain the Ridley Scott Xenomorph universe as the AVP franchise itself does, and certainly makes a lot less sense than the latter in attempting to do so.The characters are completely bland, easily forgettable, by the end of the movie I walked out only remembering about three of their names thankful that it was over. You will not care who dies, and the characters seem to act completely random, freaking out when they don't need to, and acting incredibly calm in tense situations.The plot is absolute garbage, Weylen corp makes an appearance again, obviously only along for the ride for some form of personal gain, that much is made clear in the first 20 minutes. The first of the two 'big twists' are revealed within the opening sequence, and the second is figurable within the first 40 mins.Now for the rest of the nonsense plot. When Prometheus touches down, they immediately locate the base of what they're looking for (visually mind you, no radio signals or anything to guide them, they 'just happen' to land right above where they need to be) then they find a weird gene morphing goo which turns some earth worms into powerful boa constrictors, yet also causes the engineer's heads to explode, yet also turns the crew into rabid killers, yet also impregnates the main heroine with a face sucker. So which is it?No attempt is made to explain this new bio weapon, and it's effects are completely inconsistent throughout the movie. The 'tense moments' a virtually non existent and the film does nothing to draw you in and captivate its audience. To be fair, by the end, I didn't give a damn if any of them survived.Then finally when the last engineer is found in cryo, he turns on the cast and tries to wipe out humanity by flying the bio weapon to earth with no explanation as to their motives at all. Why go through all that trouble of creating a race, then getting them to come find you if you're just going to wipe them out? Then there's the final scene in which the face sucker (now about 7 feet tall) impregnates the last engineer, and the Xenomorph queen bursts from its chest fully grown. This seemed more like a tribute to the squealing fanboys rating this film 9/10 than actually making any attempt at explaining their origins.I'm still holding out for a sequel to better explain this load of garbage, but trust me, don't waste your time. Wait for the blu-ray.
평점: 7	리뷰: We saw this film last night at a special midnight "premiere" at our local multiplex, with a packed crowd of Sci-fi and "Alien" fans. The tension and excitement was high. At the beginning the manager introduced the film but warned it "wasn't like Alien". 2 hours later the mood was quite ugly, as if a riot was about to break out, mainly because "it wasn't like Alien" This film suffers from the same problem all big hits do. They become so popular that they are then endlessly rehashed; to the point that people complain it's too formulaic and always the same. But when the creators then try to change it, or go in a different direction, the work is attacked for "not being 'X' or 'Y' enough". In many ways "Prometheus" is like 2006's "Casino Royale" – A back to basics origin story that lacks 80% of what made the series so popular, with a few little hints and name checks dropped here and there so that it can be said to be a "Bond" film even though it doesn't feel like one. So here we have effectively a re-run of the very first "Alien" – a near identical spaceship goes off to a distant planet, encounters an abandoned extra-terrestrial ship, finds something evil inside, crew is decimated, lone girl survives. However this one has NO ALIEN creature (save for one in the final moments) stalking the crew. Instead we have a couple of genetic mutations that might turn into Xenomorphs later, but look like zombies, some tentacle creatures, a 'body-hugger' (pre- miniaturisation facehugger) and the "Engineers". The "Engineers" are the films big new idea, the old Dannekin "Chariot of the Gods" extra- terrestrials that made/educated mankind, though they have been done so many times now in modern sci-fi that they are an immediate cliché. They are what were formerly called "Space Jockeys", that bizarre, disturbing creature piloting the crashed ship in "Alien" whose ossified corpse was one of the film's lasting mental images. Like Boba Fett, it was a throwaway background thing that took on a life of its own and was eventually granted an official backstory in the prequel. However, like Boba Fett, the official backstory is dull and kills all mystique. Turns out that strange, Elephant like creature we all tried to imagine as a living thing of flesh over those bones was just a spacesuit! Inside was a large white muscly man modelled on Mark Strong, our human progenitors no less, not exactly what we all secretly wanted to hear. They are a sort of "angel" who created mankind, but now seek to destroy, or supplant, us with the Xenomorph. "Why?" becomes the big question that propels the film's main heroine, Elizabeth Shaw, played by Noomi Rapace, a scientist who also has a strong Christian faith which directs her research. Contrary to popular myth, a good percentage of scientists are also religious, indeed science itself has always been fed by the religious impulse, and it is very refreshing to see faith not be treated with cheap contempt in a modern film. Shaw is the film's Ripley, though her toughness is of the interior rather than exterior kind: No weapons blasting or Alien fighting for her, rather it is the strength of her character and ideal that make her our heroine., and which lead her to continue her quest into the expected sequels. Michael Fassbender is excellent as the android David, though even he eventually proves to be less instrumental to the story than we first imagined. Charlize Theron is wasted as the slimy corporate type, as is Idris Elba as the jovial ship's captain. The rest of the cast barely make an impression, the total opposite of the usual ensemble cast of Alien films, and it isn't even clear who dies when and how. The special effects and the 3-D is brilliant, and makes the film a pleasing visual experience, rather like a large art instillation, but what the film lacks is narrative drive. It is as if they had taken the first part of the original Alien, then left out the second and third acts, making it the story of a group of people who land on a strange planet and find something, with a little bit of running around at the end. "Alien" motifs are deliberately dropped in to remind us we are watching one, like the opening conference (Aliens) the landing on LV233 (Alien) searching the Gigersque ship (Alien) Metal vials laid out like eggs (Alien) refusing the infected return (Alien) seeking safety in a pod then attacked (Alien 1-4) and the final radio message of hope (Alien 1- 4), but they are done so deliberately that they strike false, just namedrops to keep the fans happy. "Prometheus" tries to return to the pre-Star Wars sci-fi tradition that spawned the original film, the sci- fi of ideas and philosophy, big questions asked out there in the last unknown, but all it does is ask questions it then doesn't answer, saving those for sequels of the "to find out tune in next week!" variety. It takes out the Xenomorphs, the horror, the action, the chase, but puts nothing in their place. It is both a very bold film, for its ideas themes and visual splendour, but it is also not an "Alien" film, and not a very exciting or frightening one either, and it sets up answers we never get. It is definitely a film to see in a large cinema, and a pleasant experience, but radically alter your expectations or you will be like that riot mob last night baying for Ridley Scott's head!
평점: 10	리뷰: The time is 3:30, just home after watching the midnight release of the alien prequel... Or not This film, while technically being a prequel, does not really explain the reason behind alien but does bring a few more questions. This however is not a bad thing. Quite far from bad actually. Prometheus does NOT leave off where alien begins, but rather sets the series up for another film.  If now you're reading bad grammar and poor workmanship I apologise but it is half 3 and I am knackered. Prometheus takes us to new places, in strange but epic ways, Ridley Scott leaves this film in a sort of prequel/stand alone limbo. Yes the film takes place before the setting I alien and does sort of explain the space jockey but does not leave us in the right situation for the start of alien. Fans will have varying opinions on this film, some will say it explains everything when you read between the lines, others will say it doesn't really explain anything... Both are correct, you need to watch the series closely to really understand the explanation; but you can come to this film anew (why would you do this... Get your ass in and watch alien you freaks) or just have watched the alien films once and not really paid attention to the films dialogue, and just enjoyed the alien eating the poor crew... Point is Ridley Scott has made a well rounded film for all the family to enjoy. I really enjoyed this film and would recommend this to anyone an everyone... Definitely twilight fans as they need to know what good acting/writing/directing is. 9.5/10 brought down by my disappointment in the finale scenes not setting up alien perfectly... But that's just meAlso the new spider man trailer was on; do not watch that trailer if your planning on going to see the movie! Yes the film looks cool, but I pretty much just watched the entire thing in the wrong order... What where they thinking, IDIOTS!!! Read more of my reviews at http://onestopreviewblog.blogspot.co.uk/?m=1
평점: 9	리뷰: Finished watching this movie 2 hours ago, so here is a real fresh review: This movie does well to grasp you from reality with its superb plot line, the cinematics are clear and utterly jaw dropping, some of the best cinema to date, every scene and character invokes a sense of mystery and intrigue.Ridley Scott has pulled off a genius movie it has everything, action, mystery, horror, suspense and of course a unbelievable plot line that keeps the guessing game going and going.By the end of this movie i couldn't help thinking i had come across a puzzle, some of the characters actions were questionable, when you leave a cinema asking your friends why did he or she do this, you know there is more to come.I will give this movie a 9.5, when you watch this movie with an open mind lets just pretend for moment that its not just a movie, and mine and all your questions are answered !!
평점: 6	리뷰: Well, Ridley Scott has struck as with another glorious looking film. The actors, aside from the Scottish guy with the Mohawk, were all brilliant. The CGI was stunning and the idea for creation was highly interesting.There is one large problem that has been annoying me since I went to see it. From trailers I could tell it would have plenty of links with Alien. I liked this and believed the film would develop into a direct prequel. The reality was quite different. Image Prometheus and Alien on two ends of a spectrum. The plot line of this film zig-zagged between the two story ideas. It was an independent film which wanted to be a prequel. The ideas were trying to work with each-other simultaneously which simply didn't work. It SHOULD have spent the first half developing and wrapping up the "engineer" idea before ending with a direct link to Alien; not splitting between the two at the end. Either that or it should have dealt EXCLUSIVELY with the "engineer" idea.So, although it is clear that Ridley was a bit TOO clingy to Alien, where the idea wasn't linked it was truly superb. The links to Alien just opened up plot-holes and pointless sub-plots which took away from the film overall.So a visually stunning film executed brilliantly but with a very confused story line behind it. If it was completely independent to Alien it would be 9/10, but it isn't, it's 8/10.
평점: 7	리뷰: Just came back from watching it a little while ago.Could it live up to what we hoped for? No Was it as good as we could hope for/expected of it? Yeah, think so. So, no, it's not perfect, but I kinda liked it anyway.The story? - clearly a lot of thought has gone into making it and it does make sense...mostly. Unfortunately is has the same thing that most horror movies also do - people doing something VERY stupid ...that doesn't make ANY sense - other than advance the plot and f00king things up even more for the characters ...and doesn't even bother to TRY to explain WHY. Unfortunatey it can't rise above that very basic stupidity and that's too bad. I'd hoped for more.But a lot of things works really well too. Despite a few scenes that really rubbed me the wrong way for being a little too familiar compared to scenes from earlier installments - I like how it meshes really well with the already established universe. Mythology established in Alien 3 are here, and built upon, while setting up its own stuff...and even something that establishes something major from Aliens are set up here as well....and leaving it wide open for a sequel, naturally...which I hope we get. :-)However, overall it suffers from being almost too slick. Like too many other "big movies" it has, what I call, a "hyper-optimised" script. It's predictable, unrelenting in its forward storytelling momentum, and nothing is there by chance - everything matters and the time of red herrings and "fun little things" are a thing of the past. We don't get "small insignificant things" anymore - only big plot holes that are unexplained and too big to ignore.Visually it's stunning though. Nothing effects-wise to complain about. Some negative stuff there, but how could I not mention it. But I loved it and I'm looking forward to seeing it again (and again). I won't splash out extra on 3D the next time, though. The 3D, while good, is in no way needed for anything and although it may add depth to the world, you won't lose anything by only watching it in 2D.
평점: 8	리뷰: Prometheus is about a group of people who travel to a planet where they believe the alien race that created mankind lives. What they find, though, is most definitely not the meaning of life.Now Prometheus is actually a prequel to the 1979 sci-fi classic Alien, also directed by Ridley Scott. Even though it is a prequel, it is at the same time a completely different movie. First of all, the creatures in this movie are way different than the Xenomorphs we met in the Alien franchise. Also, the cast of characters is totally different. The movie takes place 96 years before the events of Alien, so the setting and the story is very different. However it does include some references to those films, and also some well-placed fan-service that most Alien fans will appreciate.The movie isn't as good as Alien. The progression isn't as great, the creatures aren't as scary and the movie overall isn't the sci-fi masterpiece it wants to be. It's still a very good movie, just not as amazing as you would want.Overall, Prometheus is a very good prequel to a popular franchise and Alien/Ridley Scott/sci- fi fans will most likely be pleased.
평점: 5	리뷰: This was the movie I was hoping to be the best of the year. I'd not watched any trailer for it (except for the viral videos), and thought it was going to be a cerebral experience about the search for man's origins.The opening scene was excellent, smart and visually stunning. Could see a slight homage to 2001 A Space Odyssey's time-warp ending with the panning of early earth landscapes and mountains. The scene of an alien seeding the earth set the scene. However, my heart dropped with the meeting of the crew of the spacecraft that had just reached the remote planet. They were a bunch of the most unlikeable characters you could imagine. It didn't make sense to me that a journey that would last for years would be made up of people who had never met, were unprofessional and with motivations that are totally incongruent with space travel. These are supposed to be astronauts exploring new territories but they acted more like tour guides and disgruntled employees just doing their regular day job. The rest of the film was a remake of Alien with the brown haired female character taking on the Sigourney Weaver warrior role. In any reasonable future, none of those characters would have ever been chosen for such a space mission. The only character that had any depth was the robot.This movie could have been so much more, so much more intelligent, so much more engaging, but it answered no questions and it just didn't make any logical sense.
평점: 6	리뷰: I expected more. ALIEN + the trailer tells the whole story. There's just nothing more in this. And sadly, there's no characters and no antagonist either.That said - this is a very well made movie with tons of great effects and nice settings. Beautiful at places and down right nasty at others. Really cool.But you know - if you stretch out a film over 120 minutes, you should really have material for it. Sadly, PROMETHEUS does not have that.Sure - Scott wants to save something for the sequel to this, but we who pay to watch the film actually wants to see THIS film. Hence, this film has to stand alone - and it doesn't.Without the next installment, and ALIEN, this movie would make no sense at all - and scriptwise, it would go directly to an extensive re-write.Most significant of script errors is the lack of an antagonist. There's just no suspense in the first part of the film. The second part kicks off good - and is really watchable - but only because of cheap thrills and tricks.It's still a far better film than much else being made today, but for $120M dollars you'd expect them to hire writers that can really really write. We've actually seen much of this in tons of other films, and it's just not fun anymore. Give us something new! If it was a $1M movie, then I wouldn't complain. For that budget, this would be super.But when you play around with $120M and you still make old-make-up that looks like in the BACK TO THE FUTURE-films - then you know that someone needs to get a reality check.
평점: 6	리뷰: Not the movie I was waiting for.Of course, it's beautiful, but this movie is so far from any basic understanding of human psychology. Scenes after scenes, decrepencies arises, and you'll find yourself at the end of the movie saying saying : bullshit.I wasn't able to fathom the scenes, especially the last one, where 1 person decides on the account of what he heards from a running compagnion that he he will be a suicide missile to save humanity. Just like this, and of course, the 2 persons with him accepts to follow him to his death, all while telling jokes about the world from the other side.
평점: 8	리뷰: It is hard to say too much about Prometheus without spoiling it. First of all, those expecting to see the original Aliens are not seeing this movie for all the right reasons. Yes, it is part of the Alien universe and set before the first movie, but it doesn't feature those Aliens and instead tells a brand new story of merging the two worlds together.With Ridley Scott back to directing, Prometheus used the similar setup of making researchers explore an alien world, only this time there is a longer setup and more suspense driven to events unfolding. The ship in this movie is very reminiscent of the one in Alien, although it is different in design and has some new interesting gadgets and pieces of technology we haven't seen before. There's no denying that there are things people will pick up relating to Alien, and I'm really glad they didn't tone down the violence for 12/PG-13 rated audiences. Either way, you can watch Prometheus first before the other Alien movies.On the acting side of things, I found Michael Fassbender's Android character David to be the standout for the movie. I also liked the protagonist Noomi Rapace and the supporting cast of Logan Marshall-Green, Charlize Theron, and Idris Elba. All strong performances, but perhaps if there's only one small complaint I could think of, is that maybe the supporting characters didn't get enough development time. Thankfully, Scott and the team keep the movie going at a very good pace with emotional depth at the right moments.Overall, Prometheus on first viewing was what I expected, a movie using it's original base movie Alien as a structure to produce a new story with new characters/lifeforms to lead up to other Alien story lines. It is highly likely the references will become more obvious in sequels to this, but Prometheus manages to bring a story that works as a standalone but also a prequel at the same time, which is good for all viewing audiences, and I think Scott was trying to bring the grisly/dark atmosphere movies of Alien without being too in your face, which I thought was the right direction for this movie.
평점: 6	리뷰: Where to start, OK when I first heard the rumours that Ridley Scott was going back to the Alien franchise I was so excited I could nearly explode. The potential of one of the greatest film directors re-visiting a genre defining film but with the advantages of 30 years of experience and modern techniques and equipment could be one of the greatest films ever.So to say the least my expectations where high.The trailers and speculation online and in print had whetted my appetite and the marketing machine in full swing had built my desire for this film to be good like few films before.I found myself reflecting during the screening on what made Alien such a good film, and also films like Aliens and Jaws. Directors I think work best when they have real restrictions in place with budgets and the equipment and technologies available to them. When you have to build tension through style and cinematography, when it's more about what you don't see than it is about what you can show the REAL directors step up to the plate and can deliver stories of real impact.This like so many other films lacks originality, spends far too much time celebrating how good CGI can be and doesn't bother to imbue its villain with any kind of personality or character.The basic plot is covered in the trailers, discovered all over Earth across multiple sites and throughout all history there is a common recurring theme of a star map, a location, an invitation?? So of they go, a rag tag group of scientist and industrialists with one Android looking after them in hyper sleep. From there you already know the story because it is exactly what you think it will be, only unlike the original Alien there is no tension and little conflict, no horror, no suspense and nothing original. It would be hard to invent a film language like he did in the original, but here he has followed the conventions of sci-fi like a paint by numbers film, lazy story telling but beautifully put together.
평점: 6	리뷰: (Parents: If you have a son or daughter 15-18 years old who want to see this, consider going to the cinema with them, since lots of humans die horribly with very gory effects.) If you're a sci-fi fan who likes big budget special effects, go see this film, because Prometheus has 2 hours of flawless 3D special effects.If you're also a fan of the Alien series, though, you could either end up loving this movie or thinking Scott has completely run out of new ideas.The first 1.5 hours will basically replay large chunks of the scripts from those series. It's so like Alien you might not like it, it's ridiculous in my opinion, and likely a grab for a young audience that hasn't seen Alien; a recap.If you're an absolute Alien Freak, on the other hand, it might swing the other way. You will get a dose of Giger, even if it's the same material as in Alien, and if you didn't watch it for the characters, there's plenty of crew dying horribly.The last .5 hours is where the story develops (and introduces the sequels) and becomes interesting.The score would have been 5 due to the for me unnecessary recap and strangely unengaging characters and story, complete lack of moods and suspense being a start-to-end get-the-job-done movie. But the special effects were SO well made I had to raise it a notch, and it wouldn't surprise me at all if this movie was nominated for, or even won, an Oscar for best SFX of 2012.Full review on my blog at maximilion.wordpress.com if you want plot spoilers. ;)
평점: 5	리뷰: Crikey where do u start? space jockeys are really us???????????????????????????????????? we are are own beginning..............OK well if the 'engineers' are us and they decide to develop weapons of mass destruction to get rid of us one has to ask em..............why.............or why bother................or is this just a franchise multi tie in.............! my Mrs actually fell asleep she was so bored.....................I spent 2 hours trying to convince myself this tripe made sense..........simple truth is it doesn't............BTW Mr Scott YOU do not try to PET an alien snake type thing when it rears up & goes Hiss at u!!! We are not in the realm of ET here......trouble is this movie is full of pooh like this....David (your cuddly android) who can turn the engineers DVD / HOLOGRAMS off and on by simply beep bloop n bopping their (keypads) just boggles logic............In short this movie has MORE holes than swiss cheese...........GR8 cgi but thats it.................4 shame MR RIDLEY 4 shame.............30 years in the waiting for this steaming pile..........................
평점: 8	리뷰: If you take the original 'Alien' film, it was a thinking persons film, it was also an action and horror film as well. The problem is that 'Aliens' and the sequels started to shift the focus specifically on to the horror and action, until the final film before 'Prometheus' being the 'Aliens vs Predator - Requiem' focused really on horror. The "horror" in the last film was more based on cheap thrills and not on the script or character development/empathy in anyway.Most young adults will be more familiar with the newer cheap thrills effects sort of film in the franchise. Chances are with 'Prometheus' they wanted or expected were cheap thrills full of gore with what they got with the last film in the franchise. What we got instead was a thinking persons film with the premise based on asking questions, leading the film to be more of a thriller than a horror. In essence it returned to the roots of of the franchise beign 'Alien'.The problem, if there is one is of demographics. The target audience of 'Aliens vs Predator - Requiem' is a completely different group than that of 'Prometheus'. If you are looking for a Scifi thriller then 'Prometheus' is up your street. If you are looking for cheap thrills based on gory effects then steer clear.
평점: 7	리뷰: 2093AD, following the discovery of alien star maps on Earth, a scientific space expedition to seek out the origins of man, ala Chariot of the Gods, arrives at LV223 (NOT LV426!). But is everything as it seems..... Ridley Scott has wisely lambasted the idea of a straight sequel/prequel to Alien/Aliens, as they had been done to death. However, he felt he could re-visit some of its most stunning-but previously unexplained images-a derelict spacecraft,cargo and "space jockeys". The issue I had was that by delving into the same territory and using parts of Alien as a hook to draw interest-there was some expectation of xenomorph action. Alas not. The first act is slow and lacks the tense atmosphere that Alien/Aliens had from the start. However, it is beautiful to look at and the concept of finding the origins of man is nicely laid out. This is it's own beast, so why follow the old traits of success. When the landing party start to investigate a strange mound structure and its interior-things start to get more interesting. However, the pacing and tension are no way near as well balanced and sustained as Alien/s. The comparisons are unavoidable-the makers are using the Alien canon to tell the tale but fall short of their aspirations. Now, there are some very good things here.I Fassbenders android, is superb. Is he seemingly as ruthless as Ash from Alien, or the hidden good guy of Aliens? Or just morally ambiguous? Rapace, Theron and Elba are also of a decent standard. However, the Prometheus's crew are fairly one dimensional cut outs overall, partly due to the extra baggage of the origins idea and because there are 17 crew members. Also the script and characterisations are in no way as naturalistic as the Nostromo ensemble had in Alien. Individually, even the main cast members lack character arcs-aside from Fassbender. On the bright side, there are two very near classic gruesome scenes which tap into the Alien ideology. Its just a shame that Ridley Scott didn't hire another script writer to come in to hone and polish the third act. It becomes muddled, characters seem to be expelling exposition in a matter of a fact way to make up for the lack of explanation elsewhere. I still enjoyed the film overall, but the individual moments of brilliance do not make a classic, consistent piece. The 3D is very good,as it was filmed with this in mind. Whatever Ridley Scott was intending to create is given a nasty dose of the comical with Guy Pearce's old man prosthetics and undermines the realism and attention to detail gone before it. The last act has its moments but leaves behind a muddled batch of half baked ideas which the two script writers seem to want to just offload. I saw the origins and motives of the Space Jockey engineers long before the writers drop them haphazardly into the film. The few new ideas introduced-aside from a broader explanation of the space jockeys-are left unanswered.am being very critical but as you can see my mark is not too harse. Visually it is stunning to look at- Its more a case of I had to hold this up for comparison with the first two classic movies- which it owes its origins too.
평점: 2	리뷰: From watching the trailers I was really looking forward to seeing Prometheus and now feel very disappointed - to the extent that I felt compelled to add my first ever review on here just to cathartically share my disappointment with others.The plot, scripting and dialogue is incredibly poor. The acting isn't great, with only Michael Fassbender coming out well from this, though to be fair to the rest of the cast they were given precious little to work with. The story lacked coherence, the action lacked tension, the science lacked rigour, reason and plausibility, the characters lacked.. well character and again plausibility... etc.In it's favour there were some pretty visuals at the beginning... and that's about it I was actually relieved when something "scary" happened as I couldn't have cared less for the characters and there was no tension or sense of dread so the overall effect was to give some respite from the creeping boredom and hopefully kill off one of the annoying characters.Seriously Ridley, if this is all you've got then please just retire and stop screwing with my memories of the good films you made. Still not sure how the guy who gave us Alien trample over that great film and give us this tepid tripe.
평점: 8	리뷰: So I saw the long awaited "Prometheus" tonight. Overall, rather good, but the characters annoyingly and jarringly flaunted so many basic health and safety regulations regarding potential contamination, infection, quarantine and exposure to physical injury from not wearing adequate safety equipment in an unfamiliar extra-terrestrial environment etc. Maybe we're just supposed to be careless or stupid in about 80 years' time. Tsk! Also, while not being pro-god or creationist as such, it did kind of take a dump on Darwinism and the role of evolution in our existence.Being in 3D was fairly pointless. I even had to check that it was by taking the glasses off. It was, but barely noticeable.Gorgeous sets and imagery, but I wasn't too happy about what the Engineers or "Space Jockeys" look like under their bio-mechanical suits.It was plagued by thoroughly unbelievable and rather unprofessional characters as well. Dumb scientists and ship crew lacking the professional integrity you'd expect from a trillion dollar mission. Oh, and the old Weyland guy was a bit rubbish. Just Guy Pearce with lame prosthetic wrinkles. How about using an actual old man actor with an actual old bone structure? He stuck out like a sore thumb. Anyway, I have to pick fault, but it's very much worth a watch and most people aren't as picky as me I guess.I still wish they'd stop making films as if we're all dumb 15 yr old kids without any real intelligence though. And it should have been purposely made to be an 18 certificate (in the UK at least).
평점: 7	리뷰: I keep flipping my opinion on it, I mean there were huge flaws in it but the fact its stuck in my mind shows it was pretty good. It also had a scene in it that literally made me physically squirm in my seat, during which I think I may have also mouthed oh god. Which is something that hasn't happened before.Overall it was a disappointment though, billed as "not" an Alien film, but it was and is, so you go in expecting the famous creatures and you don't (99% of the film) get them. I came out of the cinema saying to my friend there weren't any scares, but that isn't true, there obviously are, but if you know Alien as a franchise then you know the scares so its a case of same old ticked boxes rather than scare moments. Fair enough they did come up with some twists, one of which being the squirm scene, but I wasn't scared, just grossed out.I can't really comment on the 3D as I say it was my first 3D film. I enjoyed it but it was a distraction mostly, the moments it is at its best break the illusion because you think 'damn I got conned by the 3D, I'm watching a 3D film'. There was one moment I was thinking who the hell is in the way of the shot, get out the way, but it was a character in the foreground. And I'm thinking 'man how dozy are you' and then I'm not paying attention to the film. Everyone is banging on about Fassbender, and yes he was good, but his performance was entirely guided by two fantastic examples from the previous Ash and Bishop. Without them as a reference I doubt he would have come up with the same method of playing David. He was good but obvious, you know without 5 seconds of his presence that he was the android. And the dodgy android at that. The film lacked characters as far as I was concerned; I wouldn't be able to tell you any names other than Fassbender, Theron, and the Tom Hardy look-a-like (and only him because his girl said it about 20 times). Most of them were in the films as furniture, as alive as the flamethrowers. I didn't care about any of them other than Idris Elba, and maybe Charlize Theron. Who I'll talk about now, What the hell happened? You get Charlize Theron in your film, and you give her flip all. I saw her in Monster and she was insane, this almost inhuman killing machine, so she is in Prometheus and you think here we go she gets out of stasis sleep and does some push ups, looking angry, we've got some sort of evil fit Vasquez type on our hands. But no, she spends the entire film watching what is going on. The flame thrower scene doesn't count because his was such a nothing death/character. Then she has the most pointless death scene I've seen in ages. Wasted. (literally)The lead, Noomi, was pretty good. Not believable as a survival machine like Sigourney though. Her last third of the film just had me going oh god I bet that is killing when you do that. Or HOW THE HELL IS SHE STILL GOING. And would you really believe in god after all that? Just because your dad said? AND would you really forgive someone from murdering your husband(?) THE ENGINEERS. This really annoyed me, the whole aesthetic of the "space jockey" was conveniently bi-passed by saying it was a space suit. Jesus. So instead we had these giant naked albino muscle men running around trying to kill anything/looking close to tears. And the intro???? what was going on. NOTHING MADE SENSE.IDRIS ELBA. Not much of a role but he did it well, impossible not to love him. His character was a bit annoying at times, like suddenly becoming all philosophical about it or just accepting the constant death like it was nothing.ALIENS(?) the film did my head in here, there were so many variations it was impossible to fear anything because nothing really came out you twice. The original Giger characterisation of the monster is an absolute classic, but here we had snakes and a giant squid. and mad muscle men. and ink. and a baby squid starfish. I'm thinking at the end when she gets in the pod, behind the door is the beginnings of a queen alien here we go! but the giant vagina squid comes out. damn.TOM HARDLY LOOK-A-LIKE. This guy was really good looking. but totally none-dimensional even in 3D. He kept putting his feet up on everything, WE GET IT YOU'RE FREE SPIRITED. then he starts looking like Nathan Hale at the end of Resistance 2. Then the most I don't want to get involved character in the film kills him. He is that nothing.QUOTES. There were none. Alien films are great for famous one liners, especially Aliens which may have the highest count of killer lines in film history. But the dialogue was fairly straightforward, the best bits being quotes from other films "There is nothing in the desert, and no man needs nothing" a Lawrence of Arabia quote from David. and "If you can't be with the one you love, then love the one you're with" lyrics from Idris' characterSo yeah I didn't like it that much. It was a good enough film to be worth seeing, If none of the other Alien films existed I'm sure it would have semi-blown my mind. AND I'm again sure it will grow on me in time, just as Alien 3 did. AND AND Maybe there is a directors cut on the DVD that sorts it all out...

영화제목: Life of Pi
평점: 7	리뷰: There are a lot of positive and admirable things about Ang Lee's latest Life of Pi. Cinematographer Claudio Miranda captures the most uproarious and glorious shots captured this year thus far. The 3D effects are some of the best ever seen and feels absolutely necessary in a film so heavy handed with religious tones. What Mychael Danna achieves in Lee's film has just placed him in the forefront of great film composers working today. He continues to impress with his musical range, envelopes the film's message and thematic narrative in somber and beautiful melodic notes. On Visual Effects alone, Life of Pi will likely land a nomination for Best Picture. What Lee invents with the ocean and the integration of the tiger and the other animals is spectacular. He allows the mood of the film and the imagery to marry each other in a ceremonial experience that stands next to Sci-Fi epics like Avatar (2009) and Hugo (2011).Newcomer Suraj Sharma puts a valiant effort in the role of "Pi," a performance that may land him more critical and impressive roles in the future. The work is reminiscent of great breakthrough performers like Rudy Youngblood (Apocalypto, 2006) and Dev Patel (Slumdog Millionaire, 2008); both were impressive turns but sadly will not catch any awards attention. Irrfan Kahn, who has delivered in great supporting turns like The Namesake (2006) and A Mighty Heart (2007), could have his best chance ever for serious awards attention. His hurdle will be a minimal screen presence and a supporting actor race that's crowded with "movie stars." Lee directs the film with a firm hand. He knows what he wants to say and for the most part gets his message across. Unfortunately an unfocused and at times jumbled screenplay by the great David Magee creates an atmosphere that relies more on the visuals then the narrative. Also, I'm unfamiliar with the book by Yann Martel, never read it before, so I have nothing to compare it to but much of the story's elements of surprise feel rather cheap and ill-fitting. Not sure how it will play with others but the film remains pretty consistent on the entertainment sector. Lee explains his preparation for the film at the New York Film Festival with such passion and delight. He speaks about getting Sharma properly prepared by placing him on a boat in the middle of the ocean and meeting a real life shipwreck survivor; Lee's love for the project comes through, all four years in the making. It's a directorial achievement that the Director's branch of the Academy could easily get behind. The film lands solidly on the front door of awards season with ease and could rally a loyal legion of followers. Look out for the National Board of Review to kick it offI can almost put money on it.Read more reviews @ The Awards Circuit (http://www.awardscircuit.com)
평점: 10	리뷰: Saw this the other night at the NYFF. Wow. It's an incredible film, a true cinematic achievement, possibly a classic and maybe will be the first 3D movie to break through and win the Best Picture Oscar. Some of the images were so beautiful that the audience gasped at many of them. I felt transported and like I was seeing a movie for the very first time. I haven't felt that sort of magic in a movie theater in a long, long time.I read the book and liked it and the film may even improve upon it which is kind of a miracle considering it's kids, animals and water just about all the time. The spiritual themes are simple and deep and raise more questions about faith and belief than answer anything. No preaching going on here and there could be. Without giving anything away, it's a wonderful story about storytelling and how telling our stories can get us through the most horrible life experiences and to help deal with the aftermath of them.It's an incredible film experience. Go see it!

영화제목: Ghostbusters
평점: 4	리뷰: A group of varied personalities form a paranormal company in order to catch ghosts and save New York City.Based on Ivan Reitman "Ghost Busters" written by Dan Aykroyd and Harold Ramis without drawing any comparisons to the 1984 classic, Ghostbusters 2016 is 116m 28s of stylish sleek fun. Ghostbusters writers Katie Dippold and Paul Feig interestingly bring the team together with clean cut modern cinematic swagger. Feig, director of 2015's Spy, turns his hand effortlessly to an effects driven comedy friendship rework.With a Disney Haunted Mansion-like opening with a genuine jump scare, to animated mannequins and joy riding ghosts (including Slimer), there's plenty of ectoplasm on display (that appears to follow) the excellent cast, especially Kristen Wiig's Gilbert. Haunted by a paranormal encounter as a child, Gilbert who's co- written ghost book loses her job when a ghost encounter video goes viral. Wiig along with kooky hot engineer Holtzmann played by Kate McKinnon light up the screen (no pun intended) and soup loving Melissa McCarthy's Abby Yates and Leslie Jones' subway worker Tolan provide the comedy backbone.While the scripted comedy doesn't go for subtle wit, with some physical gags its mostly more on the nose comedy, infused with pop culture references, including Ghost and The Exorcist to name a few, it genuinely has its laugh out loud moments, Feig even throws in a fart joke for good measure. There's lots of chuckles to be had, many come from Gilbert's and Yates former, later rekindled friendship. Feig offers excellent set-ups and set pieces as proton packed armed they go about busting spooks in a rock concert (where Ozzy Osbourne cameos), the city street and subway at one point using some new toys. There are many memorable moments, a scene where they run some tests like Peter Parker trying out his web, along with a moment where Holtzmann goes all Clint Eastwood western to name a few. McCarthy and Jones' comedy timing is impeccable, with smart Wiig and wacky genius McKinnon bouncing off wonderfully - firmly stamping their mark. But overtly focal Chris Hemsworth sends his persona up somewhat as dim witted eye candy Kevin and steals many of the best moments.As the team discover there's a disturbed bell boy Rowan North (Neil Casey) amplifying paranormal activity in New York, during a carnival of phantoms we get to see the Marshmallow Man in balloon form and a pilgrim ghost take on the team. If anything the excellent CGI spirits on occasion are more spectral beings rather than the departed traditional dead, there's a giant Gremlin-like flying creature and holographic like ghouls trapped in mirrors. Ghostbusters moves along at breakneck speed, and while the main bad guy may lack weight and grit thankfully this is counteracted by the genuine likable and watchable main cast.While the CGI may lack that Indiana Jones/Poltergeist 80's optical feel. The colourful ghost effects on display - reminiscent of Beetle Juice and akin to the original second outing, along with the Ghostbuster (universe) cartoons, comics etc. have a charm of their own. At one time their Ghostbuster logo literally appears animated when Rowan mocks the team prior to him trying to destroy the city in a vortex, which lucky for the insurance company leaves little, if any mess. There are some fridge logic moments, why build a containment unit instead of zapping them into slimy gloop, unless it's to study, either way I'm sure Ghostbusters aficionados will be able to explain.There's an array of welcomed cameos for series fans from the likes of Ernie Hudson, as the undertaker Bill and uncle of Tolan, to Bill Murray, in a surprising extended cameo as Martin Heiss, who accuses the Ghostbusters of being fraudsters. Dan Aykroyd, has an excellent brief appearance as the all knowing cab driver. Even Annie Potts appears as a hotel desk clerk, snapping the crowning, "What do you want?" Andy Garcia shows up as the Teflon Mayor and humorously loses it when he is compared to the Mayor in Jaws. While Charles Dance's small role is fittingly cast as Gilbert's uptight University Dean.Feig offers along with the familiar theme tune supernatural hijinks and enough jump scare frights to give the youngsters the heebie jeebies. Dedicated to Harold Ramis, stick around for some end credit antics plus a post credit scene where Sigourney Weaver briefly appears as Holtzmann's mentor Rebecca Gorin and the team discovers the name Zuul for the fist time, setting it up for a sequel.Overall, with the controversial backlash and odd marketing now in the grave, as with any kind of rework comparisons will be made, taking my nostalgia glasses off, as a film in its own right, it's spectre- tacular fun and comes recommend.
평점: 1	리뷰: As far as the end result... ...the film completely fell flat across the board. I have nothing against the four leads. I more or less blame the writers, director and the studios choice of direction for the new Ghostbusters.The acting is some of the most stiff and cookie cutter I have ever seen. There were times when it really sounded like they were reading their lines. The actors did NOT mesh well at all and their interaction with all of the blue and green screen effects was lifeless and clueless.I was just lost with the approach on their attempted humor. I mean, it's bad. I don't know what panel sat around the table reading the script and laughed at it, but I hope they never do again.The effects were horrible. Every time, which was A LOT, they used a green screen, I found myself taken away from the movie.The film constantly contradicts it's own established continuity. One minute they can't kill the ghosts, only contain them, the next, they can. Just ridiculous.They even added a segment to the movie early on that shows the four girls poking fun at all of the hate for the film. I just don't think the studio gets it. More mocking of the very people they expect to pay top dollar for their product.Despite all of the sexist remarks towards the movie, the movie itself is EXTREMELY sexist against men and borderline racist. All men are portrayed as fools in the movie and in order to kill the final villain they have to shoot him in the crotch. It almost seems the team behind the film knew how stereotypical and sexist their movie was, so they capitalized on the sexism against the film in order to hide that.I honestly recommend wearing a padded glove when you watch this, IF you watch this. I have never face-palmed so many times during a movie in my life. I would not suggest this film to anyone except maybe children under ten years old and even then, it would simply be for a cartooned 3D experience.I wish I could find positives because I dislike being so negative about a film. I understand completely the amount of work that goes into something like this. Chris Hemsworth was probably the best part of this believe or not. I could see him leading a team of his own Ghostbusters in another version if written correctly.But I can't help but quote Jurassic Park concerning the very idea of this film.The filmmakers "were so preoccupied with whether or not they could that they didn't stop to think if they should."I really did try to give this film a chance despite all of the negative hype. But, the film was not funny and does not stand on it's own. Honestly, the only thing that intrigued me was seeing the cameos from some of the original cast.I will add that if you were thinking you had seen the majority of the movie throughout all of the trailers, various clips, TV spots, etc., you would have been thinking correctly. Sony used all of what they considered to be the best material in all of the promotional releases. Let that be your red flag considering how poor the trailers were.If someone were to ask me if they should go see it, I would say, "No, but if you are curious, just wait for it to become available for Internet streaming."I don't think people will walk away from this movie afraid of ghosts. I imagine they walk away afraid of the movie and more so, the people who thought it was wise to make it in the first place.There is some irony here. Ghostbusters 2016 has literally become a ghost. It was dead on arrival.
평점: 4	리뷰: I went to the cinema with mixed feelings about this movie. I have never been a big Ghostbusters fan, but i really enjoyed the Feig/McCarthy movie Spy, and i hoped that this one would be in the same alley.In some few nuggets of comedy there are moments where you laugh good,but it is a little bit oxymoron that it is Hemsworth that actually provides these moments of comedy gold. Because it is obvious that there is a a political statement in this movies, to the jokes about how stupid men to the end battle where the bad guy gets castrated.This would not bug me so much if the comedy was quality. Unfortunately its not. McKinnon and Jones are good, talentful comedians, but this movie is not right for them. Mainly because they need some more movie-experience to get the timing and body-language that is required by a top-movie, SNL can not provide that before tackling a Blockbuster-production like Ghostbusters. Especially McKinnon suffers here, as she has trouble with finding her own identity in a role that is more than a 5 min sketch on SNL, and her body language is trying to be a Jim Carrey light, without succeeding. In scenes where she is supposed to be in the background, she does strange things that draws the attention from the dialogue of the rest of the crew.McCarthy is comfortable with Feig and they perform much of the same routine as they did in Spy, while Wiig manages to balance her role good enough. However, the big star of this movie is Hemsworth that is the pillar of comedy in this movie. His line and "dumbwitted" acting is perfect for the role.Now, the biggest problem is the lack of a good foundament for the franchise. Feig unfortunately does not dare to go his own way, and the story feel forced to appeal to everyone. Some of the dialogue is also cringe-worthy (the power of patty) and made go into fetal position on the cinema-chair.There is no clear picture of what Ghostbusters want to be, and if a sequel comes, i hope Feig dares to make his own vision clearer in the movie.So to end this review, not good, Hemsworth steals the show and makes it worthwhile.
평점: 7	리뷰: Let me lay the ground clear: I really enjoyed the first two Ghostbusters films and hated all the marketing for this film, and dreaded its existence for some time. I confess I only saw this film because I received free tickets to the premiere. I went in with zero expectations and came out very pleasantly surprised. The new Ghostbusters is pretty damn good. It's (fairly) consistently funny, in unique and inventive ways, and showcases a host of impressive effects. What's great about the film is the writing. Paul Feig is a real natural at comedy, and once more he directs a script layered with witty dialogue. Of course, these are matched by excellent comedic performances. McCarthy does her usual shtick well enough, Kate McKinnon is slightly underused, but is absolutely hilarious, and even Leslie Jones, while a tad one note, proves nonetheless endearing. Kristen Wiig is probably the blandest of the four, yet plays a good straight (wo)man. The real surprise is Chris Hemsworth, who I honestly thought would be terrible in this, from marketing and trailers, but stole all of the best lines as an incredibly daft receptionist. Aside from providing a bit of kibble for gender role reversal, his performance reminded me of Brad Pitt in Burn After Reading, an attractive leading man who totally mocks himself in a comedy role, and it's similarly hilarious. In all, these characters and performances ensure the movie passes it's run time enjoyably. The negatives revolve around a plot that seems to short change a villain to only a few scenes, and culminate in a climax that seemed overlong, albeit capped off by an incredible vortex scene, you'll know it when you see it. Yet even if the plot is lacking in its mechanics somewhat, the movie never takes itself seriously enough (a la Tarzan or Batman vs Superman) for you to really mind. It knows its ridiculous. Another plus is the 3D, which was legitimately well done, a rarity for the medium. To be honest, misogyny debates aside, the marketing for this film was abnormally lacking, it's baffling to me how they reduced a film packed with funny gags to a trailer that was so cringe, but I implore you, if you love the first films, give this flick a chance, I'm sure it'll surprise a lot of people as it did me. Don't hate this movie for the sake of it, especially as I see this thing has a rating of 4.2, that's just plain unfair. If you go looking for fun, undemanding entertainment, that's exactly what you'll get, made with intelligence, wit and verve.
평점: 3	리뷰: Okay,let's begin,Is Ghostbusters a good film? No. Is Ghostbusters a bad film? Kind of. The first 40 minutes or so I considered to be pretty strong, especially the opening 10 minutes which had me wondering if this was actually going to be good!? So the 'first act' I really enjoyed. Not all the characters pop, but those that do really shine. Chris Helmsworth and Kate McKinnon Im looking at you.Sadly, its all down hill from there. There's more horrible cameos than I care to mention and some terrible cringe moments especially when it comes to music choice for the films soundtrack. DMX "Up in in here", the the terrible band in the concert scene and the butchering of the original theme tune would leave me wincing in my seat.I reckon this film will have a fairly average take when it opens in the US this weekend and then disappear in to the bad remake/reboot garbage pile.Ghostbusters 2? I don't think we'll need to worry about this happening.
평점: 1	리뷰: I was unfortunate enough to see an early screening with a friend and... man, this movie isn't bad; it's TERRIBLE. BEYOND TERRIBLE. It's getting mixed to positive reviews, but the people liking this movie are the same people who jumped on-board the feminist "everyone who hates this film is a misogynist" train and they don't even mention anything beyond the parts they cherry-picked to like in the movie. Throughout the hour and a half + movie, the movie made a desperate attempt to be good to the point where it just appeared like they were trying too hard. Much of the humor is forced and most of the jokes are basic and can be seen/guessed even before the scene rolls. At times, it felt cheap and lazy. I thought I was watching a failing SNL parody rather than a good movie.Leslie Jones is another problem; she portrays a stereotypical black woman with an attitude. Yelling? Check. Bitch slapping? Check. Every single stereotype about black woman? Check. Remember Winston Zeddemore from the original film? Was he a stereotypical black man at the time in the 1980s? Nope. Instead, he was an Average Joe who wanted a job and took it at Ghostbusters. Here, Leslie portrays her character in an almost-offensive manner when it comes to playing a stereotypical black woman. It's borderline inappropriate and, had she been a man, this film would've been TRASHED by critics for this portrayal of a character. Also, it's Reverse Sexism in a film. Instead of treating both genders equally, Paul Feig displays men as idiots or assholes. This is true with Hemsworth's character, Kevin, who is the team's secretary. He's completely stupid, clueless and innocent; but mostly stupid. Janine in the original film was a smart, capable woman who had a lot of memorable moments and wasn't portrayed in a sexist, if not really unattractive manner. I almost walked out of the early screening because of how poorly men were portrayed in the film. And, probably, by now, everyone has heard of the atrocious final resolution to the final battle. SPOILER ALERT: SKIP IF YOU WANNA ACTUALLY SEE THIS BURNING DUMPSTER FIRE.The final battle is resolved by shooting Rowan in the dick. That's right; four chicks shoot Rowan in the dick with their proton packs. -.- You probably already know this because of the GIF floating around the inter-webs, but, yeah. That's how the final battle ends; a really sexist approach to finishing the film. It sounds mild, but combine this with the portrayal of Kevin, Bill Murray's cameo and a few other male characters who interact with the main characters and you have a feminist film ready to go.Along with these criticisms come with the really bad script that just acts like imitation crab in the food world; it's just an imitation. In fact, half the plot imitates the original in a distasteful manner that just really turns off Ghostbusters fans. It's unoriginal and it pays little homage to the films. When it does, it does it in lackluster fashion. Like, for example, Stay Puft's official sighting in this film is in parade balloon form, not true marshmallow form. If you were expecting at least one showdown with the destructive Puft himself, think again. He has been replaced by the logo ghost. XD There's so much wrong with this movie, but these things are just a few of them. Thanks Paul Feig for messing Ghosbusters up. I guess Paul's been Busted and it felt good busting' this travesty of a film that will haunt GB fans for generations.PROS: -Chris Hemsworth (For the most part) -Complete relief when the film endedCONS: -Terrible acting -Abismal writing -Huge gaping plot holes (Like the inability to buy the firehouse but the ability to create advanced ghost busting technology and obtain parts and equipment.) -Poor CGI effects -Disrespectful cameos and treatment of original material -Reverse sexist message -A stereotypical caricature of a black woman (Leslie Jones as Patty) -Useless inclusion of Patty into the GB team -Non-existent character chemistry -Disappointing final battle which breaks all GB rules first established in the film -Unmemorable soundtrack -Poor editing -Inappropriate responses to constructive criticism hidden in film -Dull, ineffective, dry forced-humor -Identity crisis (Reboot or Sequel. Choose one, Feig.) -Laughable film effort in generalThis film is BUSTED and busting this travesty of a film makes me feel good; better than good... GREAT.1/10 10/100 1/5 F
평점: 3	리뷰: This movie isn't that good. Granted it does have some good legit funny scenes, but it's pretty terrible. The stupid man trope isn't dying anytime soon and the fact that they killed off Bill Murray and the Stay Puft Marshmallow Man, oh god. Most of the "humor" is references and the CGI looks REALLY terrible. The weapons and action are cute, but the villain is so obvious, you could just have a arrow saying "he's the villain" So to round up, it has some good scenes and I won't mind buying it on DVD, but the fact that it's got bad comedy, CGI, an obvious villain AND the stupid male character trope, that's it's best to not see this movie.Just go watch the original, it's SO much better.
평점: 4	리뷰: Likes : Right first of all this review is not a reflection of the female casting for the film , it an honest & fair review on the film itself..Judge by the trailer i knew something was off about this film, so i went in to watch this film with low expectation so not to be disappointed , i really wanted this film to higher my expectation & come out the cinema impressed with it to say it was good sadly this doesn't i will explain in dislikes.Its so easy to compare the original Ghostbuster film with this film as a few thing in the film pay homage to certain thing from the original, they didn't do a bad job with the cameos of the original cast , two scene with ghost weren't that bad they were kind of creepy just by the nature of their reaction & manor.As for cast Melissa McCarthy & Kristen Wiig really were the only two to stands out with performance , Leslie Jones & Kate McKinnon do there best to bring comedy to the film with the script they are give but too many flaws in this film that complete drags this film down.The only two to really stood out was Chris Hemsworth play the geek dumb guy & Neil Casey who playing the villain in the film, he stood out as the villain creepy off hinge person hell bent of open a portal to destroy the world which if done better would have been a great film but sadly this was poorly done, there is a end credit scene if your will to stay after the credits roll.Dislikes : Where do i start , i was hoping this film would prove me wrong & actually turn out to be a good film instead it was the most pain film I've ever sat through that i almost walked out on. In all honesty this did not feel like a Ghostbusters film due to it lack of story , there were long scene where they just aren't doing anything & testing equipment instead of having scene like they did with the original film going out & capturing ghosts.Where the comedy? ..........Seriously i mean this is meant to be a comedy the joke were just awful this is the major problem this film had, with the original it was funny because the cast bounce off each other with banter, sadly with this casting just didn't work on screen. This casting might be funny on SNL show with short scene but trying to be funny through a whole film just wasn't the right casting , Kristen Wiig is a good actress but she just hasn't got that comedy in her because she more of a serious role actress & Kate McKinnon was seriously uncomfortable to watch it was like she was trying to force the comedy which made it even worst.(spoiler alert) There is a scene where the villain freezes everyone in what look like a dance scene like the mask but never happened thank god but this scene just felt so out of place wasn't necessary for the film, don't get me start on the scene after with the main villain , the film already lost me attention half way through but that scene just killed the film straight way , because it was like something out of a bad who framed roger rabbit scene.Although some scene with the C.G.I were pretty well done, there are moments with seriously bad green scene effects that just look awful on the screen making seriously obvious that it was green scene that complete lost the shoot of the scene realism. The film as whole felt more like a bad cartoon turn to a poorly made film , because the villain at the end as a seriously rip off of the original stay puff just a more creeper version , it just poorly written with a poor concept story that could have been done better, because i mean the film is meant to be about capturing ghost yet the scene in the new York square contradicts everything the film is meant to be portraying which a bad mistake for the film.All i can say to Sony is don't allow Paul Feig to direct another Ghostbusters film ever again, because this was a very lazy poor attempt at revamp the franchise.4 out of 10
평점: 7	리뷰: I am actually amazed at how many people see the 1984 original as one of the best movies of all-time. It's a good fun film with a few laughs, nothing more. In fact, the sequel is probably as the good as its predecessor in my opinion.As for this re-make, many of you know that the build-up and marketing for this film has gone pretty bad to say the least. With every trailer and TV spot not showing much promise and new theme song being ripped to shreds. A lot of people are giving this film so much hate, that they are not even going to see it and give it a chance.I will have to agree that I have not liked what I have seen either. The main things is the comedy, the gags did not make me laugh at all and had me shaking my head. Some of the casting did not give me much promise. When I say casting, I do not mean because they are female. That being said, I went into the screening with an open mind like I do with all my films. And you know what, it was all right.The opening scene brings in you in nicely and gives the film some promise. The early character development is pretty solid and I was found the characters believable in their aims and what they wanting out of this. It moves a long nicely, even with some bits not quite working. I remained keen to see how the film would end and it was a pleasant final act.The main thing going into what is a comedy, is to see whether it will make you laugh. For me, I laughed I would say fairly steadily throughout the film. Yes, some gags did not work, but some did. Thankfully the ones that didn't, did not make me shake my head in disgust. It just did not work for me. The good stuff did make me chuckle, and I was surprised at the amount of movie references it made which pleased me.The writing is probably its strongest positive. It is sharp, it's witty at times and there is a lot of nice science tech talk like I remember the original Ghostbusters having, which I was not expecting.The performances were pretty solid from every department and the chemistry worked fairly well. Melissa McCarthy and Kristen Wiig might not have been stand-outs, but they were certainly solid leads. McCarthy toned down the McCarthy most people associate with her, and we get a good team leader. Kate McKinnon might not have totally fulfilled my hopes from what I saw of her in the trailer. But I still was entertained by her character. She does get a bit over-the-top. But it was a pretty transition from her works on TV. From what I can tell, it is a pretty hard skill to move from TV into film. Everything about Leslie Jones in the trailer was all one note and very annoying, and I did not think she would go anywhere. Amazingly, she is not annoying. Yes, there are moments that would have liked to get rid of. But I thought she felt like a valuable part of the team. I never thought I would actually type that about Leslie Jones.Chris Hemsworth was really funny in it. He definitely has the best gags. They were so silly and random and yet very clever and well delivered. Some are just silly, went too far and did not work. But the majority of them were great. I must mention that there is a lot of cameos in this, and in more ways than one. There are cameos of actors/characters from the original, references to quotes from the film. Some worked well, some didn't, and some were just truly awful. Even at times, they looked forced and it made the film's pace slow down. It is almost as if the studio told them to put one in every 15 minutes. I don't mind there being cameos. However, if they had toned that down a bit, they might have made the film stand alone by itself.But thankfully, it is by far not the worst thing I have seen this year. The story was perfectly fine and felt like a Ghostbusters film. It was well developed, you knew exactly what was going on and it made me interested to see how it would conclude. To those many haters that are boycotting it. Go and see it as it is a solid film, and with it being released in a summer where the big budget films have not lived up to anything, it is certainly one of the more memorable ones.One thing that I certainly was not expecting was how they constructed the end credits. In fact, this could be a landmark moment for how big budget films conduct their credits. Most do fancy graphics for the first portion of the credits, and then the rest is just a black background and rolling text. Ghostbusters managed to make the whole credits segment worth watching. From a visual standpoint, it did something really interesting with the credits, that I hope a lot of future blockbuster films take on board.Speaking of credits, there is a post-credits scene. It is certainly interesting. But I think it is gone down the route of many re-makes, which was a shame. However, I will be intrigued to see where they go with it.Rating: 7/10
평점: 4	리뷰: So this film has been talked about allot recently but I have now seen the new Ghostbusters film and yeah this film isn't very good. The premise sees four women attempt to stop new York from being taken over by ghosts. Melissa McCarthy, Kristen wigg, Kate McKinnon and Leslie Jones are the Ghostbusters and there all alright in this film. I thought they had decent chemistry together and were sometimes funny. Its just I didn't really care about them as individual characters and I didn't think anyone stood out enough to truly care. Chris hemsworth plays Kevin there assistant and he does a good job as the funny bumbling idiot that works well with the girls. Unfortunately, though the villain is just very cliché and over the top making him completely useless and pointless to the plot of this film. The story in the film is incredibly simple and messy. It just has nothing to it, the characters don't develop at all and the main villain plot doesn't make entire sense. The script has some funny dialogue in it, it just never got me truly laughing too much. Also the dramatic moments all feel forced in the film. The style has some cool action scenes with some decent cgi ghosts involved. However, the film is overly long and the pacing of this film is a bit all over the place. Overall I don't think this film is as bad as everyone expected but it isn't worth seeing especially if you are a fan of the material.
평점: 8	리뷰: I'm delighted to say that I loved this film. I may not have the same nostalgic adoration for the original Ghostbusters as so many people, but I was so glad that I could enjoy this as an individual movie, one that proves that Paul Feig and his crew can do almost no wrong, thanks to a hilarious script and great performances throughout.That's the one thing that I want to emphasise about this film: it's more a Paul Feig comedy than a Ghostbusters remake. For over an hour, this film diverts hugely from the 1984 movie, focusing far more on its own characters than simply copying the original beat- for-beat. Also, as a Paul Feig movie, it's absolutely hilarious from start to finish.It might not have the same raunchy humour as Spy and Bridesmaids, but there are still so many laughs throughout Ghostbusters. Given the poor trailers ahead of the film, I expected the impressively funny start to wear off, but I was hugely surprised to find that I was laughing a good few times every minute for about three quarters of this movie, and so was everyone else in the cinema.The comedy in this film is absolutely excellent, without a doubt, and the writers did a fantastic job to make a PG-13 blockbuster so consistently funny. However, the biggest reason why I found this film so hilarious was definitely the performances.Living up to their predecessors fantastically, the lead actresses Kristen Wiig, Melissa McCarthy and Leslie Jones were all very entertaining. However, the real stand-outs from this movie are Chris Hemsworth and Kate McKinnon.Hemsworth, in a relatively small and simple role, is absolutely hilarious every time he's on screen. It's a performance that goes way beyond the bounds of anything he's done before, but he makes what would normally be a pretty repetitive role, playing the brain- dead receptionist, hugely funny, adding an extra level of humour to the film beyond the four leading ladies.But the person who was even funnier than Hemsworth was Kate McKinnon. Throughout the film, I'm certain that she accounted for 90% of the biggest laughs, even having me in tears laughing so hard at one moment. She plays Holtzmann, the bizarre but brilliant scientist, to absolute perfection, with an on-point balance between purely bizarre humour and side-splitting physical comedy, making her the brightest spot at the centre of this hugely funny movie.However, I do have one clear flaw with Ghostbusters: its story. Whilst the comedy was consistently hilarious from start to finish, when the film strays more into action/blockbuster territory, it feels a little two-dimensional and predictable. The action and sci- fi is certainly something the original did far better, and when this film tries to emulate it, it's too much like a retreading of the original, which was disappointing to see.Overall, however, I couldn't help loving this film. Yes, its story may be too similar to the original, but the rest of this film is an example of how to remake a movie. It introduces new characters that take the film in a different direction, and give it its own identity, as a fantastically funny movie with some of the best comedic performances in recent years.
평점: 1	리뷰: Awful but not necessarily for the reason you would expect.Despite some early reviews I've read or watched I didn't find the movie to be anti-male. There was nothing offensively anti-man in it that wasn't something I've already seen before and laughed off a million times. Unfortunately that's part of the problem this movie has with humor creativity. There was nothing there to laugh about.Thankfully Patty Tolan isn't a walking/talking stereotype. They made her a New York City historian instead of a caricature with "street smarts". Sadly, they didn't do her any other favors. Nor were the other characters flushed out at all.Kristen Wiig and Melissa McCarthy play a pair of old friends who re-unite but I never get much of a sense they were anything but aware they were in a movie. They try to riff and play off each other but it kind of falls flat.Kate McKinnon's character stands out the most in this movie. The character just seemed too weird in an unrealistic way. She seemed to try chewing up scenery any time she was on a call sheet, even if she didn't have much to say. She didn't feel like she fit into what was happening.One actress that stood out to me was Cecily Strong. Cecily Strong stood out to me the same way Kristen Wiig first stood out to me in Knocked Up. She only has a very small role in the movie but she's able to be convincing and funny without making it seem like she's in on the joke.The performances weren't bad per se, they were just very underwhelming all-around. As a result, the film itself does not succeed.I did like how the ghosts look in the movie. I also like the choice the filmmakers make at the end regarding the classic logo. However I have to be harsh on this movie because it's a reboot that ultimately did not need to be made.Not only did they attempt to reboot a comedy (tell the same joke twice in a row and see how well it works the second time - comedy is a very very delicate thing and you need to respect the audience) but they went for a movie that originally caught lightning in a bottle. I don't even think Ghostbusters II did enough to justify existing. Maybe the lessons we didn't learn back when the sequel was made are the same lessons we won't learn from the reboot.
평점: 4	리뷰: This movie is flawed and utterly biased towards sexism. And example of one the flaws is that they describe the proton packs on this movie (and the previous) as a weapon made to contain ghosts, so they can be trapped. So, in no shape or form, it has the ability to kill them. As you can see, they throw that canon piece of logic out the window as soon as you get to the "big fight scene". That utterly looks like four people fighting with a green screen behind them.And biased. All male characters are depicted as inept, dumb, aggressive and very poor at their jobs. Every single one of them. Sure, you can sprinkle it here and there for comedic effect, but that was not the director choice on this movie. It makes it look like a man bashing film, because it "kinda" is. The only exception they made was the villain, and even so... let's just say he's not the sharpest tool in the shed. It is so man hating, the final scene, who was already spoiled on the trailers, so no spoiler warning here, the way they defeat him is a proton pack to the crotch. Yeh, let's talk about emasculating moves.About the characters. They are four fine actresses, and I love their work on previous gigs (SNL, for instance). So much so, the movie itself almost looks like a hour long skit. They didn't mesh well, and it showed, time and time again. Maybe because they were made so cartooney, all suspension or disbelief of reality were just impossible to reach. I have to point out the work of Leslie Jones, tho. She played the role of the token black women, and all they said to her was "be the loud, in your face, cliché, over the top black woman you can be"... and she delivered. Is that funny? For the first 30 seconds. After that? No. And the "male Janine". Yep, Thor. That was introduced as eye candy for women. And they empathize that. He was hilarious, almost the saving grace of this movie. But, if the roles were reversed, feminists would cry foul, and they'd be right. That's your logic right there. Regardless, we always knew Chris Hemsworth was capable of a comedic role in his bag of tricks, he just proved he was capable of that with a very poor written script.The cameos were also almost the saving grace of the movie... until you realize they were there to pull the heart strings of fans to go see it. But, the way they were written in, they could have been done by anyone else. It's almost like the ex you were terribly in love with, wanted to spend the rest of your life with, but things ended, and badly. And now you fail to acknowledge them when you walk pass them on the street. Yeh, a smile, a nod, two or three words, but nothing to remember in the end of the day.But i'll give 5 stars on this movie on one aspect. The cringe factor. I wont say details, I'll save the surprise for when you see it (or don't see it), but they went the extra mile by not going the mile, so the cringe is there, and it's real.I could really go on and nitpick on everything that is wrong on this movie, on screen, and out of it. The list, sadly, is long, and the reasons are well based. It's a shame what the movie is and ended up as being, and for the longest time I hoped that all the bad publicity they were festering were just a publicity stunt. You know, a big joke and the punchline was actually a watchable, fun, blockbuster movie. What they presented... was a ghost shaped turd with a bow.
평점: 7	리뷰: It's hard not to review the Ghostbusters reboot without commenting on the animosity that the marketing for the movie has received before its release. I totally accept that it's a tough job to effectively remake a classic film that's beloved by so many people (including myself) but I went into the cinema on opening night with an open mind and reasonably neutral expectations.The film is essentially a modern remake/reboot of the original 1980's comedy classic, only this time the lead cast are all female. It's really refreshing to see an almost completely female driven Hollywood blockbuster with varied, interesting, likable and often very funny women. The chemistry between the four leads is palpable but Kate McKinnon steals the show as kooky and ingenious scientist Jillian Holtzmann. I was, however, disappointed to see that the feminism in the film has gone so far as to have all male characters as either completely stupid or evil. Chris Hemsworth plays a male version of the stereotypical blond bimbo. He's actually often very funny and clearly looks like he enjoyed every minute filming his part. However, I would have welcomed at least one intelligent and rounded male character.Technically, the 3D effects are excellent with some clever use of letter-boxing; the visual effects are adequate and the score and soundtrack is lively with perhaps an excessive use of covers of the original Ghostbusters theme song.I had a lot of fun with Ghostbusters, the laughs come fast enough and the cast chemistry holds proceedings together. There's a dip in pace in the middle act due to the thin plot but things pick up again quickly for a rousing finale. I know many of you will have a concern that this movie will destroy a classic. Honestly, it won't. It's not exceptional but it's lots of fun and worthy of your time.7/10
평점: 7	리뷰: Firstly I have to say.......I was dreading this movie but I thought I would give it the benefit of doubt. The result? WOW, I was really surprised! The trailers really did it no justice whatsoever. They were shocking in fact. Today I walked into the cinema with an open mind. What happened for the next 2 hours? I laughed! MY GOD did I laugh. This was brilliant. The characters were brilliant. Kate McKinnon was beyond quirky. She really made it for me. The rest of the cast (including the cameos) were all great but Kate really knocked the ball out of the court. Okay, so the special effects could have been more dark, more scary but some scenes I felt certainly portrayed a disturbing side which at the same time were visually joyful to watch. This really felt like a ghostbusters movie. All the throwbacks gave me the feeling of nostalgia, not directly connected to the original but it works in its own way. It's a really worthy reboot that deserves all the best reviews it can get. Why? Because you WILL leave the cinema with a HUGE smile on your face. Yes I would have liked to see a continuation of the original but I would rather have this than have nothing at all because none of the cast would get together to make a handover movie that they were all 100% pleased with. It could have worked. It still could. It just wasn't meant to be right now, then this gem came along. Forever Ghostbusters will remain a favourite of mine. This here is something else. It's a new reboot in its own right and it will please a few old and an entirely new audience. Go see this and make up your own mind but I think it deserves its 10 out of 10
평점: 10	리뷰: I enjoyed Spy.. I also loved The Heat and Bridesmaids. So I am not another one of those men who hates leading women or can't think they are funny.I paid extra to watch it in 3D and the Dbox (the seat that moves with the action). It still wasn't enough to save the movie. I am not a hater. I obviously paid my hard earned money in order to be entertained. Chris Hemsworth saved the movie. I just find it ironic that it took a man, who is not even a comedian to get all the laughs in the movie. But the 4 leading women did not get any laughs from the audience. The effects were top notch and I enjoyed the action sequences and my rumbling D-box and 3D gimmicks made up for the bad movie that it was. If I watched it in 2D, there would be no saving it. Kristen Wiig was genuinely good in this movie and brought some heart and emotion to the character. She was doing her best to do a good job, but the rest of the actresses seemed to be trying so hard to be funny and quirky and it just came off as lame and ultra cringe. The biggest offender of this was Kate McKinnon - she was trying WAY too hard to be funny and quirky. It seemed so forced.Nothing about the movie felt epic or larger than life. Nobody in the theater laughed at any of the ladies trying to be funny, but they laughed at Chris Hemsworth's character, who was genuinely funny. My biggest gripe; Every man in this movie is portrayed in this movie as incompetent, a creep, or dumb. There is not a single male character in here that a young boy can look up to. Yet another disturbing trend on today's culture where people feel a need to make men look bad in order to elevate women. You know its possible to show strong, independent women without having to put men down.
평점: 8	리뷰: Are you afraid of ghosts? I suppose most people would be, but lately it seems that people are much more afraid of reboots, less like reboots and more like big hobnailed boots stomping over beloved memories. 'Ghostbusters' main mistake was a rather unfunny first trailer that suggested that Paul Feig and Melissa McCarthy's team up magic had finally spluttered out. The second trailer was much better, but once the naysayers had grabbed on to the first they were NOT letting go, no siree! So the good news for Feig fans is that 'Ghostbusters' in 2016 is almost as enjoyable as the original. A definite reboot and not a sequel, it nonetheless acknowledges the original with some nice touches and a few well placed cameos that serve to pass the baton. Everyone was well aware that they had some pretty huge shows to fill, and obviously put a lot of work in, with the end result a well acted, well written and technically impressive whole.Our four Ghostbusters are equipped with the scariest things known to misogynist muppets – female genitalia! They also come equipped with four actual personalities that are very well realized by the actresses concerned. Standout is Kate McKinnon, who seems to be channelling Tank Girl (wait for THAT to be offered very soon) as a very quirky genius, her marvellous face lighting up the screen as the characters weirdness is allowed to play around on it. Melissa McCarthy is quite restrained compared to her other roles with Feig but does her usual stand up job, with Kristen Wiig the sensible one who seems to have been possessed by Jennifer Aniston. Leslie Jones plays the only non scientist in the crew, but comes armed with a prodigious knowledge of New York and a bagful of sass. The icing on top is Chris Hemsworth, who plays their thick as a donut receptionist, showing a nice talent for comedy whilst he does it.The special effects are what you'd expect from a big budget film today, and the ghosts all look terrific. There's a return for a couple of non human characters that will delight some, and may even bring smiles from the grumpy gits. Children will certainly have a few scares (as in the original), and the script allows for jumps and laughs equally well. Much like the original it has an action finale that by necessity ramps down the humour but even so gives you plenty to cheer for and chuckle at.So 'Ghostbusters' is a really good film. There: I said it. I'm happy to slate a film if I don't like it (I walked out of the godawful new Ice Age film last week) but for most of this I had a goofy smile on my face and gave a few decent belly laughs. The female switch doesn't matter one jot, it only allows you to see four awesome actresses rather than actors. It's wonderful that once again bustin' makes me feel goooood.
평점: 8	리뷰: Look, this film isn't replacing or trying to replace the original. If anything, it felt like a tribute. I love the originals (have the merchandise and watch them regularly now) and I loved this. The main cast is funny, the nods to the original bring back the nostalgia and I don't think it was trying to be anything more than it was - a funny, great CGI, fun film.As for those who say it's 'man hating' - get a grip. Women taking the lead in a film is a good thing, stop being to misogynistic. I rarely wrote reviews, but to put this article 3.5/10 is ridiculous. It's a good film.
평점: 10	리뷰: this effort of bringing Feigs vision of ghostbusters in 3d was excellent the best 3d movie I have ever seen surpasses that dreadful jaws 3d from the 80's plus many others that failed but with this it was exactly that the director pictured it when he said that some of it drops over the bottom black bar on the screen and it did and heroes of the hour went to Kristen Wiig and Kate Mckinnon for their action performances to say this film was contrived by certain fans via the media but on the whole I have watched the hell out of it twice in a week and I still enjoyed it and Melissa McCarthy and Leslie Jones didn't surprise me and Chris Hemsworth rocked it and Neil Casey had an wild ride playing the main villain but all that bad karma towards the fans by shunting them with hidden jokes and abuse towards the no ghost and stay puft balloon by hitting them in the private areas could have left out but on the whole it was great but a shame to the poor turnout thouFRANKIE HOLTZMANN SMALESSMALES TV UK-HOST
평점: 2	리뷰: The only good thing is Chris Hemsworth. His performance is hilarious but it feels like you drop a cookie into a bucket of spam, mix it all up and then try to eat it. It will still be bad. Its really a shame because I like all of the people involve. But what is this movie even trying to be? The original was an action-comedy whit a little bit spooky on the side. All this remake consists of are unfunny jokes, bad chemistry between the cast, a boring plain villain and truly and utterly abysmal cgi. How can the special effects look worse than the original? If you are going to film everything in front of green screen anyway why even bother with real actors? And don't even get me started about the token black girl. Why is she the embodiment of every racial stereotype about black women? With all the ''a hell naw''s and ''mmmh-hmmm''s? A truly terrible experience.
평점: 8	리뷰: This film is fun! The four leads do some amazing work and there is some true emotion behind all the comedy. The creative minds behind this film obviously love and respect the original and this shines through in some of the more 'fan-servicey' moments. The villain is not incredibly developed but he is still highly interesting, especially when you consider the fact that he begins as a human and becomes a ghost (a twist on the other Ghostbuster baddies, who begin as ghosts and posses people/find human followers). Paul Fieg makes sure that all four women shine together, making their friendship a pivotal part of the narrative. In fact, by the end of the movie, they feel more like a family than a group of co- workers. And seeing them fire up the proton packs for the first time, truly made me feel warm inside. This film is nostalgic yet fresh, funny yet heart felt and a true summer flick. I highly recommend it! Also Chris Hemsworth is amazing!
평점: 4	리뷰: Had to go see this since the film had a press blackout, so I, like everyone else paid out too spare you all the pain and money, this film is not good, in truth, it's bad.I really did want to think this would be good, but 4 out of 10 is the most I can give it, the music score by Theodore Shapiro is good, the sound and visual production design are good too, Chris Hemsworth is the only good person in this film, all the good jokes come from him, so there are none really, and this is a comedy?? It's really sad that good talent in film making is wasted on crap like this, behind the scenes that is, but in front of the camera, there is little, some of the worst characters I have seen in in years, horrible and crude, the costume design is a real let down I have to say, only Kirsten Wigs high heels looked good.Thinking of starting a Kickstarter project to get everyone who paid to see this their money back.Avoid this, sorry, I just can say anything else but the truth on this film.
평점: 1	리뷰: I went into this movie with an open mind hoping that it would not be as bad as the trailers and TV spots suggest. It is. I really wanted this movie to surprise me, to make me laugh to make me care for the characters and have some investment in the story, but it failed to achieve any of that. What I saw was a two hour mess of a movie. An unfunny, poorly written, poorly edited, contrived cash-in on a beloved classic which has some of the poorest dialogue and worst performances I've seen in a while. The computer generated effects were like something out of a live action Disney picture. The music, in particular the theme tune was uninspiring and added no impact or energy to the movie. I honestly can't think of any redeeming qualities that this film has. After waiting so long for a new Ghostbusters film this comes as a major disappointment. Some things are just best left alone.
평점: 2	리뷰: I had high hopes for this movie after seeing the backlash against an all-female cast making headlines. But hopes don't make up for flat jokes, forced acting performances and a movie that ultimately takes a very unflattering view of its own fans.The original Ghostbusters movies were marvels of dry wit in comedy. The actors were portrayed very much as a bunch of blue-collar bums, out of their element, and trying to make the best of situations in awkward, and often-times hilarious ways. Every gag shot, for example the classic scene in the elevator when Ray's proton pack is switched on for the first time only to see Venkman and Igon shuffle eerily into the corner away from him as the pack whistles to life is the stuff that belly-laughs are made of. It was dry humor, witty and sharp, and it just clicked. It was simple but sophisticated, and done to a tee by masterful actors.This movie by comparison has all the subtle intelligence in its humor of a Saturday morning cartoon strip. The jokes fell so flat in most cases that it was painful. If the original movies were Calvin and Hobbes, GB2016 is Gasoline Alley. The plot is poor and fairly predictable, with many nonsensical decisions by the cast, and in particular the villain, being directed, I felt, more as backlash against the film's Internet haters than made to produce a quality product. I gave the film a shot because I wanted to see what a female cast of talented comedians could bring to the Ghostbusters universe, in what I had hoped would be a piece at least comparable to the originals. From the absolutely terrible script and stale humor to the cartoonish and utterly unintimidating CGI, it failed.Ultimately, the film also failed the one true test of a good movie: When I walked out of the theatre at the end and thought back on the last couple hours of my life, I did not feel like like the ticket or my time had been well spent. See something else, folks.
평점: 3	리뷰: Just got back from an advance screening, and not that anyone cares what I think, but if I had one piece of advice for anyone considering whether or not to go see the new Ghostbusters film, it is that the trailers are extremely indicative of the final film. So if you thought the trailers looked good and were funny, you'll more than likely enjoy the film, so have at it. If, however, you didn't like what you saw, I'd suggest not wasting your money, because what you saw is very much what you get. There's no surprises here, folks, the trailers are the film. For better or for worse, depending on your point of view. And don't believe anyone who tries to tell you otherwise.Now personally, I was never all that invested in either side of any of the various arguments or debates that flared up during production, it was just another reboot to me. Hollywood is going to keep pumping them out, so not much point screaming into the wind about it, at least in my view. Instead I just don't bother going to see most of them, unless they actually do show some definite promise, which, sadly, is all too rare these days. And I'm sure no one needs me to point out how poor most remakes actually are, either. In fact, to be honest, I probably would have skipped this one, too, had I not gotten a free invite courtesy of a theatre manager friend of mine to see it. A free film is a free film, and I'd be lying if I said I wasn't at least curious, so off I went.So what did I think? Without going into spoilers, I think it's an underwhelming paint-by-numbers mediocrity that will more than likely be largely forgotten about as soon as it is out of theatres, regardless of how much money it does or doesn't make, or what controversies were drummed up beforehand. Neither terrible enough to create too much of a post release backlash, nor good enough to do a very good job of actually providing much in the way of actual entertainment, mostly I just found it rather flat, terribly uninspired, and exceedingly dull. I didn't care about or connect with any of the characters, the story is an ill-fitting frankensteining of old and new, which often don't sit well together, and the callbacks are mostly done in such a pandering way that they actually start to become irritating distractions. To me, it wasn't quite the train wreck that many predicted (and some even hoped for), it's more like the cinematic equivalent of a flat tire, rapidly losing air, making a lot of noise, but really going nowhere fast.Will it make money? Probably. Will it deserve to, in my opinion, not really. Unfortunately it's just another half-cooked slice of Hollywood laziness. Yet another charmless, aimless, factory remake to add to the pile marked mediocrity. Those in attendance at the screening were mostly pretty muted on the way out, as well, so I don't think my view is too far out on a limb here, and I just can't see word of mouth being very positive or giving this much of a boost in the long run. It was just a bit of a non event, really. Rarely managing to be even moderately amusing, and utterly underwhelming overall. Or it was to these eyes, anyway.I'm sure many other people will have many other views, that's just mine.Oh, and just a heads up, but if you do go see the film, you might want to stick through the end credits as well, as there's an added scene at the end.
평점: 3	리뷰: I only went to see this film as I had free tickets and even then I wasn't sure about going. I was a fan of the original film, but was not sure this would work with a female cast. I also have never been a fan of Melissa McCarthy. However, I have to say I really enjoyed it. I thought Kate McKinnon was particularly funny, but for me it was Chris Hemsworth who really stole the show. The visual effects were not the greatest I have ever seen, but I don't think this particularly mattered. The cameos from previous actors were a good addition. All in all I was really pleasantly surprised. My tip would be to stay right to the end to see the footage after the trailers.
평점: 1	리뷰: I was rather interested to see a female lead Ghostbusters... There, I said it. I'll admit I had reservations but thought it could be interesting.That all went down the drain when I heard how Sony's Amy Pascal and Feig were bullying the old cast and driving false ideology into the film, still, I thought the cast seems good, Kate's a pretty funny girl.I saw it earlier today and left pretty depressed, I can't believe Feig took some of the funnier women in the business and pulled them down. The movie just... wasn't... funny! At all!The effects, people have been harsh since the first trailer, whilst they are by no means bad, there aren't good either, like a mid- 2000's TV show.The cameos are also forced and feel really out of place, Bill visibly doesn't want to be there and most of the other men in the film are portrayed as idiots bar Chris's character.The story is a mild rehash of the original and it doesn't help itself that it somehow makes the story awful. I won't spoil it but the ending is complete and utter garbage, showing the world that Kevin Feig and Amy Pasal are nothing but colossal sexists.I'll be flying back to the states tomorrow after spending some... Quality family time, watching this train wreck unfold on the big screen. You can be damn sure I'll let people know just how bad this was. It was an insult to the original cast and crew and damages the reputation of the great new cast and I feel sorry they agreed to help make this film.I think we can all hope this ends Feig's career.
평점: 1	리뷰: I would have given this film a zero, but it doesn't allow comments unless you give at least one star! Ignore Rotten tomatoes assessment. I tried to post my review of ghostbusters, but for some reason my negative reviewed could not post! Funny how positive reviews are allowed though!The levels of sexism in this film are staggering. All the way through not a single male character is portrayed in a positive light! And don't get me wrong I LOVED bridesmaids, enjoyed Spy, and there are many many films with strong female characters. But somewhere along the way Paul Feig has decided that men are the bad guys and he MUST downplay them / denegrate them at all times. Even the boss is destroyed in a way that makes men feel uncomfortable.Now ALL of this could be forgiven IF it was a half decent movie, however it fails there as well!It has many cameo, but they are there simply for the sake, they add nothing to the film and if anything break the flow. I'm not a massive fanboy of the original - I enjoyed it, but not a massive fan. But this is unmitigated garbage. There is NOTHING to recommend this movie!As the title says - AVOID LIKE THE PLAGUE.
평점: 1	리뷰: In the 80's GB was huge! It had subtle humor, great quips and one liners. And even some scary scenes! It was played straight and serious and the guy's weren't in on the joke.This film misses that point entirely! The Ghostbusters are in on the joke. Between Patty screaming most of her lines in an attempt to be funny. Making the males dimwits! (Poor Hemsworth) and the ridiculous dancing number by the cops in the later part of the film, and overall cheesy slapstick humor, with outdated references and blatant sexual jokes. You can't tell who this film is geared too. Not kids. Not the adults who grew up with it. Not current teens? Who?You also have the unoriginal concept of the Ghost Logo being a villain, and false nostalgia draw in of having the original GB's come back as cameo's that are NOT even their characters (Even having Ray be corrected on the Who you gonna call bit?) This was a nightmare!They even hint at Zull for a sequel just to keep pushing forward the lack of original thought in this film. Let's not get into the although brief scene in the film of Slimette. You know so Slimer can have a spin off! Maybe with wife and kids! Wait for Redbox or Netflix IMO!
평점: 1	리뷰: Decided to go and check ghostbusters out today to see if all the hate is warranted and I think it's safe to say that the hate really is warranted !! Never seen so much sexism and racism in a family friendly movie. Not once did I laugh in the movie and not once did it shock me with its it cartoony CGI ... I paid 4 quid to watch this and I feel like I've been ripped off !! disgrace of a movie. I strongly recommend avoiding this film at all costs !!! The cameos were the best bit only just to see the old crew on screen again ! But other than that this film is a stinker and derseves the hate ...4 quid a ticket. And I feel ripped off. That's how bad this film really was ! Even my son did t like it and he loved the originals and he's only 12 .
평점: 1	리뷰: Boy was this disappointing. I seriously can't believe they rebooted another classic franchise, and not only that, but it was insulting and terrible. Not to mention the politics behind it.Just couldn't enjoy it. Oh, and the special effects and acting was really poor. Lots of hamfisted and "quirky" jokes too that just weren't funny. Not intelligent humor. Kids might like it, I guess.Even the plot was just a rehash, and they didn't even do the ghosts right.I don't know why they didn't just go with practical effects rather than CGI. The ghost ended up being a pretty big guy, and actually I was discussing this film with someone after and when I brought up the ghost they said "for you" and I didn't really get it. Overall it's just completely lacking the charm of the original and feels like a cheap politically motivated Hollywood cash in.
평점: 1	리뷰: First off this film comes off like the people involved are trying to prove something to serve some sort of agenda. Like, "look, it worked before and we can do it too."With that being said, that may be the biggest downfall of this movie.If you removed all of the Ghostbusters imagery, no one in their right mind would ever consider this a Ghostbusters movie. This is a generic rehash of the classic formula used as a tool to say "we can do it too."It doesn't work. Instead of being all powerful to the female audience, it ends up falling into the abyss of people saying "I told you so."I actually saw people in the theater shaking their heads during the movie. It was awful.There were a few laughs here and there but most of those came from young children laughing at the fat flops and fall downs.I was a bit insulted with the movie and it's constant ignorant view on men.The special effects were a cartoon mindless mess. I'm guessing they were targeting this towards young children, but PG-13 states otherwise.If their agenda was to empower women, they failed miserably. If you want to empower women, come up with your own idea instead of living in the shadows of a successful franchise created by men. You are just mocking yourselves at this point.The story lacked greatly, in fact, there really wasn't one. This is just a rehash of what we remember from the 80's.The whole movie comes across like a group a fans are "playing" Ghostbuster instead of being one.The cameos were meh. It was cool to see a Ramis statue and Sigourney AFTER the credits rolled, but the cameos played no part in the movie.I walked away learning that Sony used this film as a huge advertising platform. The product placement is just INSANE. The movie plays out like one gigantic commercial for Saturday Night Live. That humor may work well for 3 minutes, but this movie was too long to begin with. Blah.Hemsworth was a saving grace and this is coming from a guy. But even then, he and every other male in the movie were made out to be idiots. God forbid men have feelings too and have every right to call out sexism when we see it.The movie was horrible. This just goes to show you that the powers of the studios and their money can market something intensely in an attempt to make a buck and the product is horrible. It's like they think we are stupid or something.Regret seeing it. Wait for Netflix if you are really that curious, or just check out reviews on YouTube. Those have more humor in them than the movie.
평점: 8	리뷰: Rebooted with an all female lead cast, Ghostbusters is a remake of the 1984 original and is about a group of scientists who believe in ghosts and use their intellect to stop someone from unleashing the paranormal world upon the human world. Now we all saw the trailers, we all saw that dislike ratio (the most disliked trailer on YouTube) and we all saw the negative comments. I can't lie, I did walk into this film hoping it was going to be bad...but it wasn't. Not only was it good, it was actually the most fun I've had this whole summer season of blockbusters. Straight up this is a great cast, the Ghostbusting team have such great chemistry (especially Kristen Wiig, who I am a massive fan of, and Kate McKinnon), Chris Hemsworth was surprisingly funny and even the many cameos from the original. Speaking of cameos, there are a lot of easter eggs in this film that link to the original which many fans will enjoy. I've now come to realise anything director Paul Feig (Bridesmaids and Spy) does, it's just going to be great. The direction was great, the script was funny and the characters had depth. The visuals for the paranormal entities looked superb and the effects for the proton guns looked very similar to the original, which was a nice touch. The villain in the film was underdeveloped and weak but this is only a minor setback. Overall, this is a solid entertaining reboot with a great cast and a funny script that will delight newcomers and fans alike.Review at: http://www.themoviediorama.com
평점: 3	리뷰: You have heard all the...buzz about this movie. Abysmal reactions, much hated trailer, and harsh responses by the studio. Pretty much saying that everyone who hates this movie is misogynist is a great defense for themselves. That way, they can blame all those stupid people and won't have to ask themselves whether they maybe simply messed up, big time. It's not about the female cast! It's the fact that this remake was unnecessary. And I can imagine guys sitting at a meeting going "Guys, we need a summer movie for 2016. Any ideas?" "Yeah! Remember Ghostbusters? 30 years ago, that one was a smash hit, and people still love it" "Cool. So there is our idea" "Uhmmm, should we maybe try something new inste..." "Shut up, dude, we are up to something. So what do we do with GB?" "Uhmmm... well, let's replace the cast with all females. That will be enough of a change so that people will accept this simple remake" "Genius, man! Something else?" "Yeah, well, the people loved the mixture of a bit of scariness with some humor by these former SNL guys..." "Cool. But let's add more jokes. Funny stuff, you know? Slapstick and such! FUnny hats! B*tch-slapping someone! Neurotic big city humor!" "Awesome. Now that we have the plot, let's get going".The point is - it's not about the Ghostbusters suddenly all being female. They could have replaced them with aliens, kids, cats, wrestlers or iguanas. None of that would have been a cool idea, or a refreshing change, or a justification to simply remake a film people loved, but make it worse.It saddens me how Hollywood is so out of ideas that they either make too many unnecessary remakes or too many sequels (which feel tired and out of ideas eventually). This movie is not funny. Those jokes might work in SNL, but feel cliché, old, unfunny and embarrassing in a triple A-budget movie. The jokes are predictable, and totally ancient. The characters are tired clichés. The CGI is nothing special. There are plot-holes so big, the Marshmallow man could walk through them without touching the edges. The final battle and the...tactic is embarrassing. I mean, they call fans misogynistic but the big battle is the four ladies shooting the baddie in the crotch? Seriously? Who fought this was FUNNY? Remakes are hard. You need to have a good reason, a "hookline", other than "let's squeeze more money out of an idea a guy had 30 years ago". Why not let the original movie stand for itself? Why not leave it alone, instead of staining it's legacy with a jerkish, unfunny, badly directed, badly written, bursting at the seams with cliché embarrassing remake, even giving it the same name? Yeah, the guys at the studio can keep defending themselves everyone calling everyone who dislikes it misogynists. That way, they don't have to look at the silly, half-cooked mess they created and ask themselves whether this just wasn't a bad idea from the start, and was badly executed. This is just sad.
평점: 1	리뷰: I wish the movie had just gone for Sharknado or The Room levels of bad, then it could have been so bad it's good. I wish that Sony didn't pay the original cast to lie about the quality of the movie, instead I wish they had gone the extra mile and used practical effects and clay animation for the ghosts. No. Spoiler, this is a cash-grab reboot, pure and simple. The actresses do their best, but there's no compensating for just bad writing. The comedy comes off as several bad Saturday Night Live skits rather than the circumstantial, organic comedy found in the original. Overall, the movie wasn't that bad. It was something worse. It was mediocre, and that's probably the most unforgivable thing your movie can be.
평점: 1	리뷰: I've never seen the original Ghostbusters films, so I went into watching this with quite an open mind. It ended up being incredibly disappointing though, the CGI was terrible and reminded me of the early 2000s live action Scooby Doo films, the girls, who I'd imagine are funny in their own right, seemed to have absolutely zero chemistry between them and oddly enough Chris Hemsworth's character Kevin ended up being the most funny aspect of the film. That's just my personal opinion however. My boyfriend who I went to see the film with whispered to me 'this is awful,' half way through and he revealed to me that he had felt ashamed while watching the film. I went because he guaranteed me it was going to be enjoyable and I think it didn't take long until he realised that the movie was a disappointment.
평점: 8	리뷰: The anti-feminist one star reviews on here BEFORE THE FILM OPENED are just sad and pathetic. I'm 35 and love the original Ghostbusters movies and I loved this reboot too.No it will never match up to the Ackroyd/Murray films but on its own terms its very, very funny, creepy in places, great new characters and it's FUN. You will not see a more fun movie this year.The basic premise is that a sad loner who hates women (sound familiar?) tries to raise ghosts in New York to bring about the apocalypse. Struggling scientist Kristen Wiig gets fired from her prestigious job on the eve of a promotion and finds herself investigating a haunting with her old pal Melissa McCarthy. Tagging along for the ride is genius/nutjob engineer Kate McKinnon and wise- cracking subway worker Leslie Jones. Together they must foil said nerd's plan while trying to train hopeless man-bimbo receptionist Chris Hemsworth (who gets some of the biggest laughs in the movie).The plot is ABC but the real joy comes from the interaction with the characters; some of the funniest stuff since Paul Feig's last movie Spy (and Bridesmaids). There are numerous - though sadly brief - cameos from the old cast and plenty of cool new gadgets. My only real qualm was the overly CGI climax but even that was entertaining as hell. Highly recommended. When that opening Ghostbusters beat kicks in it makes you feel 10 years old again :)
평점: 4	리뷰: The new Ghostbusters is a troubled movie. It can't possibly hold up to the 80s classic, but at the same time it can't possibly be as bad as many predicted (or indeed wanted) it to be. On the plus side, it's no Fant4stic. On the other hand, it's simply not good enough to be above average. Feig gives it a fair shot but only succeeds in showing that he's really not cut out for directing a big blockbuster. If you are in two minds as to see this movie, don't worry you already have. The Entire Plot of the Movie is revealed in the trailers and TV Spots, from the Library opening to the ball blasting climax. Where the original Ghostbusters was filmed, and works, as an actual horror film, this is more Scooby-Doo, played for laughs rather than chills. And that's its main failing. It's played For laughs. The original cast played their characters totally straight. The new cast almost nods and winks through the fourth wall as if to say "Hey, isn't this funny?"Melissa McCarthy is, once again, Melissa McCarthy, although not as much Melissa McCarthy as her recent disappointing solo outings. Her one joke schtick is already passed its sell by date, and even though she works best under Feig's direction, there's no sign here of her expanding beyond the "I'm fat and obnoxious" level of comedy. Kristen Wiig is actually on paper the central character, but her character is so bland she has very little to make her stand out, and is reduced to the straight man for McCarthy and Jones' shouting and slapstick. Kate McKinnon is a comedian/actor I'm unfamiliar with. In the UK we don't get SNL so this was my first take on her. She plays Zany very well. The problem is once it's established she's "the Zany One" you know exactly what she's going to do. Leslie Jones' character is by no means the "token black", like Ernie Hudson, but her performance is So over the top and cartoony (I almost expected her to scream "A g g g GHOST! ZOIKS!" before running away after pedalling her legs in mid-air with a DL-DL-DL-DL sound effect), so obnoxious and so ridiculously, stereotypical "Shouty Black Woman" that even a racist would say "Steady on". Rounding out the team is Chris Hemsworth, showing once again he can pull off comedy, if in small doses. Although completely over the top, the few genuine laughs I had watching this film was from Thor in Father Dougal mode. However, even this started to wear thin after you realised "He's dumb" was the one joke the character served. There's also a nefarious bad guy played by Neal Casey, but his role is so sidelined it's more or less blink and you miss it. Overall the movie is a disjointed mess, with brief glimpses of a good film trying to get out. The library opening works well and is genuinely fun, but the movie drags after that, with a series of flat joyless comedy sketches, that appear to be largely improvised. The climactic battle in Times Square is where Feig's failings as a director come to the fore. He is well out of his depth in a big FX heavy action movie. The battles with the ghosts and the final conflict at the portal are painfully obviously green screen, and the actors' "Look out! There's nothing there!" reactions kill any believability, and wrench you right out of the movie. The SFX/cgi by itself isn't really all that bad, it just seems over done and already a little out of date, like you're watching a film from 5 or 10 years ago. In the end the movie falls flat because it simply tries too hard. It tries too hard to be funny, so there's no wit or charm of the original. It even tries too hard at being respectful to the original Ghostbusters, as every reference brings everything to a halt, not letting the film just be it's own thing, and makes you wish you could just see Ghostbusters 3. All the males - ALL - are either idiots or insufferably condescending douchebags, or a mixture of both. So much so that I think this is an insult to female heroes. What kind of message does the movie project? That women can only be capable if the men are total F#wits in comparison? Then In the end the team blast the giant Ghostbusters logo In The Dick! Symbolically emasculating the Ghostbusters. I could only take that as a giant "F# You!" to the fans who have criticised this project that Sony studios have beaten to a bloody pulp from the original Ghostbusters 3 concept. As to whether they will be granted this franchise depends on the box office. Personally I can't see this movie being anything other than a moderate success. With a budget of over $140 million it may clear pass this post, but I doubt it will surpass it, justifying a sequel and spin offs. On top of that, the promotion and producers and even some of the cast have already alienated the fans they were relying to flood the cinema seats with nostalgia, and the movie itself does nothing to heal any wounds (one scene even blatantly thumbs its nose at online critics, making this film unique in that it actually acts like a bit of a dick to its intended audience). If you are a 1984 Ghostbusters fan you are going to range from being indifferent to outright hating this movie. If you're an average film goer you'll probably be mildly entertained, a good little laugh, but afterwards totally forget what the fuss was all about with no real outstanding memory, like all of Feig's films.
평점: 2	리뷰: OK firstly I just want to say that yes I am a massive fan of the original movies, but this is in no way a 'fanboy over reaction' as some critics have shouted,this has nothing to do with the fact that 4 females play the lead and nor am I a 'Troll'. This is MY genuine review of MY experience of ghostbusters 2016, there will be comparisons to GB84 but what do you expect when you remake a movie?The movie actually starts off OK, within the first 10 - 15 minutes I thought that this could have promise, but that sharp fizzled out. I went into the cinema with low expectations after seeing the trailers, however I was open minded and hopeful after reading an early review. Reviews at this stage are mostly favorable, well I can tell you now in my eyes (and most others) they are wrong.Despite a relatively strong cast on paper with the exception of Melissa McCarthy who plays.. well Melissa McCarthy in every movie. The movie was poorly written, no character development with a villain straight out of Scooby Doo /Beethoven the 8th/ Home alone 57 (Yes that bad) and CGI that rivals it. Kristen Wiig who I have found funny in other movies just didn't seem convincing and her ogling over the 'dumb but hot' secretary was funny at first but grew old, Kate McKinnon was OK, but again probably just over done, Leslie Jones served a purpose as the knowledge of the city, and with the exception of a few bad lines wasn't too bad, but i'd say the acting overall was below par and the comedy was well... not that funny, it seemed like a dress rehearsal, there was no chemistry, it was forced,and seemed as though they hopelessly fishing for laughs to distract from such a mediocre script.The beauty of 1984 GB, is that the comedy was subtle, sharp and relevant. You believed in the characters and they clicked, 2016 had no direction, we had no straight character to bring them all together (such as Egon), it was 4 people fighting for screen time to delivery terrible jokes. Que the 'dumb but hot' secretary - Chris Hemsworth - Who raised the odd smile, but this was overdone too.The villain was ridiculous, the kind of Villain that belongs in the Spy Kids world,completely unconvincing, we knew nothing about him other than he 'didn't like people' and wanted to 'cleanse the earth'. I was looking forward to the odd nod towards the original, but that was overdone, the cameo's for me didn't really work and served no other purpose than to try and appease the fans, it took away any originality that it could have had.When I first seen the CGI in the trailers I actually thought that looked like the best part, but in truth again this is something that was overdone (common pattern), I get that Feig doesn't have experience with CGI and was probably a little overzealous with it.The movie just didn't have the feel good factor of the originals, part of the romance with the conclusions of these was the sense of coming together and almost wartime spirit, which I think in this day & age would have been great, they certainly missed a trick. But instead we had Chris Hemsworth dance us out, which my 4 year old enjoyed but in truth was just as cringe-worthy as the rest of the movie. I've read up how people have said that it is 'Sexist' and possibly 'racist' I didn't get that feel to be honest, certainly no more than other movies I have seen, yes it is probably directed more towards the female audience but that wasn't the issue here. It'll be easy for Feig and Co to hide behind the 'you want it to fail because its women' tag. The problem is that it is just a bad movie, badly directed with a bad script. Kids may like it, fans of the original will hate it and anyone who is a fan of cinema will most likely just be disappointed. I give it a 2 and I think that is being kind.
평점: 2	리뷰: Firstly my comments has nothing to do with cast choices .I'm saying this because I saw the interview with the producer that try to justify the bad feed back the movie gets just because the cast has only woman's.What caught my attention was and enormous quantities of dislike of the previous video release of the movie, so I decide to watch any way since this can't tell with the movie is bad or not.The movie itself was an attempt to do an remake write, but in my opinion he fails. Ghostbusters 2016 movie fail to delivery something simple like "fun" unlike the previous one that did that very well.BoSSi.
평점: 2	리뷰: Ignoring the vitriolic media coverage and backslash to fans isn't easy in the case of this movie. Those who like the movie are getting called 'paid' for their opinion, and those who dislike it are called 'misogynist' and 'sexist'. It got so bad that one can't seriously write about the movie itself without touching on this issue. I just wish those criticizing the negative comments would realize that many women also hate the movie, just check youtube pre/reviews as proof.Now about the movie:It's a wreckage of bad gags, I don't know if it's the fault of the actors or the script. I assume mainly the script and director.There are better MOMENTS in the movie, but the whole movie is overshadowed by 'product placement' adverts The movie is full of references to other movies, most better jokes are also revolving around them.Just as in case of politicians I don't care what their gender is, as long they do their job right, which isn't the case here. If you've seen the trailers you pretty much already saw it all. The only black female character in the team of 4 is a walking bag of stereotyped black women, a racist insult in 2016. The characters are forgettable, the main villain is forgettable, the cameo appearance of the original cast is forgettable and feels out of place. People walking out on the movie when the theater is just half full also means something. Just to clarify: It doesn't mean people leaving are sexist (especially girls), it means the movie is BAD. The movie is a forced caricature and parody of the original movie, there is no need to see this instead of just watching the original movie. All the male characters are caricatures and targets of jokes, it's like a female mirror version of movie sexism. Annie Potts as Janine Melnitz was not an idiot, why did the male version become one? He is still the best character. There is no character development, only stereotypes and bad jokes, did I mention the racist depiction of the only black woman yet?Pixels was far better at grabbing interest with its nostalgia for old things than this ...thing that is definitely just a cash grab. (especially considering the product advertising everywhere) The actors are not that bad, but the script just makes it all terrible, and drags them down as well.tl;dr - This reboot is a terrible parody and caricature of the original movie with bad jokes(?) and an insult to black women. Actually, an insult to everyone who liked the original movies, or the animated cartoon series, or the Extreme Ghostbusters series (which would've been a far better choice for a real, more inclusive sequel movie). There are scenes in the movie which make it feel the whole fan-insulting campaign in the media over the last few months was actually a planned part of the marketing as the movie mocks the fans and original movies more often than not. It will have fans among first watchers of the franchise, many will support it simply for being 'different', and while it's true that many original fans never support a remake or reboot, this won't become a masterpiece even without them just because of genderswap and bad gags. It won't reach the same good review scores as the original.I don't suggest to stay clear of it, but I do suggest to show only the original movies to your children instead of this mess.
평점: 5	리뷰: Background before the stormI was born in 1983 I had seen Ghostbusters by the age of 5 at least 50 times and I caught GB2 at the cinema in 1989, I had the plastic proton pack the house with the slime, Egon with the pop-out eyes , I wasn't just a fan I was an actual Ghostbuster, the whole reason I became a VFX artist was because of this franchise. but today I got called a sexist pig with no real foundation for criticizing a film , side note most of these people are social justice warriors born after 1995...So last night I took my daughter to rekindle that feeling, perhaps passing on the mantle one would say, 9:15 viewing , good it's late should be a nice atmosphere "8 people in total" - damn this is not good sign.I'll remove my fan tinted glasses for a moment and look at this as a professional artist. Straight off the bat they lead with logo and production title ,wow not even a 10 minute run up, Cinema sins will be raging already..Poor typography and forced into frame. 10 minutes in, looking alright this could be OK , excellent might shut up the internet fanboys ... then it went tits up.Pacing is horrible the cuts start to miss key changes, CGI is bellow par but I will blame time and budget restraints , i'll let that slip for now.damn I should have clocked the red flag that this was going to be a chick flick just from the trailers before the film, Bridget Jones and two Zac Efron films but sweet baby Jesus this went full throttle all that was missing was a tampon hanging from Melissa McCarthy, was that sexist? "good because for the entire film men are portrayed in the same manner. this film is a perfect example of how to stereotype and create further division between genders, it completely had the reverse effect, how black does an actor have to be? Leslie Jones black apparently, all that was missing was a cameo from Chris Rock. SPOILERS: shooting proton packs over peoples head "what?" sorry missed that meeting Slimer and has Wife " what?" don't even start me on the CGI regarding that Shooting the boss in the dick "seriously ?"I'm not even angry , I am hurt that you can take a franchise and absolutely rape it for every penny it's worth even the original cast they somehow managed to make you hate them.I remember walking out of Ghostbusters 2 as a kid wanting to ride the statue of liberty , wanting to be a Ghostbuster , I spoke to my daughter after the film and none of that buzz was there 5/10
평점: 1	리뷰: I saw an early screening, ice age is a better movie than this (not a compliment)Awful acting , not chemistry between the cast (ironically hemsworth is the funniest one and steals the show).I have seen ps4 games with better fx than this tripe. (think scooby doo movies green screen mess fx)Editing seems rushed and not organic at all.The cameos are cringe-worthy, I really fell sorry for the old cast that was forced to participate on this.Don't waste your money to "give it a try", wait for it on netflix.
평점: 1	리뷰: Honestly, as the title says, adding the title of Ghostbusters and adding CGI (not even CGI that is mind-blowing for the time) to this movie does not make it interesting, entertaining, nor even suitable to hold the title Ghostbusters. Whereas the original Ghostusters is a massive hit/cult classic, this movie manages to destroy everything the original stood for. Gone is the witty humor, instead forced pandering based on modern feminism, gone are the down to earth characters, including Winston who was a personal favorite of mine, just a realistic man who was helping out; replaced by a large loud obnoxious woman who completely destroyed the original character. The CGI looks horrible, in comparison to the original which had a measured affect on cinema and on fans alike. I could not name one thing that this movie does better than the original, and along with a director who would not listen to fans, and the atrocious forced acting and script, I wouldn't be surprised if the actors denied the ever took part in this garbage.
평점: 2	리뷰: Before I begin - anyone who believes that this film is somehow empowering or is buying into the 'sexist' narrative should probably research the sub-sub genre. From the moment this film was announced, it split opinion and caused a sensational backlash from all corners of the globe. People sharpened their keyboards and began to form their schisms, based upon their own agendas. You cannot be so naive to think that this wasn't all a part of the filmmakers agendas. Knowing that they could neither add to the GB universe, they took the unfettered approach to attach an idea to the production. Before they even began filming, the producers decided to cash in on the notion of sexism in Hollywood. It is funny how that, for years gone, Sony hadn't tackled this issue (which is an issue), but then attempted to create a campaign for this film that relied upon such a political issue. On one hand, the producers and attached cast bombarded the media with distracting notions of feminism, whilst the fandom (with females included), blasted this film's approach to producing such a cultural classic. You see, this film is a 'boys with toys' film - true, not a properly refined sub-genre, but no less, a product of its time. Fast forward a couple of decades, and you now have a totally different culture of fan. This is the crux of the trouble - did the filmmakers knowingly create a political artefact to open up the cash cow? Or did they genuinely want to create a piece of entertainment for all? - you be the judge. Anyhow, I was 'treated' to an evening tonight to watch this film and whilst it has a few decent scenes - by enlarge, it is exactly what it looks like; a torrid re-boot of a classic that really didn't need it. The cast do not gel in the same way that the four originals did and the dialogue is hammy as the acting. It is like four people desperately trying to show you a representation of the characters of the original - whilst at the same time, using it as a platform for their own agendas. Overall, however, we are left with a film that doesn't know what it is. It looks like a 'Ghostbusters' imitation but doesn't feel like one. It feels, in fact, like a vehicle for the actors involved, and a precursor to a serial of merchandised films that has no real direction, nor story in itself. The scenes begin pretty well, but are tied together with a loose plot that resembles the original 'Ghostbusters', as if someone had to remind them that it is a 'Ghostbusters' film. The music is dire, the CGI looks like it was created in Sony Vegas, and then we have to speak about the third act. The third act is supposed to tie the story together and give us a rounded ending. This however is obviously gearing toward a video game, and possibly a canon of films that will undoubtedly be as terrible as this. There are a number of cameos to give the fans what they want, but they are terribly underused and don't even fit into this world, that... fits into the world of 'Ghostbusters' - confused? I'm not - I fully expect the original characters to be brought back with 'new' actors in order to slap fans in the face one more time, with a "We told you so". Overall, this film is nowhere near as good as the reviews would make you believe - I'm not sure how the producers got this film rated, but the fact that there was a review embargo in place should tell you a lot. In fact, when you read some of the reviews, there is a definite split of opinion - and those reviewers who have recommended it, do so in a half-heart-ed way which is, in itself, a backhanded essence of 'Well, they tried, so you might as well go and see it'. There is no real substance to the reviews and seem biased from the off. If you have a spare ticket or have someone who wants to go and see it - I would suggest that you let it go. Not only is Hollywood now resorting to politicising an issue that does not need politicising, but they appear to be selling us an idea that this is somehow good for the female equality movement of Hollywood. But the action, story and dialogue are somewhat spawned from this notion and this leaves a terrible taste in the mouth. So to summarise - this is no more Spice Girls, than it is All Saints. Anyone, any actor, any director would have ran into the same issues that, at the end of the day, plague this film. The core issue is that, it is a film that has been made for all the wrong reasons - with Paul Feig in the corner, plying some notion that this will somehow empower the gender issues within Hollywood. I spent the entire time wondering how on earth this film got made - it is bewildering to think that anyone thought this would be a good idea. However, as long as it sells and it gets merchandising deals, then I guess that is seen as a success. I gave this film a 3/10 - because I will certainly not be forced to 'answer' any call (which doesn't make sense at all).
평점: 10	리뷰: The media is judging this movie by its title and it not fair.this movie was a blast trust me it's a whole lots of fun. The movie has some funny scenes and great action and some tension in the mix.this movie is being judged by its horrible trailer.once you actually seen it the movies a blast.all I wanted going into this movie was some fun and. I got that so that's why in my opinion it's a 10/10. Melissa MacArthur does it again with the hilarious dioulouge . The whole cast is full energy core and love what they are doing.there is some good go seems it now it's fun and that's what I want fun and I'm sure you will want some fun too.this movie is full of energy and core so wee it!!!!! auction gnome fr Liam Hemsworth too!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
평점: 5	리뷰: I give this movie 5/10 because there are many negative things that I think a Hollywood movie with that high budget is allowed to do, yet there are many professional and positive details that makes my review stay on 5 and not go lower.The story doesn't seem pretty realistic and interesting. Photography is very professional and I love it. Casting is amazing and their work makes audience emotional. Special effects and CGI is good but not the best. Makeup could've been better, especially on the female actresses. Honestly I would like to direct this movie, I think I would've done it better. It can be rated as 5/10 because it has its own pros and cons.
평점: 9	리뷰: First, a huge thank you to Paul Feig. You did not ruin my childhood and in the process, made a great film, I have had time to process and am ready to post. This weekend I attended the red carpet premier of Ghostbusters. My impressions are below.The movie delivered for me and I really enjoyed it. It was not a rip off of the original as the characters had their own development and style. They were busting ghosts but with a different purpose and with a distinct protagonist that is different from the original with a different purpose. It worked well. The first 10 min were the only tough point for me but only because the movie had to start and find its stride. I saw it in 3D and it really was awesome. The 3D was not just an afterthought. It really added to the film and made me feel a part of it. The audience I was with were all hardcore ghost heads and fellow busters. The mood during and after the showing was positive and energized. I heard lots of laughter and support. None of the people I talked to or were there with booed or had a negative reaction. Most can't wait to see it again. My biggest complaint is that I have to wait until Thursday to see it again. Great time was had by all! Finally, some will hate no matter what. I went to this film expecting to be let down. (Sorry Paul) I was in fact pleasantly surprised. I loved the film. I can not say it enough. If you honestly give it a chance, you will enjoy it. I know this film will grow a next generation of busters!
평점: 8	리뷰: I really enjoyed the movie - I laughed at the jokes. Hemsworth stole every scene he was in. Kristen Wiig played 'straight' perfectly with Melissa McCarthy as the friend dragging her back into the 'paranormal' world. Loved Kate McKinnon and Leslie Jones performances. The film flowed well, at no point did I feel bored. The CGI was fine - obviously not going to be scarily realistic ghosts as its going for the family feel rather than thriller.Don't understand the hate this film is getting. I would never compare it to the original as I don't feel it is meant to be a continuation of it, more of paying a slight nod of homage to it whilst standing on its own. I went to the cinema to be entertained for two hours and I was.
평점: 4	리뷰: The obvious issue with this movie is that it is an unnecessary reboot of a classic which has been a beloved part of our lives for 32 years. If the original source material does not stand up to the test of time, remake it if you have to...but Ghostbusters 1984 still hits the mark.GB16 admittedly was not as bad as the trailers implied, I fully expected to give it 1 star, but it is bad.The good points: - the music: the good news is that that terrible Fall Out Boy/Missy Elliott concoction makes only a brief appearance, I was pleasantly surprised by the use of the original song - the cameos: we all wanted to see the original cast return in their previous roles of course, but the cameos were done well I thought (except for Bill Murray's, his seemed very strained) watch out for the bust of Harold Ramis, a nice gesture but I think the homage to Harold in the Lego Firestation HQ is far more poignant - the Firestation HQ cameo: it was great seeing it on the big screen again although I never want to see the pole used in the manner suggested by McCarthy! - the supporting cast: Hemsworth and Garcia in particular were quite solid Hemsworth had some good lines and the times I did utter a laugh were down to the supporting castSo basically most things I thought were good about the film had to do with the original and appealed to my sense of nostalgiaThe bad points: - bad script: 95% of the jokes were not funny, the story line was poor, the main bad guy was lame with no real explanation as to why he did what he was doing or how he knew how to create inter- dimensional portals - the main cast: why the original movie stands up to the test of time is mainly due to the characters who feel real. The main cast in this were caricatures, overt stereotypes with no real likable qualities - the weapon testing scenes: slapstick comedy at its worst! - the constant referrals to their sex and race - unnecessary, we can see you're women so we don't need reminding by referrals to your breasts and 'cracks' - the toilet humour: I'm childish enough to laugh at a fart still but when you rely on this type of humour in a summer blockbuster and in a reboot of a movie so revered as GB84 you're doing yourself no favours: to then take it a step further and make a fan*y fart joke, the tone of the movie is just shot to pieces - the CGI: the ghosts looked as bad as they did in the trailer...the original 1984 effects were way betterThe tone of the movie felt similar to The Watch (but not as good, and that wasn't brilliant, although I liked it!) It's a film most will watch out of curiosity like I did, it exists now and that can't be changed it could have been a bit worse but it could have been a whole lot better in the right hands
평점: 1	리뷰: I saw the original and the sequel back in the 80's. Both of them were good. If your a fan of the original, don't waste your time or your money on this one.But whoever thought of creating a reboot of Ghostbusters needs to be sent to a lunatic Asylum or Exorcised. Because it was crap.Apart from the special effects and cheap rate gags in it. It doesn't have a great deal going for it. Some of the original cast are in it, but they only play cameos along with other celebrities.A couple of things I did find funny was having Mr and Mrs Slimer driving Ecto 1 as well as the Marshmallow Man in the shape of a balloon.Don't get me wrong, I think having a female cast as the Ghostbusters isn't a bad idea. I felt as though it focus far too much on the comedy (asuming there was any) and far too much CGI. There was hardly any story, in fact it was just boring.My advice would be stick to the original Ghostbusters (1984) and Ghostbusters 2 (1989) and avoid this one like the plague.Harold Ramis must be turning in his grave and would properly rise from it as well, if he ever knew just how crap this one is.
평점: 10	리뷰: Is really sad that in 2016 there is still people hating all over the internet only because is a team of 4 women. If you are a parent go watch this movie with your kids, show them some gender equality and that woman can also be heroes and strong. Critics already love it. What top critics say: The freewheeling and funny solidarity of the four leads win out in the end, even if Feig shows more timidity than he did in Bridesmaids, The Heat or Spy. Crucial to the fun: McKinnon, who steals the movie with her mad-scientist grin, eyes that gleam like a laser pointer and unexpected random weirdness. Jones, McCarthy, McKinnon, and Wiig are so good together - and in ways that are distinctively theirs and not recycled from the past - that their message of not giving a damn resonates better than the movie's underwhelming climax.
평점: 9	리뷰: First up, the question on everyone's minds (no, not where Elvis is and how he's doing) - is it as good or better than the original? The answer is no, but not much is. Ghostbusters is a fun, energy- filled film that, while it doesn't capture the lightning in a bottle of the original 1984 film, does have a personality and energy all its own. Rather than replace or recast the original four characters, Feig's Ghostbusters opts to go in its own direction while also giving winks, nods, and even proton blasts to the gut in references to the original film. The cast is wonderful with Kate McKinnon and Leslie Jones being the stand-outs. Production design and visual effects are absolutely incredible showing what a Ghostbusters film in 2016 can and should look like to perfection. The ghost encounters are creepy, the combination of visual and practical effects selling the illusions quite well. Theodore Shapiro's score is also a whole lot of fun, helping balance the creepy with the heroic. The film is not without flaws, the third act happens rather quickly and you can't help but wonder if a few threads to help get you there were left on the cutting room floor. The visual spectacle takes a front seat and the comedy and tension get a little left behind, but the action in the third act is so kinetic and fun eye candy, you don't really mind. This could have easily been a cynical cash-in on intellectual property, but instead is a reverent, well-intentioned and sweet film that does what comedy does best: play absurd situations with complete sincerity.
평점: 2	리뷰: This is my first review. I'm not a massive fan of first two parts. So I was not crazy about upcoming reboot. It happens that I was on early screening. And I must say that as for a reboot this movie was so sexiest....so feminist with plenty cameos with sloppy jokes. I will come with some small spoilers just to give some best example including part of ending. ----Spoiler----Why does it happen to be that all guys in this movie are idiots?Mayor, delivery guy, Hemsworth was funny but they make him play idiot. The only guy who was smart it was a villain!Even in a final fight, thy shot that bad guy in his nuts!It's like this movie is promoting Girl Power and feminism. Also cameos..it is not just with actors but things from previous movies for example words like "I ain't afraid of no ghosts" was said by Dan Aykroyd cameo.----Spoiler----Instead of some cheap jokes this movie should have some adult sense of humor. More connection between girls because it was missing. First two parts I was watching 20years ago and I still remember them but this movie will be forgettable. Overall as for me, movie is only worth to watch on TV screen with kids on Sunday morning after Scooby Doo....
평점: 1	리뷰: This movie proves two things about Hollywood: 1. They are out of ideas 2. They love to ruin childhoodsNot a single joke from any of the main four main actresses landed. The only funny character in the movie was Chris Hemsworth. AND HE'S NOT EVEN IN THE MOVIE THAT MUCH!!! The special effects are mediocre as hell for what's supposed to be a summer blockbuster. The movie contradicts itself TWICE and it comes to a grinding halt every 15-20 minutes to make a reference to the original source material to try and save itself, which it fails miserably at. And every single male character in this movie is either a complete idiot, an outright douche bag, or an antisocial weirdo in the case of the villain. This wouldn't be a problem if the whole marketing campaign was built around how "all haters are misogynistic men." The hypocrisy is REAL.Ghostbusters 2016 is an unfunny, hypocritical mess of a movie.
평점: 3	리뷰: Yes, there's been a lot of negative things that have gone on with the making of the movie - the most notable of which is the highly toxic labelling of men who detract this movie are Trump supporting, basement dwelling, spouseless, sexist man-babies - just like with James Rolfe - and the additional removal of constructive comments on the trailers of this film. Jokes on them; I'm English, I don't have a basement, and I did film courses at school and University so I know what I'm talking about.For the reasons I've listed, my hackles were up going into this movie. But, to this films credit, my expectations were beaten, as I did get a couple of good laughs. But as a whole, the movie is a mess. Here's why: Firstly, the largely improvised script takes exchanges that would work better as a one liner and stretches it until it breaks, and then keeps going i.e. the "cat out the bag" argument at the Mayor's office, or the Patrick Swayze segment. Additionally, characters do some dumb stuff. Case in point, they catch a ghost, then purposefully release the ghost who ends up killing Bill Murray's cameo (one of only two deaths in this apocalypse). The ensemble cast is poor. Individual characters are well acted; the two best BY FAR were Kate McKinnon who plays Gillian, who's the group's bonkers, quirky, hyper-active engineer, and is the most likable one of the four main women, and then there's Chris Hemsworth playing their moron receptionist, and he gets some AMAZING lines that had me belly laughing. The whole cast is poor - they don't mesh naturally, and some of them are REALLY poorly utilised; Michael K Williams of The Wire and Boardwalk Empire is in two scenes, goddamn Charles Dance is in two scenes and used even less, and the main four don't mesh at all. And that sucks, cos I think Melissa McCarthy is one of the best comedic performers around right now, and Kristen Wiig and Leslie Jones are good too. I mentioned the casting, there's one that comes off really badly. Neil Casey plays Rowan - the villain. This guy is a stand-up, who gets NO FUNNY LINES AT ALL. Seriously, why? And his performance, and character is literal Sh*t. He's awkward, uninteresting, unthreatening and completely unfunny. The character dies at the beginning of the third act, and later shifts into the bodies of Melissa McCarthy and then Chris Hemsworth, and then he becomes a lot more threatening. Why give a stand up no funny lines when you have Michael K Williams and Charles Dance who would've taken that character and done something great with it?Other issues include CGI, which was awful, especially towards the finale, one terrible Ghostbusters metal remix on the poor musical score, and dumb characters decisions. But, despite all this, McKinnon and Hemsworth made me laugh. Well done to those two. And to Paul Feig, I adored Spy and Bridesmaids, I'll view this as a one-off screw up.
평점: 7	리뷰: Director Paul Fieg teams up yet again with Melissa McCarthy and a Saturday Night Live line up cast which follows trend of the original 1984 cult classic. Being a female reboot, you try to figure out who's respectably who; is McCarthy Ramis and Wiig Murray? Each character having similarities while still oozing something new. The person who stole the show was SNL regular and TV comedy personality, Kate McKinnon who resembles Ackroyd's Ray, only a little more crazier and somewhat crankier to full comedy effect. Another SNL regular joins the team, the giant Leslie Jones who I reckon would make a great celebrity death match for Game of Thrones Gwendoline Christie. Andy Garcia plays the mayor but is nothing like David Marguiles' mayor from the first. And Chris Hemsworth's Kevin as an answer for Annie Potts' Janine, playing a dumber than dumb partially blind and deaf receptionist. I think they actually doped him up before takes. Neil Casey, yup, another writer from Saturday Night Live, plays the bad guy nut job who's going around waking all the spooks up. I think I preferred it when Gozer came to town. It's a very similar story, with some interesting tweaks for background paying respect to the originals. The old famous Hook & Ladder Company #8 building makes an appearance, along with Ecto1 (though missing the annoying yet lovable siren) Slimer and his nasty appetite and the usual proton-packs with upgrades. The Stay Puff Marshmellow Man gets a facelift and the cameos are brilliantly placed but no Moranis.Theodore Shapiro does the score but gets sounded out by the soundtrack, which is actually a lack of and its been reported Ray Parker Jr. isn't happy with Missy Elliot and Fall Out Boy's rehash version. There's no Mick Smiley's Magic or Laura Branigan's Hot Tonight. Same premise as the original, possibly playing to fresh fans, this might do what the '84 classic did for us oldies, (middle-aged) and should it matter if it's an all female cast? It's funny with some very good moments but unfortunately there's plenty of mediocre comedy that just doesn't hit home. It's a little longer than the original and it does feel it in parts and the effects are what you would expect, they're good but nothing really mind-blowing that we haven't already seen before. Seeing a lot of hate, and low scores and to be honest, being apprehensive and a big fan of the originals, it's a good reboot, its a carbon copy yes, but how else would anyone expect to make a reboot and the fact the film pays so much respect to the originals and especially with the cameos I find it hard to hate it. Hater's gonna hate and they need to let go. It's more than 30 years on and yes, I was around when the original came out, so come on, it's a not a bad fresh start to the franchise. As Bill Murray might say "yes, it's true, they have no dick." Running Time: 7 The Cast: 8 Performance: 7 Direction: 8 Story: 6 Script: 6 Creativity: 8 Soundtrack: 5 Job Description: 6 The Extra Bonus Points: 5 for the nice little touches, nods and cameos paying respect to the originals. 66% 7/10
평점: 2	리뷰: I am not a "hater" by any stretch of the imagination. I am a fan of the Ghostbuster franchise, loved both the original movie and the sequel as well as the animated cartoon show. I went to this movie looking forward to a refreshing new take on the Ghostbusters and was very disappointed with what I got. Firstly, let me say that I'm not a GB fanboy/fangirl by any stretch and I'm not comparing this Ghostbusters to the original because it can't be compared. I wanted to see four powerful, smart and funny females rock this movie and show the ghosts who's boss. Sadly, despite my high hopes, this movie fell flat. Kristen Wiig's "leading lady"-ish when it should have been Melissa McCarthy as the lead. Kristen's jokes were stale and the same jokes I've seen in dozens of her past movies, nothing particularly new or funny about it. Melissa McCarthy I felt was just a toss away in this movie. Why she wasn't given more lines, more starring scenes, I'll never understand. Perhaps because she's not an SNL alumni? I don't know. I felt like she was vastly underutilized and it's a crying shame because she is comedy gold in my eyes. They didn't use her enough. Her scenes that she did have a bigger part in, were funny. Kate McKinnon was great in her role. I see her becoming a new comedic lead and I honestly really love her and Leslie Jones from SNL. They're both very funny women but I feel like they weren't given enough room or a good enough script to let the comedic genius inside them shine bright. The movie apparently attacked anti-feminists before coming out and angered a lot of fanboys and I wasn't one of them but as a female leading movie, I think it was in poor taste to constantly bash men in the movie. I couldn't stand the guy who played Thor in his role and the overall anti-male tone of the movie just didn't sit well with me. You can be funny and feminist without constantly beating up men with jokes and remarks... The original Ghostbusters didn't sit and cut down women, why the new take on it with an all female cast felt the need to bash men just baffles me. It distracted from what could have been a great movie. If they replaced all of the man hate with jokes and maybe even a storyline ala Peter and Dana, perhaps with Kristen Wiig's character and male, it would have been a much better movie. Let's be honest, a lot of the content/premise was taken from the first movie but switched around a bit and less funny. The hint to Zuul in the after credits scene had me cringing. If they do a sequel let's hope for more laughs, more jokes and less hatefulness in the movie. It was just too much bashing and too little laughing for my taste.
평점: 10	리뷰: I got to see an early screening last night and I AM HAPPY. I walked out of that theater absolutely swooning with love for those women and their characters, and with my stomach and face hurting from laughing and smiling. Of course it's not a perfect movie; what is? But I'm dizzy with joy that something so fun and funny and showcasing so many talented, amazing women (Leslie Jones was the highlight of the movie, in my opinion). It made me laugh, it spooked me a little (the ghosts were downright creepy!), and it made me care about the characters. It paid tribute to the originals without just being a direct rehash - it was a love letter. Yes, Hollywood, please keep making movies that are about more than just straight white guys. There are other people out there, and they deserve to have stories about them, too.
평점: 10	리뷰: The last time I laughed this much at the theater was while watching Ted part 1. The jokes are razor sharp and quick witted, and they deliver. Kristen Wig is hilarious in this and Leslee Jones brings the house down with a few of her one-liners. Chris Hemsworth shows that he has a great sense of comedic timing, I hope he sheds Thor for more roles like this. The story is somewhat familiar to viewers of the original film. but there are enough new twists to keep your attention rapt. The special effects really help capture the mood in the movie, and some are hair- raising spooky.A wonderful summer movie that brings the fun, the funny, and the entertainment. Go see this: you will leave the theater with a sore face from having a smile stretched across it for 2 hours.
평점: 8	리뷰: Fans rejoice! The new Ghostbusters movie is not, in fact, the childhood crushing disaster that some feared after less than seller trailers, but a colourful, extremely fun, very funny romp of a re- take on a classic. One that spends just the right amount of time paying sometimes cheeky, but always respectful homage to the original (with fantastic cameos from all of the living original cast) without being a slave to it. It cheerfully moves with its own style and its own brand of humour, which is consistently delightful thanks to the very genuine chemistry of the four leads. Each character is distinctive and quirky and the ghosts are purposefully stylised in a way that lends itself well to the bombastic tone of the movie. There are gadgets and techie jargon to satisfy the nerdiest of fans, and a surprising amount of scares.Of my few complaints, one would be that the villain is noticeably under-developed in a way that is detrimental to the plot. While this complaint could also be levied at the original too, it feels more noticeable here. This also creates pacing issues which are problem from act 2 onwards and the emotional climax of the movie, as well as the weight the stakes hold for the Ghostbusters personally, suffer for it. But these problems are pretty secondary when you're laughing so hard. Ghostbusters is nothing like a cynical cash grab, with Feig and his cast's want to entertain their audience evident in every frame.A quick note on the biased mess this page has become thanks to an unfortunate few: As you can probably tell from the paranoid tone of many of these reviews, they don't seem particularly balanced or fair. This would be because they aren't. There has been a concerted effort from people who are angry this movie exists and is reviewing well to bombard this place due to its more open nature. It's amusing that there is a conspiracy theory among these people that there is foul play from Sony with this movie reviewing so positively among professional critics, when in fact there are organised downvote campaigns from people who have yet to actually SEE the movie! So no, you don't need to take these people seriously. As you can see from their paranoid claims that Sony are secretly paying-off critics to give this movie positive reviews (a technique they've apparently forgotten to utilise for any of their other more expensive movies, which have been panned critically this year), these are just the last trashing of a small but vocal group of adult children.
평점: 8	리뷰: And it's good. I went into this not expecting much and was totally thrown off my guard. The movie was actually quite enjoyable. The humor, which in some very brief moments felt a little much, was very balanced with the story and the creepiness of the ghosts. Anyone who judges this movie based on what they think they know or what they saw just in trailers will really miss out on a good movie. It was a lot of fun, the story was actually good and the little bit of fan service and self deprecating humor were well placed. It is definitely worth checking out. I will also add that I think the 3D for this is worth the extra money and that theme song everyone was so enraged about is only in the movie itself for less than a minute total.
평점: 1	리뷰: This is probably one of the worst movies I've ever seen, and trust me - I've seen a lot of bad movies.You probably saw an Adam Sandler movie once and thought it couldn't be worse. Well, guess what this is on a whole other level of unfunny.Keeping in mind that we're in 2016, the special effects were god- awful. If you have ever watched a sub-5.0 Sci-Fi TV-Show, this should give you a hint of what kind of special effects you should expect. I'd say the directors would probably have been better off hiring my 14 year old son, to do some CGI in Adobe After Effects for a few hundred bucks.The fact that the movie has all female main roles, is not a problem for me. But the fact that every man in this movie is portrayed as either an incompetent idiot or evil, while literally every female in the movie is portrayed as a hero made me want to walk out after the 20 minute mark.!!! SPOILER !!! The movie ends with Melissa McCarthy shooting a big ghost in the groin. This should tell you what kind of anti-male humor you should expect throughout this movie.The fact that any director in the world, would invest just 10 cents in this movie, makes me wonder whether they're in it for the money, or just want to turn their career into a suicidal defeat. I wouldn't even recommend you to watch this movie ironically. Only watch this movie if you have literally nothing else to do, and by this I mean you'd probably have more fun watching a newly painted wall drying.
평점: 1	리뷰: ...The cinema who made me pay for this crap for my money back. Honestly, I was actually kinda looking forward to seeing Hollywood open up a new female lead genre. It should have been used to show cinema goers and children and women and men that it's OK for women to be leads. I hate this movie. And don't say because I am Male that I am automatically sexist. I genuinely feel sorry for Chris Hemsworth and Sigourney Weaver and Bill Murray and all the talented actors and actresses who were involved in this monster. The Script is awful. 40% of the lines are Melissa McCarthy and Kristen Wiig rambling and bickering on and on and on... 20% is Leslie Jones' Stereotypical Loud Mouthed, "OH HELL NAWWWWWW" Patty. 15% is cameos from Bill Murray, Ernie Hudson,Dan Aykroyd,Sigourney Weaver and Ozzy Osbourne. 15% is Kate McKinnon's weird remarks which leaves you sitting there debating whether to awkwardly laugh or to sit there and think "OK....." The other 10% is lazy unfunny sentences. The acting is appalling. These are talented people and to go and make them do this is just wrong. The CGI reminds me of Grown Ups 2's Deer. This was a movie made to reboot a classic franchise into a more modern era. It just ends up being sloppy and all girl power with no real power.In the words of Comic Book Guy. "Worst.Movie.Ever."
평점: 7	리뷰: Ghostbusters 2016 is fun. It is NOT a sequel to the original, nor does it carry the same tone the majority of the time but it shouldn't be expected to. And it proves pretty early on that it doesn't need to. As a huge fan of the series, I breathed a sigh of relief and wore a giant grin about 20 minutes in when Erin, Abby and Holtzmann celebrated their first ghost sighting with so much passion because I shared that excitement. This film was going to be good and it was.It's not without it's fault; some jokes fall a little flat here and there and the villain doesn't really get enough screen-time. At it's worst it feels like a Ghostbusters fan film but that's nothing to be ashamed of because it is. Positively brimming with love for the series, Ghostbusters 2016 pays homage (and parody) to it's history maybe a little too much but it ain't afraid to do things differently. The characters have a surprising level of depth to them, the story is logical and well-paced and the whole film is gorgeously colourful (interesting, considering the ghost are far more menacing).Ghostbusters 2016 is refreshing and exciting and I'm glad to say I enjoyed it thoroughly. Perhaps people on the internet need to shake it off and try enjoying something once in a while.
평점: 10	리뷰: Loved it - although it could never be the original for me - as I was 14 when the original was released.All five main actors have great moments, and even if it is not without flaws (the last ten minutes?) - I laughed harder with this film than I did with any other comedy since Paul Feig and Melissa McCarthy's last one.I saw it with three 13 year old girls and a 10 year boy, and they absolutely adored it - laughed loud and hid behind their hands in all the right places.So - highly recommended - and really saw it (Leeds UK - 11th July 2016), unlike the majority of people rating it on this site. Worth 10 stars? Not quite - but I think in this case it's acceptable...
평점: 7	리뷰: Ignore the dull troll remarks. Yes, it differs hugely from the original made some 30 years ago, and yes it does indeed have a predominantly male cast. unapoligetically bold in its difference, whether in its more modern approach to SNL cast treatment, or production design elements - it holds strong narrative parallels to the original, yet embarks on a very different endgame, albeit a lighter tone throughout.It is not a third Ghostbusters movie, nor a rehash which happens to have women in it. Its totally on its own, in a good way. The concept of Ghostbusters and the generations it has inspired as an idea is not owned by us children of the 80's anymore... And this is the product of a different era of comedy (love it or hate it), and a well refined one. I look forward to the sequel.
평점: 6	리뷰: Ghostbusters is directed by Paul Feig and stars Melissa McCarthy, Kate McKinnon, Kristen Wiig, Leslie Jones & Chris Hemsworth.Following a mysterious ghost invasion in Manhattan, a pair of paranormal enthusiasts, a subway worker and a nuclear engineer band together to stop the otherworldly threat from causing chaos across the city.After many years of waiting, the Ghostbusters franchise returns with a new set of heroes and a colourful special effects palette that provides exciting visual eye-candy along with an almost perfectly and tightly wrapped script. Cast members McCarthy, McKinnon and Wiig bounce off each other wonderfully and deliver some amusing remarks to certain scenarios throughout, especially with Hemsworth's witty and utterly useless persona, which is hilarious. Unfortunately, the writing for Jones' character wasn't so satisfying. A lot of the lines fell flat and ultimately sank underneath the energetic performances by the aforementioned.Now, although I haven't always been a fan of Feig's work, I admire him for taking on such a huge project. I believe he has done an admittedly average job with the direction and writing, but most of the critical reception and fan backlash, while overwhelmingly ludicrous, is an unfair representation of what is shown in this movie. Coming to the realisation that comedy and target audiences alike can change over the years, is something that will give you a fair advantage over the other viewers heading into this world. I genuinely believe, like any movie, that everyone should watch for themselves before shooting angry comments at the filmmakers or the people that enjoy the work. This is one of the reasons I bought a ticket to see this movie.The other reason was the special effects. After watching the trailers, I noticed how vibrant and diverse the visual effects were. This is one of the stronger points that really hold the experience up, it's consistently colourful and fun to watch. I'd like to see it in 3D and judge how this contrasts over the two formats, maybe making a difference to the overall enjoyment of the movie.While these comments make it seem like I'm hugely impressed, or that it's a high-flyer, there were certainly a few sections that were disappointing. Firstly, the villain wasn't very good. He felt forced and extremely obvious from the beginning to end. I'm not sure whether this is due to the writing of the character, or the actor Neil Casey, but I didn't like it. Secondly, the 'finale' section during the last 20 or 30 minutes of the feature felt loose and lacked in the comedy from the previous hour and 20 minutes. It seemed very lazy and didn't make any sense, feeling anti-climatic, which is not the reaction you should get from a finale. If this was improved upon, it has the potential to be a brilliant end to this story. Finally, and most surprisingly, the cameos were poor in contrast to everything great about this movie.Music by Theodore Shapiro is sparse and compositionally simple with mostly predictable directions in string movements, along with the horror/mystery flick genre that was expected. There aren't many cues or themes that jump out at you, and whilst that's usually not a bad thing, I felt it lacked from the overall experience. There is, however, a lot of songs by various artists that are thrown in throughout. None of these were pleasing to my ears and I felt could they have been removed without any deterioration to the quality of the movie.The production, special effects & set design teams along with the art department have done a wonderful job with their time. Most notably, the new Ecto-1 is amazing to look at. Every angle or scene this vehicle features in is a blast to watch. I imagine fans will be looking to buy replicas or even construct full-size functional versions to bring to events in the future.By this point you're probably still debating whether you should bother buying a ticket to see this movie. Maybe you're still not convinced. Or you don't want to upset the butt-hurt any more than they already are. To that, I'd tell you to just go for it. Do it in secret if you must. I simply think everyone should form their own opinion before calling people out.In retrospect, it's a fairly enjoyable flick that put a smile on my face and took me out of the real world for a couple hours. There are a few scenes I thought were out of place and fell flat in the comedy aspect, but I really didn't have a terrible time watching it. Maybe all this backlash served as an expectation that could be easily beaten? Who knows, but I liked it. A personal highlight for me was McKinnon's performance as Jillian Holtzmann, which was great. I'd not seen her in much before this so it was a nice introduction to her work. I thought she came across genuine and seemed excited and pleased to be a part of the franchise. All of her action sequences (especially in the finale) were handled well and came out to be some of the best parts of the experience.My verdict; Ghostbusters is a fun, energetic and visually awesome take on the franchise and I'd happily sit through it again. A sequel, though seemingly doubtful, wouldn't be so bad in my books. Don't take it too seriously.Ghostbusters, 6/10.
평점: 4	리뷰: This movie really draws a line in the sand between those that want to see authentic organic movies and those that feel movies ought to adhere to some politically correct agenda. I read some reviews on this site of people who fully admitted to not watching the movie yet gave it ten stars because to them this is a vote for PC and feminism. I'll be honest the movie stunk and I wish I hadn't wasted my time or money but I was one of those folks who felt the need to give it a chance for the sake of fairness. It stunk for many reasons which most of the other reviewers have aptly pointed out. My problem with this movie, which gets to the heart of the whole authentic vs PC problem, is that they wrote the characters to be the female equivalent of the original male characters and it just does not work. You can't force a square to be a circle anymore than you can force a female actresses to behave as if she was a male actor. In an ideal world they would write an original script that brings out the creative talents of the four actresses in this movie because they are actually very talented in their own ways however when it comes to attempting to behave like some bad ass dude they aren't able to pull that off. I would love to see more empowering female led action movies but done in a unique way that doesn't simply rip off all of the traits that male actors have in action movies. There is nothing wrong with portraying realistic female action heroes that acknowledges their biological femininity and play off those strengths.This would be far more refreshing from Hollywood and would require the script doctors to actually earn their pay but I am not holding my breath given the current state of focusing solely on reboots, remakes and endless sequels.
평점: 2	리뷰: It has been just a little over 24 hours since I saw Ghostbusters, and it still haunts me at how awful it was. I wanted to give this movie a chance, tried to see it with an open mind, but alas it did nothing. When the first 5 minutes is the only slightly good part and only me and possibly other ghosts are watching in the cinema, you know it's going to gives you shivers.Where did it all go wrong? Could the concept of the Ghostbusters being all women work? Well, maybe(?)... if they hadn't been written so annoying and obnoxious for me to give two craps about them. Let's make them have no funny jokes and whine all the time! The new secretary guy? Make him dumb and have all the women get the hots for him, oh and plenty of failed jokes one after another to go along with that too.To be honest, the CGI isn't that great. I think the 1984 original had superior special effects. Oh, and the theme song? Way to go at ruining the iconic theme guys! What about the original Ghostbusters? Don't they appear as cameos? Yes (and this isn't a spoiler)... for like a minute each! What a waste! Any positives? Well, I guess you could argue it doesn't play out exactly the same as the original, except that's pretty much cancelled out for everything being written worse and reminded it's supposed to be a Comedy.I adore the Ghostbusters franchise, I really do. Ghostbusters II gets a lot of hate, but it truly feels like a masterpiece compared to this abomination. If you can't give us characters to care about and not be likable or redeemed, why bother? Yes, some of the original Ghostbusters were jerks, but they all had a heart as well. Where were the laughs? Why change the iconic things about the series? You know what? Just stick with the Ghostbusters Video Game as the last Ghostbusters, and pretend this so called Ghostb... I mean Ghostjokers never existed.2/10
평점: 8	리뷰: I really enjoyed this film. Some great cameos from the original cast and some great gags and they aren't slapstick silly gags they are cleverly done I guess you could say its a bit girly since there are girl main characters but there were plenty of guys in the cinema watching it and they seemed to be enjoying it. Each of the main characters has their own personality and so everyone can have a favourite. I guess if you take this movie seriously then you will be disappointed by why would you? the first movie wasn't some serious drama, it was a light-hearted film and this is no different. You should go and watch this movie, you wont regret it
평점: 6	리뷰: I've heard the arguments of all sides. feminists are mad, other people are crazy, other people and liberal feminists are liking this this movie and DMCA people who do not share their viewpoint.. In short I've seen the whole soap opera surrounding the "new ghost busters".First let me congratulate the cast for doing a great job under extremely difficult circumstances ( like horribly bad script, hey even brad Pitt or Sean Connery couldn't make this movie look good with the current script). There were some funny kind of slapstick jokes in there but overall the script was guano crazy (not in a good way). yes there are stereotypes in the movie but hey its a movie! Watch and enjoy ( though for me, the horrible script ruined the experience). That said the cast was great but the bad script is what ruined the experience and the movie for me.CGI is also not the best and the colors seem to belong on a cheap China toy. Sigh another disappointment .. kinda. Now the movie isn't all that bad as some anti ghostbusters ( current movie) make it out to be. It all depend what you expect of the movie. Is it the same witty zingers as the original ghostbusters? No. Is it entertaining? That is something you have to decide yourself. I found it OK ( that is why i gave it a 6/10). Is it worth seeing in the movie theater or waiting until it is available to stream or on blue ray? I suggest you all wait until it appears on netflix, hulu, prime or other streaming services or even if you want to spend money on it buy the blue ray. In my humble opinion it is not its money's worth.
평점: 5	리뷰: When Harold Ramis died so did the notion of Ghostbusters 3 ever getting off the ground. Columbia Pictures instead rebooted the film for a new generation with a whole new team of female Ghostbusters and nods to the original such as Marshmallow Man and Slimer.Of course some people on the internet have not been too keen on this version from the get go. However the film is self aware of the backlash as Melissa McCarthy's character takes note of the YouTube video comments: 'Ain't no bitches gonna hunt no ghosts.'This version takes a while to get going after a spooky pre credit segment. McCarthy's Abby Yates plays the co-author of a ghost book who has been tracking the paranormal phenomenon for years. Kirsten Wiig's Erin Gilbert who also co- authored the book wants her spooky past forgotten as she strives for tenancy in academia.However when ghosts start to show up in Manhattan they spring into action along with Kate McKinnon as Jillian Holtzmann, an expert on tech gadgets and Leslie Jones as Patty Tolan, a transport worker who joins the team as the only non physicist as part of the new Ghostbusters and mirrors Ernie Hudson's role in the original who also the non physicist Ghostbuster.The final segment was full on Ghostbustin but it was also too much filled with CGI in a sound-stage that was a replica of Times Square from four decades or so. I felt something was off in the editing of that segment only for it to show up during the end credits.The original Ghostbusters was a mega hit back in 1984 but the sequel under performed with the critics and at the box office.This reboot is not bad, the plot is thin and McCarthy and Wiig rein in their shtick a bit. However I felt McKinnon tried too hard to be quirky. Other people have found Chris Hemsworth's turn as the male bimbo funny, I thought it was rather annoying.The film has the stars from the original Ghostbusters popping up as if to give it a seal of approval but although it has some genuinely spooky moments it is short on comedy.
평점: 7	리뷰: I was a bit unsure about seeing this as I loved the original, but I really enjoyed it. it was a silly, fun, funny film. I laughed all the way through and so did most of the people in the cinema. It's not exactly going to win any Oscars but it does what you expect - passes a few hours in pleasant, escapist entertainment. Lots of nods to the original without just being a copy. Cameos from original cast; the main leads were all great.Melissa McCarthy, who I love, was a bit more restrained than normal, and played well off Kristen wieg. Loved Chris Hemsworth as the dumb blonde secretary. Ending was a bit weak but these type of films usually are. Stay for the credits too. Ignore the reviews and go and see it if you enjoy simple fun without looking for any deep meaning.
평점: 9	리뷰: Since the movie did not have the best reviews i was not sure if i wanted to go and watch it in theater. It's a shame it didn't get better reviews.I am so glad that my sister dragged me to watch this movie because i loved it!!! It was hilarious.This is the type of movie that I can definitely watch over and over again and still not get tired of.The women acted really well and had me laughing throughout the movie.Most importantly, the movie captured me right from the beginning. I would recommend this movie to my friends and family for sure.So don't worry and go to the theater for this one, I am certain you won't regret it.
평점: 10	리뷰: To begin a review for this film with 'I don't hate this film because it's got women in it' is the sexist's equivalent to 'I'm not racist but'. Does this film deserve the 10 stars I'm giving it? Probably not. But does it deserve the barrage of 1 stars it's receiving from hundreds of aggressive men? Absolutely not, so I'll stand by my 10 stars in the hopes of evening the playing field; fight aggressive hatred with aggressive love. The film is funny; it's easy to watch, it's enjoyable, and it's very much in the same vain as the original. It's respectful of the original, and it's nods to it (though overt) are pleasant. None of the original cast needed to appear in the reboot for financial reasons, they had cameos because they wanted to and have faith in it. The pedestal the original movie had been placed upon is excessive and damaging; it was a good and enjoyable film but it was by no means the definitive piece of art it is hailed as by many basement dwellers. It was funny, easy to watch, and enjoyable. Which just so happens to be the same qualities as the reboot possesses. The cast work well, they act well, and they mesh well together. Chris Hemsworth's character is far more naturally funny than I originally thought he would be, and the characterisation of the women, though falling into a variety of well-used tropes, is interesting to watch. If the reboot had the same plot, the same villain, the same special effects, the same writing, and the same director, but four male leads, the vast majority of the poor reviews and insults thrown at the movie would not be present. If you keep obsessively and aggressively telling yourself you don't hate the film because of the female cast then you need to take a step back and recognise that these leading ladies aren't the problem here: you are.
평점: 3	리뷰: Having seen the trailers I can honestly say I wasn't expecting a great deal, however I went along anyway to see what the full film would add to the rather damning trailers.Unfortunately the film really didn't hold very much water, it had the 4 actresses which didn't really gel together with the chemistry not really hitting the mark. We had every single male character portrayed as either a complete moron or as creepy or as some kind of evil character.The jokes in the film were not very funny and the stereotypical lines given to some characters were offensive to say the least. To top it all off if there wasn't enough sexism and gender bias in the film already, they then had the final boss being fought by you guessed it being shot in the groin.Overall I think this film has been a huge disappointment. Every time a film gets given the opportunity to make use of female talent in a positive way, all we seem to get is a massive over reaction by feminist writers to spread hate, sexism and stereotypes. Is it any wonder so few people want anything to do with feminism these days when this is the type of film that gets produced when directors listen to them.The Heat (same director) was also guilty for a lot of the same flaws this movie and even ironically ended with the same sexist attack with the villain of that film being shot in the groin as well.I genuinely hope this film suffers as a result of the sexism and a lesson is learned here.
평점: 5	리뷰: I recently saw the film at a cineplex near me. I am a fan of the originals and will admit my original misogyny when I heard they were recasting with women but after seeing the first two promos I was mildly swayed and decided to give the new film a chance. I admire the angle that this film was made at, they wanted to appease old fans whilst paving the way for future movies. I found the movie overall very funny with the funniest parts being throwaway lines and even found Chris Hemsworth very funny a lot of the time. I also rather enjoyed cameos from the various original cast of Ghostbusters in what appeared to be polar opposites to their original roles except from Annie Potts playing another loudmouth receptionist. Whilst I was disappointed that Rick Moranis didn't make a cameo (I thought he was dead) I am happy there was support from the original cast with Bill Murray and co. Overall I found the film to be very pleasing, consistently chuckle worthy and gave a nice nod to the original.
평점: 1	리뷰: This film is as bad as people thought it would be. Don't believe the positive reviews that have been bought and paid for.Warning some spoilers ahead.The first Ghostbusters HQ is a Chinese restaurant and they don't get the firehouse until the end. Chris Hemsworth becomes possessed in the film and becomes a villain. There are brief cameos by the original cast but they are not playing their old characters. The whole film is basically a really bad SNL spoof of the original 1984 Ghostbusters. The comedy is forced and not funny. The special effects are a huge disappointment considering how much money was spent on the film. All the talk about feminist man hate is true, which explains why the Ghostbusters are women now. Honestly this film is for feminists and all that support the "girl power" movement. The film only uses spoofs of the original Ghostbusters to make a quick buck off people. Save your money this film is a box office dud.
평점: 10	리뷰: Look people, it's not a bad movie. Everyone is complaining how it "won't be as good as the original", and let's be honest: it wasn't. BUT, it was a good movie. No one can deny that. It doesn't live up to the original but if you think that it's a bad movie you better keep it to yourself. The main thing is that the original cast were the funniest, and most loved people in the movie business in the 80s. These are theoretically the same people, but they are females. What's the big deal? They are as funny and loved as the original Ghostbusters. I recommend to all you haters to go see it and watch it as if there was never an original Ghostbusters and maybe you can enjoy it more. There's no guarantee that you will love it, but if you get out of your head that it's a bad movie, then maybe you can enjoy it the way it deserves to be enjoyed. But hey, haters gonna hate. :|
평점: 2	리뷰: They shot it in the bits!That line both speaks to how the final big bad ghost is brought down and also to the film itself. The creators of this rubbish absolutely shot this film in the bits with this script. It's so bad, and not the 'so bad it's good' type of bad, it's just utter rubbish. Maybe Americans will like this brainless, insipid, and funny-only-because- it-sucks-so-bad film, but no one I talked to leaving the cinema in Watford actually liked this, and it's not getting very good reviews from anywhere in the UK or Europe, except from those married to the 'not liking it is sexist' narrative started by the Americans. Well, I'm a woman, most of my friends are women, and none of us who went to see it together actually liked it. Best rating from any of us is 4 stars, but she was a bit sloshed before it even started. Breaking it down: Script: 1/10 (the script written by a computer algorithm was better than this)Acting: 3.5/10 (not really the cast's fault...they were brought down by the script)Effects: 2/10 (seriously, even the original Ghostbusters was more believable than this. Why did they have to make this look so horrible and obvious green-screen is obvious?Score: 1/10 (will leave you thrilled to get back out into the world and listen to traffic)Casting: 4/10 (this cast just didn't mix well, not even close to the great casting of the original)Plot: 0/10 (you can't set up a premise in the beginning of a film just to throw it in the bin and go another way later. What happens in the middle and end of this makes no sense given the premise set up by the original film and the beginning of this film)Politics: 3/10 (obvious man-hating is obvious...could have toned it down more than a bit, yeah?)Paid £13 to have my brain attacked by this horrible remake. Don't waste your money. Go to the pub like a normal person and enjoy yourself.
평점: 2	리뷰: With all the melodrama surrounding this movie, I figure it's important to disclose my mindset. Since criticism of this movie is being deflect with ad hom attacks. I don't really care about casting choices. As someone sign up with MoviePass I usually go to every movie. I also enjoy listening to movie podcasts. I'm of the mind set, let's judge a movie by the actually quality of the final product. The trailers had me alarm, but maybe it because I'm getting old it's rare for a trailer to get me excited. I think Prometheus was the last trailer to get me hype, but it could of just been Riley Scott returning to the Alien series.None the less, to get on the topic. Ghostbusters 2016 threw away every good about the original Ghostbusters and replace it with a lack of chemistry and actors mugging the camera. I've sat here for 15 minutes trying to think of a good quality about this movie and I simply cannot. The best I got is Chris Hemsworth is attractive but they made his character an imbecile. In the original Ghostbusters the secretary was an intelligent women who stood up for herself who had the classic lines, "I've quit better jobs than this" and "Ghostbusters, Whaddaya Want?!"The main difference between the originals and the 2016 was 2016 knew it was a joke and treated it like a joke. While the originals had goofy yet believable characters in a "possible situation". With Ernie Hudson playing the straight man that everyone could relate to.The 2016 there is little justification for these characters to be working together, they are not "goofy" they straight up one dimensional making the characters dull and uninteresting, and the way men are portray is flat out insulting with no redeeming qualities(at least Bond movies the girls are smart/skill/sexy).If you have children, I beg of you. Please let their first experience of Ghostbusters be the original Ghostbusters movies. I love those movies as a little girl and they help inspire my love of science and started me down the path towards engineering.Thanks for reading my review!
평점: 8	리뷰: I really, really don't get all the hate that this movie is getting.I went in with preconceptions like most people, and during the first 10 minutes, these didn't seem to alleviate. But as the film went on, I got into it more and could see it for what it was - a fun, entertaining film.I think the casting was spot on. Kristen Wiig's awkwardness was done well, as was Melissa McCarthy's brashness. But for me, the stars of the movie were McKinnon and Hemsworth. They brought a real humour to the movie, and both in very different ways. Chris played the un- intelligent male secretary very well, and showed me a side of him I'd not seen before. McKinnon, I had not seen at all, and I thought she was brilliant. Her mannerisms, jokes and timing were spot on, and had me laughing on multiple occasions (let's not forget she's cute as hell, too). I also enjoyed Leslie Jones' character, again, adding good humour, I could tell from the scene in her subway booth she was going to be good.Is this movie perfect? No, not at all. The cameos were forced (Ozzy), and there was some dialogue and scenes which weren't great (I didn't really like the shooting in the crotch or buddy saving scenes), but I still think this film is solid, and entertaining. What more do you want from this film? The CGI was good, especially the big battle in times square. If you want to enjoy this movie, DO NOT go into the film even thinking about the original Ghostbusters movies. There is just no point. It is not the originals, and it is not trying to be, either.Go into this movie with the intentions of wanting to see a a fun and entertaining movie, and take it for what it is, and I have no doubt you will enjoy it.
평점: 6	리뷰: There's an hilarious moment in the new Ghostbusters movie when the all woman team are presented with suggestions for a new corporate logo by 'Kevin' their himbo receptionist. The first is a female ghost with a frilly skirt and large breasts. The design doesn't meet with approval, so Kevin suggests that he could make the breasts larger. The gag is typical of the knowing, self-referential humour of this new movie which even pokes fun at internet reaction to the news that this remake would have an all female central cast. Only the most glum at heart could nay-say this remake of the now 30- year-old original. Ghostbusters movie. A smart comedy adventure, it revamps the original movie and has its own feel good mood that left the audience that I saw it with in fits of laughter. Ghostbusters hooks you in with some nice one liners - a haunted house from old New York is said to come with an authentic anti-Irish fence The central cast comprising Melissa McCarthy,Kristen Wiig, Leslie Jones and Kate McKinno spark off each other and keep the action bouncing along. The plot is sort of new and although the central villain, a hapless janitor, lacks the interest of the originals geek and Gate-Keeper pairing of Rick Moranis and Sigorney Weaver, the film holds the attention with fun references to the original - the new team can't afford the rent on the fire station HQ of the original team so have to settle on rooms above a Chinese take-away: cue running Wan Ton Soup gags. Some commentators have found the film restrained but if that means there are less fart jokes then so much the better. There is a point where action takes over from humour - a Thrilleresque dance routine involving the Mayor and the emergency services is cut and moved to the closing credits presumably to better feature the accompanying promotional song and not bring the climax to a jarring halt but it seems like a waste of a spectularish set piece. The cast have taken misogynistic criticisms with surprisingly good humour. And now the film's actually on release, they are gaining a better press. This is the feel good movie of this Summer go see it and prove you ain't afraid of no girls!
평점: 7	리뷰: It's sad that I can't review this film without the context of the preceding "controversy" surrounding its release. Where have all these 'die hard' ghostbusters fans come from? The original was great, sure, but let's be honest, for most of us it's a very enjoyable 'spooky comedy' rather than a life changing holy grail of cinema. So the overstated enthusiasm for the original at the time of writing is fairly exhausting.I'll keep it short.The film 2016 was impressively consistently funny, as evidenced by the numerous collective belly laughs in the cinema I attended. There were some misses too, much in the way an episode of, say, Family Guy has hits and misses, but the laughs outweighed the troughs. Actually, in terms of the audience's reactions to the jokes, I'd go as far as saying it was more consistently funny than your average episode of Family Guy (which has loads of misses all the time). Obviously the humour and style is different, so don't take that comparison as an absolute. But Ghostbusters 2016 was very funny in places.The film triumphed over the pre-release criticisms that this was pandering to feminism. The issue didn't cross my mind at all. The characters and the actors were enjoyable. There was a decent explanation to all the ghostbusters' reasons for being part of the team. You'd have to enter the cinema wanting to be annoyed at this for it to actually be an issue. I'm a 28 year old male, by the way, as ridiculous as it is for me to confirm that.The film isn't great though. It starts strong and, somewhere mid-way, begins to approach its climax clumsily. Things go from 'investigations' to 'total apocalypse' very quickly and get resolved equally quickly. Also, all the throwbacks to the original end up feeling forced and a bit awkward. It would be better without the cameos. The failings of this film are not linked to its pre-release criticisms.If you want to have some fun, like you would when going to see any comedy, then this is worth your time. If you have low expectations, give it a chance and you will probably enjoy yourself.
평점: 10	리뷰: I am a massive fan of the original films. They were a big part of my childhood, which is the case for a lot of people. When I discovered this was a reboot I was, needless to say, disappointed, angry and upset. That was just me being a complete fanboy. I finally accepted this and eagerly awaited the release of the first trailer. Like so many others I was gobsmacked at how shockingly bad the trailer was. It was like an SNL spoof. The pacing was all wrong. Up until seeing the film on its first day of release, I was still very much 50/50. Who wouldn't be after watching THAT trailer? I saw the first showing at a local cinema because I couldn't handle the anticipation.I'm so glad I was pleasantly surprised. What a relief! The film exceeded my expectations. Within the first 5 minutes it felt like a Ghostbusters film. It was fresh, but familiar, in terms of pace and tone. I was worried this was going to be the Melissa McCarthy show, which works for other films. Each character had equal prominence and was great in its own way. Together they had excellent chemistry and were believable as ghostbusters. Nearly every line was funny and there were so many little quips that were easy to miss. I loved the storyline and the nods to the originals, including the cameos, were a lovely touch.
평점: 4	리뷰: When the announcement of a new Ghostbusters movie was made, fans had back-lashed and trolled on the internet and social media on how this was going to be bad, then things just got worse when the trailer arrived (it went on to become the 12th disliked video on YouTube) further dragging the reboot to be a successful one. But having finally watched it from my own eyes with my mind set off the reality of working life, I will honestly admit and truthfully confess that this reboot was actually better and not as horrible as people made it out to be.The comedic performances of the leading cast were good, with Melissa McCarthy, Kate McKinnon, Chris Hemsworth and Kristen Wiig being the standouts on performance and comic delivery. The cameos and nods to the original film were present, but interesting enough that this reboot can stand as its own movie as there is no past mention of the characters involved in the original. The cameos from Murray, Aykroyd, Weaver and Hudson are all enjoyableThe direction of Paul Feig was great as usual, having already established his style of comedic storytelling with wedding comedy 'Bridesmaids', female buddy cop flick 'The Heat' and the surprisingly entertaining and hilarious take on the spy genre 'Spy' but the humour this time is often subtle and never relied heavily on gross toilet humour which is a good thing for me but depending on how you like your comedy films you may want better or more.Overall, the film will get more of a bashing and trash talk out of than praise but I am giving it a positive review for it as I was entertained throughout and I think this will be an underrated or even ignored film for the generation. Just hope it's not a box office bomb in the coming weeks, and I wouldn't mind seeing it again or even get a sequel maybe.3.5/5 - NickWe both grew up watching Ghostbusters 1 and 2. They were both entertaining and charming in so many ways. It captured this amazing comedy/Horror that made it a world wide success. Sadly, for me, and for millions of other people in this world this movie didn't do anybody any favors.When the trailer was released it became the most hated and disliked trailer ever in youtube history, and that's saying a lot! While I definitely would not say I hated this movie, it definitely didn't work for me. It had its moments of charm and humor, and eve scariness, but the cast and the situations they put themselves in just seemed lazy and you could almost every time when they were in front of a green screen. The magic wasn't there. Even the final showdown (while entertaining) wasn't long enough. It had nothing to do with them being female...it has to do with the fact that it wasn't the original cast. Even if you had different male leads it still would've been hated. The original cast just captured the magic.All in all, it wasn't a horrible movie, there are many references and the film makers giving tribute to the old ones, but I simply didn't like it. It didn't work for me. Hemsworth also was really bad in this one. 4/10. 1.5/5 stars. Jay
평점: 4	리뷰: Ghostbusters is far from a great movie but it does not deserve the hate it received. The plot follows four women in New York that band together to save New York from the supernatural. The overall acting is alright no outstanding comedic performances but I do think the actresses on screen had great chemistry. To be honest I did not laugh that much while watching the movie. Lots of the jokes are loud and in your face but the few funny ones are subtle and quiet. The most praise-worthy thing I can say is the movies pacing. I cant remember any time during the movie where I was bored.It kept moving like a film like this should be doing. My negatives with the movie were ( like i said) was the script and that I didn't find myself laughing that much and I had one small issue with Kate McKinnon's character. Overall I enjoyed my time with the movie and I was really surprised. Is it great? No. Is it awful? No6.8
평점: 8	리뷰: It saddens me deeply that this movie has been surrounded by such blind hate from people who refuse to let go of the old ghostbusters and act like this film is the most offensive thing on the planet. Produced by Dan Akroyd and with cameos from almost all of the living ghostbusters, had this film not been poisoned by overly sensitive people on the internet it would have been a hit.The four leads display a wide range of personalities, from the nervous Erin (wiig) to the committed believer (Abbie) to the weird and quirky Holtzmann (Mckinnon) and the hilarious Patti (Jones) these are a set of 4 female characters that - unlike many movies we see - are focused on a scientific goal and not once do they have sex with someone (shock horror!).If you are reading this and do not understand why this is important then I doubt I will convince you by the end of this review, but I would be grateful if you were to listen to my opinion. Girls do not see this. This is not something that happens often, and it's important for women to see this.Special mention goes to McKinnon's character the engineer Gillian Holtzmann, who is not only strange, intelligent, gloriously weird and dressed like a post apocalyptic mad max-exque lesbian, but participates in a fight scene that made me understand why guys like action movies. Not once had I engaged with a fight scene the way I did watching a normal woman absolutely kick arse in one and that's the truth. (Also the gun-licking may have been a minor bisexual awakening)The humour of the movie matches a modern equivalent of the old ghostbusters, following the path of casting many Saturday night live alum, you can tell that many of the funny moments were improvised by the cast. Another special mention goes to Chris Hemsworth for his comedic delivery as the hilariously inept secretary Kevin, who covers his eyes when he hears loud noises. The rest of the humour is a combination of witty back and fourth, loud observational and sometimes just plain gross (it's a movie that involves sliming what does one expect) with a classic Paul Feig spin. To conclude, ghostbusters was a well done, funny, and groundbreaking movie that is absolutely not the horrid flop the internet wanted it to be. I would highly recommend it, in the large theatre I was in, I heard roaring laughter at every turn so do not listen to these internet commenters. Real people in the real world loved it, and I'm sure you will too.
평점: 1	리뷰: 10\10 this boring, basic, run of the mill Paul Feig film that pulls no stops hold your attention just enough to keep you awake. The experience was akin to watching your parents do taxes, or enduring Chinese drip torture. Something I particularly enjoyed about the film was when they had a character comment on every action any other character would do in a sympathetic tone and expecting the audience to laugh, because "ha these girls are so goofy just like you and your girlfriends. i mean we all empathise right hahaha. Go make this into a gif and share it all over your facebook relating it to your own sorry sad lives".Overall, it's top of the pops. I don't like scoring systems?? because games journalism? righto goodnight. ly.
평점: 1	리뷰: Like a good movie fan I gave the controversy a very wide berth. Wide eyed and innocently I sat waiting for something fresh and hilarious(kind of like the originals).The first bit was promising, but then it just turned into a sea of derivative pandering cliche's. The humor is awkward, contrived and lacking. Even Melissa mcCarthy(whom I loved in bridesmaids) was a massive let down. This is clearly aimed at fringe feminist elements, and probably not die-hard fans. I felt like I was watching impostors doing a bad impersonation. If Hollywood was trying to make some kind of point they failed miserably. It did not resonate with me, and certainly not with my husband. By the time the inevitable gratuitous shot/ kick/ punch to the jewels had arrived he was cooked and ready to leave. Its a bit like a chef who only eats her/his own cooking, refusing to get any objective opinion.Normally I don't bother writing reviews, but I feel cheated. This was not worth the money we spent. How could they get it so wrong?
평점: 5	리뷰: I honestly thought it was *alright*. Not great, not bad, just alright. I mean I don't have a problem with the gender swapping, and I was legitimately looking forward to this film after the first trailer. Shocking I know. Some of the jokes hit, and others were misses. An enjoyable romp. I could point out many of the little flaws, but in a film like this, it really wouldn't make a difference. Editing was a little choppy and amateurish. CGI was pretty distracting. Felt a bit rushed. I wouldn't see it again, but I enjoyed it while I was there. If there's anything this film made me wanna do is call the original Ghostbusters. I suggest you check it out, with an open mind. You might enjoy it. An enjoyably good 6/10 I would write more, but that pretty much sums up my thoughts. It was alright.
평점: 1	리뷰: So I was went to see the movie I loved the idea of female leads and nytimes said it was a good movie. But boy , nothing can prepare you for this beast, It was such a bad movie this was the first time I witness more than half of the people just went home after watching 1st half an hour. And I am demanding you nytimes, Please give me my money back.It was such a bad movie even for a die hard ghost busters fan, I need some eye bleach please. Mr. Feig and Katie Dippold you failed us in big time. And I found it sexist against men specially they are targeting male genitalia , all of the men appeared in this movie are either stupid or a villain.
평점: 1	리뷰: It comes as no surprise to me that a movie that selected on the lines of genitalia instead of merit was as large a disappointment as this one.I went ahead and gave it the benefit of the doubt and watched it with an open mind but it really is just a terrible movie that tarnishes the franchise.It is the Ghostbuster series Diablo 3: A forced iteration likely conceived by marketing executives instead of creative individuals. The product ends up being an uninspired, watered-down version of the original. Selling out a beloved series to make a quick buck.
평점: 2	리뷰: Before I get into specifics which may or may not contain spoilers, I want to get this out of the way. Younger kids will enjoy the new movie. There are a lot of things going on, goofy moments, and other things that kids like. I foresee the movie being a good way to introduce new toys and other merchandise that kids will want.With that being said, as an adult and a fan of the originals... trying to take the bias thoughts of being a fan out of the equation, this is not a Ghostbusters movie by any means.This movie plays out like a poor parody of The Ghostbusters, and would have been better served by not taking on the namesake and being marketed as a similar movie in the same genre with a similar story. I was literally sick at my stomach during and after the movie to even think this could be associated with the original property in any shape or form.THE MOVIE: This was a forced comedy with forced winks that were unclever and honestly gave no addition to the enjoyment of the movie itself. Too many aspects of the movie were overkill. From the overabundance of CGI and non interesting ghost, to a new forced joke every few moments, I found myself just sighing.I feel like the director wanted to really wanted to create his own vision but felt that if he didn't force everything upon us it wouldn't sell. That is where he made his mistake. The backstory, what little bit there was, was boring and skipped over anything that could be remotely entertaining.The nods and forced comedy were mediocre at their best. The overall storyline played out in what was a disappointing first act, alright second act, and very underwhelming third act in a movie that seemed to go by quickly, but not quick enough.THE ACTORS: I LOVE Kristen Wiig, Melisa McCarthy, and Leslie Jones. All three of those women are terrific actresses and very funny.Just not in this movie.Kristen Wiig was annoying. her character made me sigh every time she opened her mouth and the role was just so irritating I kept hoping she'd just be killed off. I feel as if she was supposed to be the Peter Venkman type of character for this movie, and they failed horribly.Melisa McCarthy's characters was annoying and immature. The jokes they had for her were some of the most forced and her true comedic performance could never shine through as she delivered what I can only imagine were lines she just wanted a payday for. This is by far the worst role I have ever seen her in and it may have turned me off of her for a while.Leslie Jones. Type-casted from the start. She plays the same role she ALWAYS plays but damn it, I wanted something different this time. I wanted her to take this major role she's been given and give us something we haven't seen before. The writing for her... man... I would have rather they kept her part down to the size they gave Ernie Hudson in the original movies than force her to be so up front with how ridiculous they wrote her. She was bland, not funny, and quite sadly given a "token black character" role. Shame on you Sony. Shame on you.Kate McKinnon. This is the one person I was NOT familiar with at all going into this, but also the most interesting of the 4 core actresses. She played her character amazingly. The little things she did and how she delivered her lines were just entertaining and felt organic. If there is a stand out performance for the movie, it's this woman.With that being said, the supporting cast was more entertaining than the main cast (sans Kate). Chris Hemsworth was great and gave me a chuckle a few times during the movie. Bill Murray's cameo was good but too short lived. And nice nods to the other originals.Except for the main bad guy and the tour guide who started the movie out. Those guys annoyed me every scene they were in. Terrible, TERRIBLE acting. The characters were horrendous, and I think they had a major part in ruining the entire movie experience for me.THE NODS: The nods to the original were good, but mostly forced as previously stated. Bill Murray was the best of the cameos, Ernie Hudson was only in the very end with a very predicable role, Dan Akyord was just a few moments and felt out of place with his dialogue. Nice to see the original actress to play Jeanine as well as Sigourny Weaver. That was quite a surprise for me. The Staypuft Marshmellow Man cameo was great.Too many other forced nods. The theme music played like 5 different times in 5 different ways. The firehouse was forced, just none of it needed.OVERALL: Do not pay to see this movie. Wait till it's on TV or Netflix. Or take the kids to it. If you do go to see it, go in with the thought process its another bland comedy but in a ghost catching genre. Do NOT go in with ANY expectation that this will come close to touching anything in the Ghostbusters universe.
평점: 9	리뷰: I got to see this film last Monday and tbh I was quite hesitant going in on how it would be.I am a big fan of both original films and the old 80's toon, that aside I found this film quite enjoyable its no way going to be a Shakespearean masterpiece so if that is what your expecting you should leave that thought at the door.I know a lot of people have criticized this film for its lack of practical effects but I though the initial Ghosts that appear in the film where well done. there is a few scenes later on that have many appear on screen so they tend to be not too distinctive.but tbh thinking back to the originals you didn't see that many on screen at the same time also.I will admit I was not impressed with Chris Hemsworths character Kevin I felt he was just to over the top for comic relief as the other Characters did a good job of keeping the humor going throughout.The main villain of the movie was interesting to say the least with out giving away any spoilers.All in all I found this movie to be very enjoyable and it shouldn't be dismissed just because it isn't a continuation of the original films.
평점: 1	리뷰: Non-Spoiler reviewFirst off, I'd just like to get this right out the way: I genuinely believe the majority of positive reviews are by paid shills or bots, as ALMOST ALL OF THEM came the same day in a very narrow time period, some before the movie was even released. And yes, I am being 100% serious, in saying that. When Movies have to have huge profit margins, this should be expected, especially given the unprecedented negative reaction to the trailer. I find it incredibly odd that professional reviewers have rated this movie an average of 6 stars, when the average fan voting barely exceeds 2. Only conclusion I can think of is the reviewers were either bribed or were too afraid of coming off as sexist.Let me also say, that I feel I am a rather open minded viewer, with no real nostalgia to the original GB. I have enjoyed female cast comedies before, and Bridesmaids is one of the dozen or so movies I've actually purchased in the past few years. This is not bridesmaid however. Remember in middle school when everyone in the class had to do a presentation, and the two weird girls who were overly sheltered and for some odd reason loved horses got grouped together and tried WAYYYY to hard to make it funny? This is that same feeling of cringe and secondhand embarrassment, only for nearly two hours.I'm not even going to go into the blatant sexi... err I'm sorry, Feminism Counter-sexism, or the incredibly awkward and played out Racism where the one Asian and one black character are literally walking caricatures, and just stick to some of the laziest stereotypes I have ever seen, but instead focus on the worst part of the movie; It simply was not funny. Cheap and crude laughs are easy and annoying, but they do occasionally at least make you smirk, but I can say with absolute sincerity that this movie did not make me do anything but mildly smile once. The CGI was terrible, most of the actresses genuinely felt embarrassed to be there, and the plot was beyond boring. Look, we all knew what this was, no one expected Casanova or an Oscar winner, but if you're going to be crude, at least own it.It's not the worst movie I've ever seen, but it was certainly one of the most boring and forgettable ones. My only concern is when this movie flops horribly,and it will, that people don't play the sexism card to excuse it and kill the possibility of the next "bridesmaids". This was just a bad movie, and no actor, no matter how funny they were, could save it from it's poor writing. Blaming the poor writing on misogamy is lazy.
평점: 1	리뷰: This movie was not asked for,it isn't very funny,and in my opinion takes away something from the original movie.All it tries to do is cache in on nostalgia from the first movie. The humor is forced and very more miss than hit. At almost 2 hours, I spent time just looking at the time, wondering when it would end. The cringe comedy is not my idea of funny, and the delivering of the some lines sound like the actresses don't want to be there. I am all for gender equality and female roles, but I don't really want to sit in a movie that is just there for the sake of being a female remake of a movie.
평점: 10	리뷰: I get that a lot of the criticism (besides the VERY obvious 'I haven't seen the movie but I'm going to say that it sucks because it triggers my personal issues" type "criticism") is that it won't compare to the original. And I have to say, I re-watched the original and it just was not as good as I remembered it. I think sentimentality skews your perception quite a bit. My opinion is that this movie really is about as good as the original, it's just that the original gets more of a pass for being... well, original. So with that, I think this reboot had some strikes against it from the get- go. (As well as the aforementioned weird vendetta stuff that somehow made this goofy movie into a supposed feminist conspiracy. Dang, I must admit the entertainment of that was probably the best advertisement any movie could ask for.) That aside, take this movie as what it's meant to be -- it's just a simple, good time. The story is not original. It's not cerebral, "Royal Tenenbaums" type stuff. It's not an Oscar Wilde- inspired parody. It's an unpretentious fun summer movie you can see with the family. Yes, there were a few jokes that seemed juvenile (just like the original) and some that missed, but all in all I'd say you will have fun and smile a lot,and the characters are ADORABLE. I gotta wonder what all the negative fuss was about. hmmm..

영화제목: Now You See Me
평점: 10	리뷰: "Now You See Me" is has a wonderful cast and story lines that surprised and charmed me. I already know that I want to see the film again to scrutinize the misdirection that pervades both the on-screen "magic" acts and the overlaying plot lines.The film has three principal sets of characters--first, the illusionists who are brought together by an unseen force to build a spectacular act, including at least one bank robbery, played out on location in Las Vegas, New Orleans, and NYC; second, law enforcement, including the FBI and a lovely French Interpol agent (Melanie Laurent); and third, the observers, including Michael Caine as a financial backer and Morgan Freeman as a magic-act debunker. Caine and Freeman are their usual wonderful selves, each playing a superficially archetypal role which is then revealed to be not all that it seems as the plot unfolds. The FBI and Interpol are necessary characters for the plot, and Mark Ruffalo and Ms. Laurent do well considering their characters exist in part to be duped by the illusionists. The actors who portray the illusionists--Isla Fisher, Jesse Eisenberg, Woody Harrelson, and Dave Franco-- infuse their roles with great energy, charm, and wit, albeit a theatrically glib wit. I and others in the theater remarked that we would have liked to see more of them on screen.The plot is too complex for me to do it justice before seeing the film again; suffice it to say, it involves four illusionists who build a complex act that seems to involve crimes which the FBI then investigates with comical frustration. The movie is worth seeing for the actors, the visuals, the locations, and the misdirection and plot twists. I am sure that a careful scrutiny will imply some plot holes that will bother some viewers, but I also believe that an even more careful scrutiny would reveal that some 'holes' are not as deep as they seem at first. "Now You See Me" is a wonderful summer movie with great performances, surprising plot twists, and a "feel-good" energy.
평점: 10	리뷰: It is very important to realize that this movie must not be spoiled. I will not be discussing anything not shown in the trailers, and I ask you not to go looking for such secrets online, but only by watching it yourself. This movie is designed to entertain, and to a degree it does just that.I haven't seen many of Leterrier's films, but I enjoyed this about as much as The Incredible Hulk, but more than Clash of the Titans. There were still disappointments. Magic movies have been a great interest of mine, and from the trailer I had to wonder, does Michael Caine + woman in a tank = The Prestige? Truthfully, the similarities stopped there, including magic's screen time.Despite magic taking up most of the trailers, it was too scarce in the film itself. I wanted more magic. I know that doing so would take screen time from Ruffalo, but he wasn't the best of the bunch. In fact, they were Freeman, Caine, and Laurent, respectively.The screen writing didn't allow for many to develop character well. The Four Horsemen were usually smooth-talking brick walls. And was that Dave Franco I saw? He had no screen time! (except for brief fancy dodging falling fighting)These character holes would be acceptable if the movie were a large show. But as mentioned before, magic only came in smaller pieces, when at all. Some were amazing, some were old already, and some were hilarious.It seems like I didn't appreciate the movie much, but I could only talk about what I didn't like. The rest, the secrets, I loved but can't talk about. Suffice it to say that many surprises are in store, and they're worth watching the movie for. That said, it's best to go in without guessing and predicting, because seeing the many reveals is where most of the entertainment lies. Don't spoil it for yourself.This is a film some would be happier seeing in theatres, but if you don't think you'd spend ticket money for this, you'd probably regret it, so wait for DVD.As a warning, there is a suggestive/inappropriate scene near the beginning that ends up going nowhere, but children's eyes should be turned aside. Also, there's a moment in a Mardi Gras parade that needs to be avoided, and minor language throughout. I'd recommend this movie for 17+, not only for these, but for the understanding of the secret material I can't bring up.
평점: 5	리뷰: I was given free advanced screening tickets to see this film, and being the film buff that I am, I took them and went and saw it. I had seen a trailer before hand and knew what to expect from the film, but I gotta be honest, my expectations were low and the only reason I watched it is cause they were free tickets.Now, after seeing it, I can tell you the film was an awesome surprise. The cast was great, the action fun, and the plot unique. I didn't see any of the twists coming and I found the film to be very entertaining. It doesn't get too convoluted at any point and is a great chase/illusion film. It's like a funner version of The Prestige, not that the two belong in the same class, just an easy way to quickly summarize what the movie is trying to accomplish (although Michael Caine is in both films!)Go see it, as will I, again. A fun summer movie that is likely to surprise more than a few people with its plot and twists!
평점: 5	리뷰: In a rare lucky event, I won tickets to an advanced Screening of this movie yesterday. I was intrigued by the preview during another movie, but I certainly wasn't expecting such an awesome display.The Plot of the movie is this: 4 street artists (Dave Franco as Jack, Jesse Eisenberg as Michael, Isla Fisher as Henley and Woody Harrelson as Merritt) with individual talents receive an invitation from a source with out much explanation, just a time and address. A year later, they are a successful group called The Four Horsemen, working together putting on the best magic shows on stage. Their biggest illusion is to rob a bank while never once leaving the stage and live audience. You can guess what happens next, as without being successful, there would be no movie to watch. Enter the FBI and a round of interrogations that have never been funnier. And, before you know it, you're on a wild chase and loving it.The visuals and magic 'tricks' in this film were beautifully crafted without being over the top. The plot was fun and wild taking the audience on a crazy chase where it was hard to predict what was going to happen next. Just when you think you've got it figured out, they twist it.The performances by the stellar cast were amazing. Even though the audience doesn't really get to know the characters well, the pace of the game moved so quickly it really doesn't matter. I was only mildly disappointed that we didn't get to see more of the characters in their starting points - how did they get to where they were before their source? There was some obvious history between Michael and Henley which was never explored. And, where did Merritt learn his techniques? Lots of questions which were left open - hopefully with a sequel or prequel in mind. It sure felt like there was more story to tell but as Micheal Atlas says in the beginning of the movie ' You're looking too close'. The bigger picture of the movie is what makes it so spectacular. I'll be back in line to see it again when it is officially released on May 31st. I don't think you'll be disappointed either.
평점: 7	리뷰: This is an interesting concept, surely not a genre played out much in Hollywood. The cast is jam packed with all stars giving great (but not their best) performances. The missing piece of the puzzle? Character development. That's not to say that there is any lack of interesting characters, each of the four horsemen bring a very unique style to the movie (besides Henley, she's rather weak as a character), and the sheer amount of Talent present in each scene guarantees that you'll be entertained. 10/10? Hardly. But definitely a solid 8 for me. Entertaining, fun, and definitely a concept worth exploring on the big screen. Just remember, the closer you look, the less you'll actually see.
평점: 6	리뷰: Now You See Me is a film that is all about obfuscation. Focusing on four magicians that perform feats of wonder first separately and later together, from the first frame on, the film engages in cinematic sleight of hand. However, that formula backfires on the film: by constantly trying to engage in trickery, the audience finds itself always on the lookout for it, and by the time it starts winding down, most of the potential surprises are rendered moot by the fact that we were looking for and expecting said surprises. Thus, while Now You See Me is fun and engaging at times, as a twist-filled surprise machine, it falls flat on it's face.As the film opens, we are introduced to four illusionists: fast talking street-level card sharp Daniel Atlas (Jesse Eisenberg), "mentalist" and small-time con man Merrit McKinney (Woody Harrelson), spoon-bending junior magician Jack Wilder (Dave Franco) and show-stopping high-thrills Henley Reeves (Isla Fisher). All of them are given a special card with an address and time on it, and when they all show up at the prescribed time and place, a small apartment in New York, they discover what appears to be a quite elaborate set of plans. Flash forward one year later, and the four magicians are performing as a single act under the moniker The Four Horsemen and are being bankrolled by millionaire Arthur Tressler (Michael Caine) During their debut performance in Las Vegas, they close their act with a rather spectacular accomplishment: they transport a French audience member to his bank in France and proceed to steal several billion dollars from it and magically transport it back to the Las Vegas auditorium where they pour it onto the audience.Unsurprisingly, this gets the attention of the FBI, and agent Dylan Rhodes (Mark Ruffalo) is assigned to the case. He teams up with Interpol agent Alma Dray (Melanie Laurent) and interrogates the Four Horsemen, but with nothing to pin on them, is forced to let them walk. Rhodes seeks the counsel of former magician Thaddeus Bradley (Morgan Freeman) who now spends his time debunking magicians, revealing what is "behind the curtain". With Bradley's help, Rhodes is able to unravel what happened at the first performance, but the Four Horsemen are already moving on to New Orleans for their next show and Rhodes and Dray are trying to stay one step ahead of them.Now You See Me is a film that is intended to keep us on our toes, to leave the audience guessing and wondering what the next revelation is going to be. Sometimes these kind of films can work well, engaging in misdirection and providing red herrings and dead ends for us to believe in before showing us what is really going on. Where Now You See Me missteps is that, from very early in the proceedings, the film telegraphs its intentions so loudly that most of the enjoyment of being caught up in twists is lost. That the twists are such a central part of the film is obvious from the start and makes them less engaging than if they evolved more naturally out of the narrative. Now You See Me is designed and built almost exclusively to keep us guessing but by focusing almost exclusively on that, it overreaches.Now You See Me isn't helped by the fact that the main characters are, save for some quickly introduced character moments and a few exchanges of witty dialogue, almost completely ciphers. Atlas, McKinnney, Wilder and Reeves are barely developed at all, and frankly, excepting for the moments they are performing their stage acts, are not even afforded that much screen time. The screenplay does play a bit with the intentions of the characters, but it is obvious that we are supposed to be rooting for them at times, and it makes it difficult to work up much enthusiasm for them when we barely know them. More screen time is afforded to Rhodes and Dray, and the two develop a romantic chemistry that is palpable at times, but, much like the other characters, they are largely pawns of the screenplay, but they are at least given more to work with than the magicians.Director Louis Leterrier films Now You See Me in Michael Bay mode: the camera rarely stops moving for more than a few seconds. During the magic acts, especially the first one in Vegas, this does bring a degree of style to the proceedings but at times the over reliance on an endlessly moving camera can prove distracting. However, Leterrier does keep the pace brisk and the energy level high. Now You See Me certainly can't be called boring.If Now You See Me succeeds anywhere, it is in the casting. Leterrier has pulled together a strong set of performers and, especially regarding the Four Horsemen, what is sometimes lacking in the screenplay is made up for by likable actors. Eisenberg makes Atlas a fast talking smart alec with a nice streak of charisma, Harrelson gives some fun wisecracks and Fisher is, once again, a strong sensual presence with a degree of toughness. Morgan Freeman can't help but class up anything he appears in and his turn here is no different, his Bradley is nice mix of arrogance and charm. Ruffalo is also at his dependable best, a man fighting to stay with his fugitives while barely managing to stay on top of their capers. It may sound like I am down on Now You See Me, but that isn't completely true. By the time the film was over, I found myself pleasantly engaged and entertained at times, but so much is wrapped up in the film's obvious Rube Goldberg plotting that you can't but help feel disappointed when the film doesn't really deviate from where you expect. Now You See Me is like sneaking a peek at your Christmas gifts: knowing what is coming isn't as much fun as not knowing.
평점: 8	리뷰: Imagine Now You See Me as Ocean's Eleven meets The Prestige and you sort of get what director Louis Leterrier was going for with this film. Is Now You See Me as successful as the aforementioned films? Not necessarily, but it's a fun movie that deconstructs the acts of modern magicians.The story follows four Vegas magicians, known as the Four Horsemen, who rob a bank in the middle of one of their shows. What follows is a cat-and-mouse thriller where the FBI chases after these magicians, always one step behind, trying to figure out how they did it.Where Now You See Me works best is when Leterrier creates cinematic sequences showing us how these magicians used real-life magic tricks to befuddle and dupe both their victims and the FBI. As well, if you want a film with twists and turns, this one will not disappoint. While most of the major twists can be found out before revealed, there is still a joy in watching those twists unfold, thanks to Leterrier's Sherlock Holmes' style of visual deduction. However, the script often falters in one of the most crucial areas, that of character.Leterrier and company are constantly trying to balance the breakneck pace with the large cast of characters, and it just leaves the characters hanging out to dry. Character development is sorely lacking in Now You See Me, to where I never really cared about any of the characters. Part of this is because the film is constantly shifting points of view. The first thirty minutes follow our Robin Hood-like magicians, and then it switches to the FBI agents tracking them down, but then the film has the magicians constantly one step in front of the FBI to the point that it makes the FBI often come across as buffoons, and I find it hard to care for characters who are so easily fooled. Ultimately, I feel that had the film focused entirely on one set of characters, like the magicians or the FBI, the film would have been stronger and been easier to find a focal point, but as it is the film's core is often muddled.While Now You See Me may not be a grand slam, it's still entertaining, thanks to the thrills and visual style of the film. Bottom line, if you're a fan of the heist genre, you'll like this movie. For me though, it just lacks a further script rewrite to have become one of the best examples of the genre.I give Now You See Me an 8 out of 10!
평점: 8	리뷰: I saw "Now You See Me", starring Jesse Eisenberg-The Social Network, Zombieland, Woody Harrelson-The Hunger Games, Zombieland, Mark Ruffalo-The Avengers, 13 Going on 30 and Morgan Freeman-Olympus Has Fallen, Red.This is a movie about illusionists that pull bank heists but don't keep their ill-gotten gains; they reward their audiences with the money. Jesse and Woody are 2 of the 4 prestidigitators that are gathered together by an unknown benefactor for unknown reasons-at least they are unknown until the end of the film. Each one of the 4-they call themselves 'The 4 Horsemen'-have different specialties-one is a mentalist , one is an escape artist , etc.. After their first heist, Mark-an F.B.I. agent-starts trying to apprehend the group but has no luck. Morgan plays a famous former magician that is now a famous debunker of magicians-he reveals how they do their tricks and is enlisted by Mark to help him catch the thieves. I have always been interested in magic tricks and the way they work so this movie was right up my alley-most of the tricks are explained later in the movie. It's rated "PG-13" for language and sexual content and has a running time of 1 hour & 56 minutes. I enjoyed this one and I would buy this on Blu-Ray.
평점: 8	리뷰: First of all, let me say that this film does not break your trust by tossing out some deus ex machina explanation at the end or plot-twist you so hard your head falls off. The threads of story, while somewhat outlandish, are well-woven and resolved almost totally satisfactorily. That's basically my fancy way of saying I didn't guess the ending, it did make sense, and the journey there was fun.I wouldn't say that this is a highly intellectual movie with layers and layers of philosophical questions to ponder over after it's over, but it isn't stupid either. You're not bored by over-complexity or insulted by the inanely simple. I appreciate that balance.The cast is solid but the characters could (and should have) been explored more without any worry over the plot getting spoiled. Because of this missed opportunity you may question the overall motivation of the antiheroes, especially since your first impression of the four magicians is that they are selfish and have no grandiose plans for their lives. This doesn't mean they aren't easy to like, but I feel it does clash with the story later on.The visuals/camarawork are nice (although occasionally too spinney and maybe just a little too glossy), the humor and the romance are felt and enjoyed- no baggage, no complication, no melodrama, and the magic is explained. In real life, we know that commercial slight of hand needs to be left unexplained otherwise it loses its worth, but the makers of this movie know that film must tie the loose ends because the satisfaction is the conclusion, NOT the mystery in and of itself.That being said, I will admit the overall conclusion was left just a tiny bit blurry, which may be due to the hope for a sequel. I'd honestly be okay with that as I feel this film earned it. Moviegoers may begrudge it that open-ended feeling though, if they felt that the explanation was not a justifiable payoff. My advice is to go see it, have fun, and let your belief be suspended. At worst the hypnotism will leave you disoriented and grumpy, at best you'll have a blast and come back down as soft as a feather.
평점: 5	리뷰: The title makes so much sense...now you see me as a great movie...now you don't!The movie was wonderful from start to ALMOST end, it will get you laughing and clapping and so sucked in a thrill ride and each character in the movie is very unique and very interesting, the pace is very fast which is good except for the interpol officer, corny, predictable role that is very slow and again predictable.There are numerous scenes that will make you feel really excited especially a fight/ escape scene that had Mark Ruffalo and Dave Franco. It was one of the many great exciting scenes.Unfortunately towards the end after an "OMG" reveal, things start to plummet in light speed and things start to make little sense and the plot loses it's value and you feel that the magic trick finale is on you...and not in the good twist sense.*sigh*
평점: 5	리뷰: "First rule of magic: always be the smartest person in the room." J. Daniel Atlas (Jesse Eisenberg) In the case of the magical little entertainment called Now You See Me, you don't have to be the smartest person in the audience to be charmed by the illogical "magic" of the tricks or the script. In a takeoff of traditional heist films and homage to recent films like The Incredible Burt Wonderstone and The Prestige, with a smattering of smart, sometimes humorous chatter, this film moves at rapid pace (French director Louis Leterrier knows how from his Transporter films) with a lack of seriousness about the tricks, which are mostly explained as the film moves on.Those revelations will bother purists who don't want to know the secrets or critics who demand a reasonable arc for the story. Like the magic itself, the film eventually captures the imagination enough to suspend disbelief and just go with the fun.The "four horsemen" (Atlas, played by Eisenberg; Merritt by Woody Harrelson; Henley by Isla Fisher; and Jack by Dave Franco) create three successive magic shows, one in Las Vegas, a second in New Orleans, and the third in New York. The stakes rise incrementally as they appear to be playing Robin Hood to their large, American-Idol type audiences by showering them with money from their magical heists. The FBI with Agent Dylan (Mark Ruffalo) is in hot but bungling pursuit.As in most thrillers, there are minor twists, and the final one that stretches credulity, or that some will see coming, along with a hopper full of smaller ones even naïve I could see from far off. Besides, like the Oceans films' heists, it's not about the heist or the magic. It's about the slick magicians, their easy banter, and comeuppance for the real baddies.Outrageous set pieces like the car race will disconcert those looking for a tightly-told narrative. The magic is as always questionable because film deals in magic with practically every frame. However, the cast is delightfully comic, the direction speedy and tricky, and the entire film wants you in on the magic. For a summer film, that's a magic formula.
평점: 10	리뷰: Just caught the film on Friday opening weekend. To sum it up in one word is "entertaining". It has the special affects you would expect from ILM behind the scenes. While a few plot mechanism may seem familiar, there is enough original content and spin that it will keep your attention throughout. It has light humor throughout which keeps the experience light hearted. The strong points are the script, acting, directing, cinematography, and visual affects. Yes, it is about stage magicians, but movie magic is used to keep the illusion alive and not actual stage theatrics. The only noticeable weak point is it has potential to be a little bit better in execution of some of the plot twist and it keeps a few important details a little too subtle for one viewing for some viewers.It is a story driven film and not so much a character driven story. There is enough character development to make sense but not balanced enough to feel as engaged to every character. You will understand the characters but may not root for them as much as I'd like. Morgan Freeman certainly holds the screen well and his lines keep people up to speed if they miss something. His character is something of an in movie narrator, but done well from a writing and acting perspective. Jessie Eisenburg's character is also entertaining and engaging as one of the Four Horsemen (the name of the magical stage performers).It has multiple plot twist, some big and some small. These keep you engaged and trying to guess the next move or explain what just happened. A good film to watch with friends and talk about afterwards.It has a good mass appeal and has only a little cussing (3 words I can remember), violence (from car chases), or intense scenes (magic tricks gone wrong where possible bodily harm is implied but not seen) to not keep the younger viewers away. The plot twist may be too complicated for non-teenager youth. Overall it is very entertaining.
평점: 7	리뷰: This is a bit of Ocean's 11 meets The Prestige and I'm sure some people will find it derivative, but the mash up of magic and heist movie worked for me. This was tremendous fun from the beginning more or less until the end (more on that later). We meet our four magical heroes in montage fashion that recalls Ocean's 11: each is shown working their own routines and then receiving a tarot card telling them to meet at a specific place and time. A year or so later, they have a magical act together in Las Vegas under the name The Four Horsemen, where they tell the crowd that they will rob a bank live on stage. They then – supposedly – teleport a French banker to his Parisian bank to steal thousands in Euros and leave a calling card, the money is then rained down upon the crowd. Later shows in New Orleans and New York follow the same format. In New Orleans, we see that their act is a kind of Robin Hood gesture, as money is stolen from an insurance magnate and redistributed to foreclosure victims.Morgan Freeman stars as a former magician who now makes a living debunking magic acts and trying to figure out the gang's method; and Mark Ruffalo is the federal agent attempting the catch the Four Horseman committing a robbery. The main cast – Jesse Eisenberg, Woody Harrelson, Isla Fisher and Dave Franco – are wonderfully charming. There are a few one liners that fall with a thud, and a couple plot points that might have been better developed, but the movie is a breezy ride most of the way through. Dave Franco, as always, should get more screen time.The central mystery to this plot is who is pulling the strings; who summoned the Four Horsemen to their meeting and organized each of the heists? The answer, when we receive it, is a bit unfair and leaves many open questions. The more you examine the questions, the less they make sense; though repeat viewings may disprove me. This isn't a Sixth Sense kind of ending where you should have seen it coming all along; it's more of a Murder of Roger Ackroyd solution where the perp wasn't even really a suspect.I think that many people will feel cheated by the ending. Still, this movie was an hour and 50 minutes and I thought some more development and additional scenes could have been included. When I want a movie to stretch longer, it's definitely working for me.
평점: 10	리뷰: This movie started off good and stayed that way. Right from the jump you're thrown into a instant mesmerizing view of excitement. After that I felt like I was flipped straight into a coliseum of amazing special effects ( or at this point I can't say it wasn't * pause for dramatic affect * MAGIC - picture me doing wavy magic fingers, OK stop picturing me doing that I'm done now ) Mind blowing action that I did not expect from this genre of movie mixed with a storyline and plot that kept me wide eyed and interested every step of the way. All the actors did an incredible job. No one was out shined. Every line was delivered excellent and was Believable. This is easily a movie I can watch multiple times with the same excitement as the first. I won't spoil anything for you except the fact that this movie was money well spent. I left happy and I'm still excited to talk about it
평점: 10	리뷰: Abra Kadabra my friends, and like magic another weekend is upon us and another round of movies. This week I start my reviews off with a Crime/Thriller that chooses to use stage performance, illusion, and trickery to pull off the heist. That's right I'm reviewing Now You See Me, a movie that promises to be magical, just not Lord of the Rings magical. So put away your wands and spell books, and get out your deck of cards as I give my two cents on this movie.Let's get right into some of my likes for. First thing has to be the clever plot/execution of this movie. Now we have seen plenty of crime movies over the last decade that use the same stale plot of a highly skilled team pulling of an impossible task of bringing a corrupt man to justice. Now you see me takes that stale plot and reconstructs into something that seems fresh and new. Instead of an elite band of mercenaries, we have four misfits who practice different tricks of the magic trade. They are pulled together by some mastermind who opens the door with a rather shady invite and a year later the adventure starts as the Four Horsemen are forged. Cue the Vegas scene, made famous in the trailer, where the audience, both fiction and real, are dazzled by an elaborate show where the eyes are fooled by the sleight of hand. Only rather than making a simple toy appear, the result is money robbed from a city bank miles away. This allows me to transition into another aspect of the movie, the design of the tricks. In this film, many things were planned out, every detail intricately laced into an adventure that is both intense and impressive. While there are some classic magic tricks done, pick a card and making rabbits disappear, there are some other acts that have more complexity to it. Although these CGI heavy stunts are a bit fake and far-fetched they still were creative enough to wow me. Even more impressive to this reviewer, was the fact that the tricks were linked to the master plan, many specifically chosen for a purpose other than entertainment, cleverness at its finest.Another trend you might notice in other crime movies, is that nine times out of ten the police force are either ignorant or idiots. Well good news, they still are, but this time there is a little more ingenuity to some of their force. Led by Mark Ruffalo, the police actually learn a little from their mistakes and with a little guidance from an outside source, attempted to change their strategy. Ruffalo and company not only bring on the opposing force to the Horsemen, but also provide an opening for other characters to enter into the movie, often to explain how the tricks work. You heard me right, the magicians' secrets are revealed in this movie, but done so to help tie together the loose ends left behind after the excitement has passed. How could this explanation get any better? Simple bring on Morgan Freeman, an actor whose voice and talent bring the retired magician bent on deciphering secrets to life. Like many of his roles, this character has humor, wits, and a little input into helping with some of the shallow character development. With this in mind, if you don't want to find out how the connections fit you need to either leave the theater at points in the movie, or avoid seeing it altogether. Bottom line the movie is connected and all the characters are involved in some form or manner. So with a bunch of characters you may wonder how the acting is in this movie. In a nutshell most of the actors are playing the same roles we've seen in other films. Jesse Eisenberg still plays the arrogant jerk, who is incredibly clever and gifted, and insults everyone else. For some reason though, I do like his character in this movie, as the attitude goes with the theme of the movie. Isla Fisher is still bubbly, but this time she isn't some shallow air head who only cares about sex and shopping. Ruffalo does a good job as well, acting as an integral cog for most of the movie. Similar to what we saw in Avengers, Ruffalo has quirky one liners, a smart ass attitude, but still retains a serious demeanor that rounds the character out. My favorite actor of the night though is Woody Harrelson, who has all the qualities from the Hunger games, minus the drinking and add some running. Overall there are really no surprises when it comes to acting, I enjoyed all of them and I am sure you will find someone to latch onto in this movie. This movie is definitely a fun summer movie with creativity bursting at every seam. Yes the plot is fairly predictable, and I do agree the plot is a bit old. Yet this movie has many good things about it that makes it worthy of taking a trip to the theater. It is exciting, with a plethora of chase scenes and fight scenes to keep the pace going. Although some of the mystery is ruined by Freeman's deductive reasoning, there are still some underlying secrets that keep you intrigued into the movie, like who the mastermind is and what are the motives for pulling off the pranks. Yes there is a bit of cheesiness in the plot, and some of the stunts they pull are again a bit far-fetched that some people may roll their eyes, but for those who like a lot of imagination and clever execution, this movie is for you. So what do I give this movie? My scores are Crime/Thriller 8.0 Movie Overall: 8.0-8.5
평점: 9	리뷰: As someone who enjoys trying to figure out what's coming next 'Now You See Me' was incredibly entertaining. Perhaps you'll fare better in terms of whether or not you can guess what's happening but regardless it should be a fun exercise.Aside from that the performances were all really good. The director had a nice pace in terms of have things progressed and there didn't appear to be any parts of the movie where certain scenes were clearly sped up (a personal pet peeve of mine).I was able to see a pre-screening for the movie so there could be some bias in my review (free movie helps, right?) but I am planning on going to see it later today so I obviously don't mind paying full price to watch it again. That and I've pretty much told everyone I know that they should see it in the nicest way possible in order to keep expectations reasonable.Definitely recommend you to go see it because it's a fun movie/experience :-)
평점: 9	리뷰: The movie opened strong with a lot of magic tricks, but the rest of the film also was not lacking in magic either. The whodunnit's appeal came from the use of "magic" tricks and it also was generous with action, making for a truly exciting movie. I was thrilled through the entire film.The characters were each sharp and specialized in their own tricks. Eisenberg was, of course, given a snarky, arrogant personality with witty lines and the magic tricks to back it up. I felt that Ruffalo was taking to much time away from the amazing magicians, but he also did a good job. The only downside is that Dave Franco had almost no speaking lines and little screen time. All in all, the film was excellent and full of FUN.
평점: 8	리뷰: I went into this movie not to sure of what to expect. I knew the basics of the plot and I knew I really liked the cast. Going in I really wanted to like this movie and I'm happy to say that I really enjoyed it.I love Woody Harrelson and Jesse Eisenberg in everything I've seen them in and this movie was no exception Between them the other 2 leads a great supporting cast and a surprisingly smart and funny story this movie was a really fun ride. I really loved Mark Ruffalo in this movie especially his twist at the end. Having loved him in The Avengers I was really happy to see that he was not just the cop who could not keep up and do his job as you are made to think throughout the movie.There is plenty more detail I could go into but I'm gonna keep this review short. So in short go see this movie if you think it looks cool it won't disappoint. I personally would really like to see a sequel seeing as how the ending was left open for one but given the box office numbers so far i'm not sure i see that happening but oh well I give Now You See Me an 8/10
평점: 7	리뷰: Now You See Me is basically a heist film which involves magicians, and it seems like it's going to be one of those illusion themed films that adds mind tricking elements throughout the plot. It begins featuring impressive magic tricks before it proceeds to its intriguing premise. It works best as a fast paced thriller with all the crazy action and ideas it brought, but as a clever mindbender, it effects rather differently than what it wants. The good thing is it's just simple and fun for embracing its own magic. Some tricks may get out of hand, but Now You See Me is a film that is easy enough to be charmed.The plot sounds silly, but it's hard to not feel the excitement behind these illusions. No matter how dangerous it turns, it's still all about the magic. The most fun parts are when they're performing their thing. The whole merit of the film is its heart to show that these tricks are actually entertaining. Even the simplest ones like the deck of cards and hypnotism are still fascinating to watch. The cast keep these acts alive. Jesse Eisenberg and Isla Fisher seem to have the enthusiasm of performing these tricks. Woody Harrelson is always a joy to watch. Mark Ruffalo, Dave Franco, and Melanie Laurent also made their roles a bit memorable, while Morgan Freeman and Michael Caine are just sitting around doing their fine usual thing.When it goes to the second act, they should be cracking the code of the illusions. It's ought to be a thought-provoking mystery, but it disappointingly over explains every detail. Even at every twist it reveals, they have to talk it out how the entire set up was built plus flashbacks to be clearer. The concept of being mind boggling is compromised and now stays to the comfort zone of bringing typical action set pieces. Some of the action can be whimsically inspired which fits to this environment.The result of Now You See Me is not "Pure Magic" like what the tagline says nor genius, but it's an honest piece of cinema that offers real thrills even without the over-serious tone that moviegoers today suggests. The film still needs to be trickier. It started out overwhelming then slowly becomes the opposite later on. Despite the missteps it makes, the experience is undeniably endlessly entertaining, thanks to the enthusiasm for magic and delightful performances. Now You See Me didn't apply as being cleverer, but it's still a good blockbuster anyway.
평점: 8	리뷰: This film surprised me not only with it's intense action scenes or the originality of the plot but by the comedy being able to co-exist with all other elements. My attention was immediately captured by the film's energetic intro which will not lose you through the entire movie. This isn't a type of flick where you really need to turn off your brain, at times it has mildly ingenious tricks which will easily please you. The main thing this film exceeds at is the way it keeps the audience guessing the conclusion/twists, it will work your brain actually tricking you in the process. The movie takes advantage of Eisenberg's usual "smart-ass" character, Woody Harrelson also shines, raking in most of the laughs. It truly is magical, in it's twists and action sequences. This is really like a 2 hour Las Vegas show without the Las Vegas cost. As a comedy it meets expectations as well as a thriller, it keeps you at the edge of your seat ultimately deceiving you with it's unique yet realistic twist. Overall, this is a fun summer flick that doesn't go for any cheap laughs.
평점: 8	리뷰: (May contain SPOILERS) One of the most annoying things about "Now You See Me" is lens flare. Lens flare is the current cinematic trick du jour, if not obsession of many directors looking to slick up their movies with a high gloss. Lens flare, you may recall, is when light enters the lens, refracts and creates a brief mini super-nova across the film frame. The cinematic equivalent of having a flashlight shone in your eyes, which this film does, on numerous occasions. It's an apt visual metaphor for a movie that proclaims itself to be about diverting the gaze in order to trick the viewer. But here, temporary blindness (like fake lens flare), is a cheap gimmick that is much easier to employ than true slight of hand. There's no real sense of magic in this movie that is about magic. The tricks along with the nature of magic itself are constantly being explained along the way draining the film of magic of any kind. The would be "brainy" complications of the plot are not brainy enough...the complicated bank account trick slogs on for what seems an eternity. Capers need to be plotted with air-tight precision that stand up to repeated viewings. The caper needs to be carried out by characters about whom you care enough to be invested in whether or not they get caught. The filmmakers here make the deadly mistake of thinking the tricks are more interesting than the tricksters. And present a series of tricks that are not really all that compelling. Shallow characters carrying out rather pedestrian tricks adds up to a movie that's rather shallow and pedestrian, no matter how much lens flare you throw at the camera. Which is a shame, because it's a fantastic premise which should have been developed for someone up to the task...a cinematic magician if you will. As for the plot, it gets loopier as it goes along, trying to explain itself because it really has no point. You never really know what anyone's motivation is...who is Morgan Freeman again? Why is Michael Caine in this and why is it okay to rob him? Which would be fine, except the movie is at such pains to keep explaining itself (literally) it starts to feel that the movie is explaining itself to itself. The actors were all wasted, trying desperately to impart some kind of character to their character (Harrelson is most successful, but his efforts are for naught. Eisenberg is completely wasted). There is one thrilling scene when the movie comes to life. A fight in a small apartment between one of the magicians and two FBI agents. The magician uses the magic from up his sleeves to fend off the two men. This scene, which approached a kind of magic, was what "Now You See Me" needed more of. But you'll have to settle for lens flare.
평점: 8	리뷰: I found this movie's lowish ranking incredibly misleading, and I'm glad I decided to go see this one. It's a fast paced ride that will keep you guessing. My movie-buff sister who ALWAYS predicts movies failed to predict this one.Unlike Prestige and Illusionist, all of the "tricks" in this flick are actually feasible, and several are explained. This only adds to the thrill as your mind tries to work out, "how?", let alone who & why.There is some good action thrown in plus there's a fun mix of fantastic personalities, so it feels like The Avengers at some points.Worth a trip to the theater.
평점: 9	리뷰: OK, I saw it for the second time on 6/4/13...and I want to change my entire review about it. I now enjoyed it SO much better! I did not leave the theater at all confused. I loved hearing audience reaction and being one of the very few in the know. I went with my family and from time to time my Mom would lean into me and ask questions. I had to keep telling her 'just watch!' LOL. When I watched it the first time I missed two minutes of it (elevator scene) so I was glad to finally see that! Awww! :)This movie is just brilliant because you DO have to see it twice to catch on to everything. I NOW give it a 9/10----------------------This is what I said the first time on 6/1/13 ...I really don't know how I feel about this film after finally watching it because I was too amped up in watching it that I researched it, read updates from those who saw it and got excited, too excited as my expectations were a bit cheated. (Word of advice, don't read critiques or opinions prior to viewing it) I didn't really read about the film and or have it spoiled for me except seeing previews, videos and hearing so much praise for it that I was expecting mind blowing results but I'm reminded of this saying from Sheldon Cooper (Big Bang Theory) 'You told me it's mind-blowing, so my mind is going into it pre- blown, and once a mind is *pre*-blown, it cannot be *re*-blown.' that is EXACTLY how I felt leaving the theater. It was a great fun movie no doubt. I do not diminish anything about the film but I will say this you have to have the right mindset to thoroughly enjoy it. My only complaint is that there needed to be more development for the four horseman. (It could've used at least another 30 minutes if you ask me) because they needed more screen- time. Im not gonna give anything away but I was not all that blown away in the end. I kinda figured it out. However, great cast, great acting and I WILL see it again. See that is what was brilliant about it. TPTB made it in a way that YOU have to see it again. Whether its for pure enjoyment, catching up or you missed something the first time.8/10
평점: 9	리뷰: Now You See Me (2013) *** (out of 4)Entertaining but far-fetched action picture about four magicians (Jesse Eisenberg, Woody Harrelson, Isla Fisher, Dave Franco) who use their talents to pull off some bank robberies. An FBI agent (Mark Ruffalo) and a former magician (Morgan Freeman) try to figure out exactly how the tricks are being done and especially since there's no logical explanation. If the trailer for NOW YOU SEE ME left you feeling somewhat cold like me, then the movie itself is actually much better. The trailer would make you believe that this is just going to be a silly little movie and it is to a point but there's also a few nice tricks being done in the screenplay and director Louis Leterrier also manages to do quick a magic trick himself. Throughout the film we're told to believe in magic you can't look too closely to the trick. I think if we look too closely at this story we're going to have many logical problems but the director does a good job at making you forget these and just takes you along for the ride. There's no question that I was entertained from start to finish because the screenplay is good enough to keep you on your toes and you're never quite sure where the story is going to take you. Another plus is that we're given a pretty good cast and each one does a very good job in their parts. Eisenberg plays the brain like no other can. Harrelson has that sly charm working well. Ruffalo is good as the cop and pros like Freeman and Michael Caine never fail. Melanie Lauren is also extremely good in her supporting part. The film offers up some dazzling cinematography and there's no question that the look of the film is very impressive. NOW YOU SEE ME isn't a masterpiece but I think it's a very well-made film that at least does what a cheap magic trick does and that's entertain you.
평점: 9	리뷰: The movie is a nice layaway for your Sunday evening mind when you need a nice entertainer to finish off your good weekend so that you get ready for a productive weekend."Now you see me" is an uncovering of the tricks and magics that goes into the wildest dreams you've ever had for a good magic act. There are enough movie actions in it to treat you to your ordinary movie magic and visual scope of the whole movie is a fine treat to your sore eyes.For the harsh movie critics, the movie lacks inner plot dynamics of a character-driven epic of well-created drama, but there are enough twist and turn to keep you interested for the whole movie and the whole dimension of the movie takes you in to a very creative part of your mind. The movie tickles the imagination of the very best magic tricks there exists in our world today and challenges you to comprehend the complexity of a good trick."Now you see me" is definitely an easy-going magic-themed movie with an easy-to-intermediate plot structure that would cater to all family ready to understand and take in the great essence of what a magic is.
평점: 3	리뷰: This movie really leads you to believe that its going to be exciting, intriguing and thrilling. Instead, you may come out of it feeling like you yourself have had a magic trick played on you. The characters are cocky and annoying. Its hard to develop any sort of connection with them. All the magic tricks and illusions are very unrealistic. The "romantic" element of the story is incredibly forced; almost thrown in at the last moment because the producers were like "oh ya! we forgot to add the romance". There's nothing subtle about the tone of the movie. You're constantly reminded that there is a mysterious element that you are not seeing. And when it is finally revealed at the end, there is hardly any surprise at all. Worst of all, there are too many things that happen in the movie inexplicably. You find yourself waiting for information that never comes. Questions are posed that leave you wondering why something happened, but then they're just abandoned and never reexamined. This movie made me angry. I felt like it was condescending to me the entire time. Fast talking "quick witted" characters using dialogue spoken so fast with convoluted vocabulary, camera shots that were shaky and always moving. It was trying to confuse me with smoke and mirrors to make me think that it was exciting, intriguing and thrilling, but realistically it was not.
평점: 3	리뷰: Russell & Cissy's Entertainment Values With Spoilers Cat and Mouse Keeps You Wondering The Whole Time, What is their real objective ? R & C Warnings Minimal - mild language (25), sexual content (1), Gesturing (1) Crime, Action, and Comical One Liners - Release Date: May 31, 2013 / Summit Entertainment Rating: PG-13: Parents Strongly Cautioned - Runtime 1:46 Russell & Cissy, the Movie Critics rate movies based on ENTERTAINMENT VALUE only. Follow us at facebook.com/TwoMovieCritics *****************************************" The closer you look, the less you'll see. " Four illusionists, Woody Harrelson ( hilarious ), Isla Fisher, Jesse Eisenberg, and Dave Franco are joined together as ' The Four Horseman ' by an anonymous leader that dictates three heists they must pull in front of their audiences of each show to reach their final goal. But what is their real goal ? And is it really about the money, or something else ? What could be more important than the money ? Add to the mix Morgan Freeman and Michael Cain, the wealthy millionaires, trying to get their cut of the trickery that creates more questions than answers as to who the anonymous mastermind really could be.Then enter FBI agent, Mark Ruffalo, that pursues the players along with Melanie Laurent, an Interpol agent that was forced on him to help solve the case. The two reluctantly work together in this fast action cat and mouse game but are always one step behind the ' Horseman .' The writers did an excellent job with the talent that came up with the storyline. This is a great story with some super stunts, great music and cinematography.The backdrops are Las Vegas, New Orleans, and finally New York where the Four Horseman are 3 steps ahead of the FBI and reach their goal.This is a very entertaining movie with a super surprise ending that will have you wanting to see it again. :>)
평점: 8	리뷰: Any show you go to see, whether it be magic shows or the movies, rely on dazzling and guiding the audience to a surprising and enjoyable outcome, ultimately making the audience believe that what they see is real. In Now You See Me, the principles of magic are used in this interesting premise: magicians who use their skills in deception and illusion to stage daring bank heists in front of the eyes of their audiences and the police.This film is not as deep or thoughtful as other magician-themed films, like The Prestige or The Illusionist. As a heist film, however, it's phenomenally entertaining. The film sets up the cop and robbers characters with playful energy and chemistry, before breaking out the visually-impressive theatrics and action scenes. It's not big on action, but the film does move fluidly, and above all, the characters are fun to watch. I'd say it's every bit as enjoyable as a film like Ocean's 11, The Italian Job, or The Thieves.Critics will likely find fault in the plot, which requires some huge suspension of disbelief to accept. Given the twists and the liberal use of magic tricks, plot holes are bound to be present. It might be especially frustrating to watch the more fantastic moments and wonder how these characters could pull off such trickery; the film does reveal the particulars of what's going on with the overall heists, but there are other moments where the film seems to assert that magic is actually happening.However, there is a certain theme to the picture, stipulating that "the closer you look, the less you see." Indeed, if you scrutinize this plot too closely, you'll miss out on the larger experience. The film practically implores you to just sit back, take it as it is, and enjoy things as they are. If you can suspend disbelief and go with the flow, you'll find that the plot is structured in wild and unpredictable ways. There are certain things to the story that could have been explored more, but perhaps a sequel is in order. Critics would say that the characters are all unlikable, and it's hard to know who to root for: I was personally enthralled by the whole cast, and was actually rooting for the magicians, for I found them all to be lively, rounded, and surprising at times. They aren't terribly deep, but they have surprises of their own.Some of the film's action scenes get a little jittery, but most of it has solid photography and editing. Acting is superb all around: everybody puts on a playful and energetic performance. Writing is not bad. This production has good-looking sets, props, costumes, and okay special effects. Music is really hip.The film asserts that magic is not about understanding how tricks work, but in making audiences believe in it, and making them smile. If you're the type who wants to look closely and find something deep, artistic, or even logical about Now You See Me, then the less you'll see. I was able to accept the film's illusion, and it made me smile at times, for it is an enjoyable show. If you can accept the film's illusion, then you might find it enjoyable as well.4/5 (Entertainment: Very Good | Story: Pretty Good | Film: Pretty Good)
평점: 9	리뷰: When I first saw the trailer for the movie, I was immediately captivated and wanted to go see it on the opening weekend. It didn't disappoint, but there were still some missing pieces.First off, the characters. While watching the movie, you don't quite think much of them but once the movie's over, you realize that you don't know much about them. It's hard to find a character likable when you're not sure what their background check is and if they're not given enough screen time. I would've liked for the writers to embellish the Four Horsemen characters, especially Dave Franco's. He was barely given any screen time and I found it interesting that his character wants to be treated like an adult and not like a kid. I would've also liked to get to know Melanie Laurent's character better. The acting was good, but not Oscar-worthy.Also, the 'romance' part between Jesse Eisenberg and Isla Fisher's characters. That was never continued and it left me hanging with a question mark as to how that would turn out.The plot was interesting, the fight scenes and the car chase scene was gripping. There weren't many magic tricks but there were plenty of clever twists.The ending was surprising. It was a bit strange when you first find out because it felt to me, a bit awkward as to how the Detective could've kept his cover as the Fifth Horseman all that time. But, when you start going over the movie afterwards, it fits well in to the plot and it didn't come out of nowhere.Overall, it was a really fun and gripping movie. Even if the characters were not that memorable, I enjoyed the plot twists and the clever tricks. If you like movies that make your brain work just a little bit, you will like this one.
평점: 9	리뷰: I was pleasantly surprised with this film because I thought it would be repetitive, but it was not. I enjoyed the plot twists and the acting in between them. All the characters were amazing and each of "The Four Horseman" had each of their own kind of magic trick in a cool way. And there was surprisingly humor in this film and the jokes were delivered incredibly. But in between the "Acts" I got bored because if you realize it, you are not really being amazed by humans, it is just the special effects. And I did not like the whole history lesson about the pharaohs and "The Eye". It was surprisingly amazing to see that Dylan Rhoades was actually the leader of "The Four Horseman. Overall I give this film a solid 9.
평점: 9	리뷰: NOW YOU SEE ME (2013) ** Jesse Eisenberg, Mark Ruffalo, Woody Harrelson, Isla Fisher, Dave Franco, Melanie Laurent, Morgan Freeman, Michael Caine, Michael Kelly, Common, David Warshofsky. Too cute for its own good caper comedy about a group of magicians whose extravaganzas involve grand larceny prove to be a bothersome nuisance for a FBI agent (Ruffalo) and a sexy Interpol colleague (Laurent) attempting to solve the mysteries involved while being one-step behind the conspirators plottings. While the ensemble seem to be having a ball the film unfolds by its ridiculous conclusion which turns out to be too much of a good thing. (Dir. Louis Letterier)
평점: 5	리뷰: Greetings again from the darkness. Come on ... who wouldn't get excited about a movie that mixes magic with the heist genre, and fills the cast with stars old and new? Director Louis Leterrier (The Transporter) is clearly engaged with the material, and maybe his vision of "just one more twist" is what keeps it from reaching the next level.Magic is inherently a very difficult subject for movies. Why? Because with magic, human nature is such that we are always trying to "catch" the sleight of hand. With movies, we have come to accept the fact that any special effect is possible. We rarely ask "how". That kind of takes away the mystery, eh? Maybe the best magic movie to date is The Prestige, but even that movie was made stronger by the story of its characters ... something this latest lacks.Heist movies, on the other hand, have historically produced some of the most fun and thrilling times on screen. Everyone loves a clever caper ... so long as we aren't on the wrong end. What doesn't work in either genre, and especially when they are blended, is a story that defies logic. We don't mind being tricked. In fact, it's kind of fun getting to the end and realizing you are part of the "gotcha". What we don't like is being cheated.The premise is terrific. An unknown benefactor secretly assembles The Four Horsemen - a hand-picked (by a hoodie dude) group consisting of Jessie Eisenberg, the smug super-illusionist; Woody Harrelson, the wise-cracking mentalist; tart escape artist (think Houdini with piranha) Isla Fisher; and street-hustler pickpocket (Artful Dodger type) Dave Franco. The group is bank rolled by industrial tycoon Michael Caine, and is soon enough headlining a giant Las Vegas extravaganza. Their trick is to rob a French bank vault by transporting an audience member, video streaming the job, and showering the audience with the stolen cash. They do this under the watchful eye of magic naysayer Morgan Freeman, a huckster who earns a buck exposing the tricks of magicians.Soon enough, an FBI agent (Mark Ruffalo) and Interpol agent (Melanie Laurent) are working together trying to stop the next job, which Morgan Freeman has warned them is really a set-up for a huge finale. The movie has some really fun moments, but with all of Morgan Freeman's warnings that we (and Ruffalo) are always a step behind, we can't help but think ahead ... and there is only one super twist that makes all of this click.In fact, I would argue that there are too many twists here. The basic story was enough and would have benefited from us getting to know the main characters. Instead, they are merely chess pieces who spout one-liners in order. In particular, the characters of Woody Harrelson and Melanie Laurent could have gone much deeper. But that clashes with what the filmmakers were after ... big, fast, wild, glitzy, cute, clever, and twisty. So don't be tricked into thinking. Turn off your brain and take in the wild, twisty ride ... even if it does defy logic, and we know "it's all part of the show".
평점: 6	리뷰: It's a rare treat these days that we get a new property to release a movie right in the heat of summer blockbuster season which is usually limited to huge comic book movies, comedies, and other franchise driven films. "Now You See Me" is making up for its lack of entitlement with an exciting cast made up of some of the best young actors in the business who are thrown into the mix as street magicians with hearts of gold. It's a rich concept of magic meets "Ocean's Eleven" that certainly raises a brow or two, but does this movie bring the real magic or is it just made up of mirrors and cheap parlor tricks?Read full review here: wp.me/p1tyJd-rC
평점: 9	리뷰: Don't overthink it. That's my first advice to those who watch Now You See Me, an otherwise-terrific psychological thriller with a magical theme, in at least one sense of the word. The movie relies on the staple of the magician's act, the sleight of hand, as it repeatedly tells its audience that the closer one looks, the less likely they are to discover the secret. It's an axiom that can be applied to the movie as well. It's fast moving, competently acted, and contains genuine twists - especially the last one, which is a doozy.Our story begins with the solo acts of four magicians: the mentalist Merrit McKinney (Woody Harrelson), the showman Daniel Atlas (Jesse Eisenberg), the spoon-bender Jack Wilder (Dave Franco), and the stunt specialist Henley Reeves (Isla Fisher). After each concludes a performance, he or she finds a Tarot card directing them to a particular apartment building in New York. Behind that door, the fun begins.Some time later, the four - christened The Four Horsemen - perform a most unusual act in Las Vegas. Using a volunteer from the audience, they somehow manage to rob a bank in France. Ridiculous? Yes, of course it is - but there you are, nonetheless. The money is missing. What's more, it suddenly rains money into the crowd. Crowd goes wild. This, of course, gains the attention of not only the FBI, in the person of Dylan Rhodes (Mark Ruffalo) but also Interpol, in the person of Alma Dray (Melanie Laurent). How in the world did the money get from Paris to Vegas? Oh, this is only the beginning.Next up is New Orleans. This time, McKinney plays a fun little trick on the group's benefactor, Arthur Tressler (Michael Caine); he has everyone in the audience write down the amount that's presently in their bank account. Then he has the audience look at the number using a flashlight from under the seats. Meanwhile, the group brings out a giant check that lists Tressler's bank holdings. As time passes, the amount on Tressler's check declines, while those of audience members increase. How is this possible?Each time the FBI and Interpol think they've grabbed an ankle of the magicians, they've grabbed nothing more than thin air. Atlas and company are at least three steps ahead of everyone. But why? What is really behind all of this? What's the endgame?The key - and this is not a spoiler by any measure - is to bear this in mind: watch everything, but not too closely. There are clues everywhere. And when all is said and done, the last trick complete, the final twist may well shock you into silence. And I sort of like that. I love a movie that can pirouette from one direction to the next, a bit of sleight-of- hand, if you will, with the new direction just as plausible as the first. Misdirection is all afoot in this caper. It's all about what you look at but can't see.Now You See Me was cowritten by Boaz Yakin. Don't know the name? Well, he also wrote such luminous films as Dirty Dancing: Havana Nights, Prince of Persia, Safe, and From Dusk Till Dawn 2. Not quite the pedigree you'd expect for this quality film. Maybe it's the artful direction of Louis Leterrier, who helmed the first two Transporter films and the Clash of the Titans remake. Not a lot of pizazz in that list, is there? Still, somehow, it works. Everything seems to click. The cast has great chemistry, and the performances are (mostly) nuanced just enough to stay out of the path of a gripping script. Eisenberg's Daniel is essentially the same as Eisenberg's MarK Zuckerberg - smug, cocky, supersmart. Harrelson's Merrit is condescending, a has-been with little going for him. Fisher's Henley, though underdeveloped, adds needed estrogen to the quartet - with the undercurrent of having worked with Daniel as his assistant. And Dave Franco - yes, Dave - is good as the youngest of the bunch; Franco is basically a clone of his older brother James, who I swore up and down this was. Huh. Ruffalo, Laurent, Common, Caine, and Morgan Freeman (as a professional debunker of magicians) round out the cast.One final note about this. Even after the all the magic, the heists, the twists, and the reveals, the very ending is ambiguous. It's like watching someone walk through a doorway without letting you see what's ahead; something has happened, something beyond the powers and will and even imagination of the magicians: something wonderful.
평점: 9	리뷰: One genre that can really entertain when done right is the heist flick. For them to work one of the most important things is to have a creative approach to the heist or the heist itself. Lately there have been very few adding anything new to the genre, but with Now You See Me they look to have tried to add a bit of magic to the struggling genre literally. With a great cast including Jesse Eisenberg, Mark Ruffalo, Woody Harrelson, Isla Fisher, Dave Franco, Morgan Freeman, and Michael Caine does it create the spectacle it promises or are the trailers all an illusion? Now You See Me follows an FBI agent and an Interpol detective track a team of illusionists who pull off bank heists during their performances and reward their audiences with the money. For once a film got the heist element right and delivered a clever and engaging story to go along with it. This isn't a perfect film by any means, but thanks to the magic element, which is usually a film killer, it takes it to a level that keeps things moving in an interesting direction. While the trailers showcase the magicians as the leads, this isn't quite the case. Make no mistake they are in the majority of the film and deliver the best parts of the film, but this movie follows more of Mark Ruffalo's detective as he is obsessively trying to solve this case. Typically Ruffalo is great and he is decent here, but just not up to par of his normal performances. Most of this is due to the character not being all that interesting and the attempt to thrust more depth into it that was really not necessary. The rest of the cast have great chemistry and chew up the scenery around them with Michael Caine really the only one with very little to do. The heists are fun to watch and ponder how they pulled it off even though some of them are predictable, but for the most part create a great presence on screen. While not a lot there are some great action moments here and there that were pretty surprising featuring Dave Franco that probably were not all him, but still fun to watch none the less.With the exception of some of the useless character elements to the Ruffalo character the rest of this movie is pretty entertaining adding a unique twist to the heist genre that has been missing. It probably would have been even better if the main focus had been on the magicians also known as the Four Horseman, but who knows maybe the less is more approach is why it worked so well.
평점: 9	리뷰: Great movie. I didn't expect to like this movie just for the fact that I am not a big fan of magic. I expected a lot about this movie, which I can say led me to loving it. Like saying, it's unexpected. Most parts of the movie, as I watched it, I played in my mind trying to figure out how they did this and that. The thing that killed magic for me, is my curiosity on how magic works led me to knowing how it actually works. Now, during the movie, Thaddeus (Morgan Freeman) does give away how the tricks work, because that's what he does. And even before he explained it, I thought I knew how it was done, but I was completely wrong. There are so many schemes here and there that make you believe this and that, but it just twists stuff around, which is what makes me like this movie so much, they did an amazing job tricking you.I suggest watching this, yes. It's quite well made. You may go in expecting you will figure out the magic, but then again, you could be completely wrong.
평점: 8	리뷰: Magic in cinema has lost a lot of its, well, magical qualities due to the fact that special effects and visual wizardry can be pulled off by even someone so much as a common man. Considering film was founded on the principles of perception, illusion, and amateur craft, it's a wonder why it's so rare we get a modern picture exploring mentalism in a greater sense. Finally, there's Louis Leterrier's Now You See Me, a film centered around magicians and magic that examines the world in such a style that it should be taken in carefully and with a potent sense of admiration. It's easily one of the more surprising pictures of the year, combining effective mystery with plot-twists to make for a ravishing experience.The plot: four crafty magicians, Daniel Atlas (Jesse Eisenberg), Henley Reeves (Isla Fisher), Jack Wilder (Dave Franco) and Merritt Osbourne (Woody Harrelson), are united by an odd-force and a year later are seen as the "Four Horsemen" by a sold-out Vegas crowd. For their final act, they decide to summon an assuming audience member to state the name of his bank so that he can be teleported through time to rob it accordingly. The bank is in France and in mere seconds is the man transported, given instructions about what to do when there, and finally, the money begins to rain from the ceiling of the arena. Of course this summons national attention and FBI agent Dylan Rhodes (Mark Ruffalo) is soon on the case trying to infiltrate the Horseman and discover what the underlying secret is to their tricks.Leterrier's directorial game has always been in the field of slick action productions, such as the first two "Transporter" films and the recent remake of Clash of the Titans, which he later apologized for. His talent for directing a picture that relies heavily on visual trickery and giving the audience the idea they are "getting it" when they aren't even close is meticulous and surprisingly precise. An interesting footnote is "Now You See Me" was shot with an anamorphic lens on film in order to make the effects appear not too hokey but not too realistic as if they were showing them done with certainty and complete accuracy.The trio of writers — Ed Solomon, Boaz Yakin (Remember the Titans), and Edward Ricourt — however, encounter one issue and that is the issue of greater emphasis on plot and twists as opposed to character and development. The film features such an ensemble cast that does wonders making the material accessible, interesting, and immersing in the first two acts that, by the third, the events and twists have almost overwhelmed the picture to the point of the actors having to run to catch up with the pace of the film. This isn't a huge issue, but it isn't until the final twist is explained – that does feel a little rushed and sketchy – that you begin to realize you really know nothing about these magicians besides they each house enough cockiness to make up for two stubborn hockey teams that are entering Game 7 in the playoffs.Nonetheless, Now You See Me is a good film, but due to the cinematic mastery of special effects the power of magic and perception inevitably feels tainted. I'm reminded of how cinematic shorts got by in the late 1880′s when all auteurs had were cameras and the power of illusion; not slickness, shock, and trickery all created by a hefty budget. How would pioneer filmmaker Georges Méliès view Now You See Me? He'd probably dismiss it as blasphemy before getting back to work.My video review of Now You See Me, http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r9Rceapdsz4
평점: 9	리뷰: Slick, clever, stylish with some nice moments of humor. Everything you want in a movie. Sit back and enjoy it without too much analyzing of how possible or not all of it is. This is the most enjoyable film I have seen since Inception and that wasn't exactly a film that stood up to too much analysis.It is not just another magic film, there is a real story in this one. Sure, the tricks are spectacular, but there is an underlying storyline that provides for a complete movie, not just a collection of flashy moments.if you enjoyed The Prestige and Oceans 11, then this has the best of both and will be one for you.See it now before too many people spoil the plot for you and you might just get to the end without guessing every twist.
평점: 10	리뷰: 9/10 - this kind of rating doesn't come easy. Doesn't come unless you walk out of a movie in utter silence saying 'wha.. but.. wha-huh?'. Doesn't come unless a movie FINALLY, after SO long, manages to - pardon the pun - trick you. I generally tend to figure out whats going on in most movies and ruin them for myself. I was doing something similar in this movie and was being proved wrong all throughout - and i loved it. Oh, did i mention its funny too?Sure some people will want to pick at the nitty gritty and say a few things didn't make sense. I personally would let that slide for such a good movie overall - hey, if you want SO much sense and logic, go watch national geographic. All in all, you wont be disappointed. Great value for money. And that facebook kid - love his acting.Cheers.
평점: 10	리뷰: I absolutely love this film. "Now You See Me" is like nothing I've ever seen before. "Now You See Me" tells the story of a group of magicians called The Four Horsemen who use their skills to pull off some of the greatest international robberies of their generation. Featuring Daniel Atlas (Jesse Eisenberg), Merritt McKenny (Woody Harrelson), Henley Reeves (Isla Fisher) and Jack Wilder (Dave Franco), the Four Horsemen make a dream team of street magicians. Since they have made their stunts public, allowing the world to "witness" the robberies, authorities are in hot pursuit of the four, now wanted criminals. Detective Rhodes (Mark Ruffalo) is accompanied in his search for the illusive magicians by Thaddeus Bradley (Morgan Freeman) and French detective Alma Dray (Melanie Laurent). Will the Four Horsemen be able to pull of their final act without being caught, or will it be curtains for the criminal performers?The plot is so original and full of fresh ideas and witty comedy. I love how fast paced this film is, I swear there isn't a dull moment from beginning to end. The plot itself has so many twists and turns it should be a pretzel, but it keeps the audience guessing the whole time and hits you with major shock factor. The acting in this film is incredible. It features a group of incredible actors - Morgan Freeman, Jesse Eisenberg, Dave Franco, Woody Harrelson and many others. I love how each character has a unique quirk and personality that you can really see, but they all work together so well. The cinematography and special effects in this film are phenomenal. It is bursting with rich colors and textures, drawing you into the magic and making the illusions appear so real. The soundtrack is also amazing. It is suits each scene very well, while keeping a consistent theme and feel throughout the movie. "Now You See Me" is definitely not one to miss.It's hard for me to pick a favorite character because I love all of the Horsemen, but when it comes down to it I have to say I like the characters Daniel Atlas and Jack Wilder. Daniel, played by Jesse Eisenberg, often tries to assert himself as the head of the Four Horsemen. He is controlling, very specific and difficult to deal with, but he is also the funniest character which is attributed to all of his demanding qualities. I love every film Jesse Eisenberg is in and I think he is perfect for the role of Daniel Atlas. I also like Jack Wilder, played by Dave Franco, because he is the craftiest of the magicians. He isn't the "card trick" or "read your mind" type, he's just a good old fashioned pick-pocket for whom no door is ever locked.. He is sort of the "muscle" to the operation because he is able to help the horsemen get out of tight situations and he is also very funny.My favorite scene is when the Four Horsemen have to escape from the FBI after their second robbery. Jack Wilder has to stay behind to burn secret files. When he has an unexpected run-in with Detective Rhodes, an action filled fight sequence and high speed chase follow. This scene is filled with suspense, action and incredible stunts and it shows that the Horsemen are always two steps ahead.I recommend this film for ages 12+ because of violence and mild mature language. Overall I give "Now You See Me" 5 out of 5 stars. See Raven's video review on kidsfirst.org
평점: 7	리뷰: The movie has lots of twists and turns like any magic show so you can keep on guessing right up until the end. All of the acting is done very well and you can see how many illusions can possibly be done. It definitely keeps you wondering all along they way so I wont' give any hints right here. Things happen in Vegas, Paris, NYC and more. All kinds of fun places to visit. Pay close attention as it goes along and keep trying to guess the ending, you will be surprised.Not a great movie but very entertaining to see. I doubt there will be any sequels or prequels like so many others. I am trying to get to ten lines, so I will keep on rambling.
평점: 10	리뷰: I truly believe that somewhere down the line, film students will be taught Now You See me as an example of a well made film of the early part of the century. The elements of screen writing, directing, cinematography, and special effects came together in a flawless union that was carried out by irreprehensible performances from the cast. Humorous, quick-witted, and as delightfully entertaining as a Las Vegas magic show, Now You See Me clicks along at a thrill ride pace that is sure to please. The plot is so carefully constructed that, just like in a magic trick, you'll always think you're one step ahead, but you're really two steps behind. A brilliant and original film, and a perfect 10.
평점: 3	리뷰: How do so many stars get involved with a movie so bad? My guess is that it was originally a much longer and developed film that got edited down. The final product is an absolute mess. Eisenberg, Fischer and Harrelson are the "Stars" (are they?), but they are only heavily used in the first twenty minutes. The movie focuses too much on Mark Ruffalo's character and oddly incorporates Morgan Freeman too much, then makes him out to look like a bad guy. Even Michel Caine and Dave Franco say very few words and are reduced to stereotypes. This movie looks you in the face and insults your intelligence. Its such a mess that I can't image what the producers and actors were thinking. Louis Leterrier, I should've expected this from a man still coasting on the originality and stylistic excellence of Transporter.
평점: 7	리뷰: "Look closely, because the closer you think you are, the less you will actually see" - while the makers of this movie have been pushing this message ever since the trailers came out, even after walking out of the theater, it has been hard for me to figure out what kind of a movie this is - no matter how closer (or farther) I look at the issue!Alright, this is a movie about magicians (who call themselves The Four Horsemen, no biblical reference intended). But, is this a movie about magicians performing magic? Please stop thinking on the lines of Nolan's "The Prestige". It is hard to look at the movie from this "magic" perspective because magic does not form the essential crux of the story. Well, there is magic throughout the story, some of which well explained and some of which totally bizarre and unexplained, but the magic is simply not the central theme of the story. Of course, towards the end of the movie, people disappear in carousels, and re-appear in France; however, a simple climax twist not-so-well connected to the movie proceedings does not do enough justice to the infinite number of unexplained magic tricks throughout the movie. It would have been amazing had some of the mind blowing tricks been explained; the only plausible answer to the question: "Why were these tricks not explained" is that the story is simply not related to those magic tricks. Is this a heist movie? It started looking like one initially; though there is some stealing involved, it did not feel like one at the end. Wait, is this simple, plain revenge? Ah, the final minute of the movie conveys this idea, but at that moment, the viewers can definitely figure out the answer to the million dollar question: "What type of a movie this is?!", with the answer being: "Who cares!""Now you see me" is a perfect example of taking a good story, getting an amazing cast to work for you, but spoiling the fun for the audience with some poor screenplay writing and direction. For most part of the film, the story does not seem to head to any particular direction or with destination in mind at all. The magicians are supposed to perform three acts - first in Las Vegas, second in New Orleans, and third in New York City - and each act is supposed to top the previous one. While the first act sets up the stage for the movie, the second act creates so much excitement for the audience. Unfortunately, the final act along with some preceding and succeeding scenes is mostly responsible for the letting the entire movie, and hence the viewers, down!It is easily possible to write pages after pages praising for the entire cast, and they actually deserve it. Be it Jesse Eisenberg, Woody Harrelson, Isla Fisher and Dave Franco who star as the Four Horsemen, Mark Ruffalo and Melanie Laurent as the policemen who try to catch up with the magicians' tricks, Michael Caine (who, I thought, did not have much to do!) or Morgan Freeman, all of them have performed extremely well. Halfway into the movie, I started thinking whether Mark Ruffalo or Jesse Eisenberg was the main character, especially since Eisenberg appeared so sparingly after the first fifteen minutes of the movie, and it was a full Mark Ruffalo show from thereon. However, what was supposed to be a cat and mouse game between them did not create sufficient tension to captivate the viewer.The real problem lies with the script and direction. Though the first half of the movie sets up the stage well, it drags between the first and second act, and right immediately after the second act as well. Good writing should have upped the ante after the second act, but the movie sets off as a torn kite without a clear direction. May be that's why when the final twist - which is supposed the awe the audience - appears, the viewer is already frustrated with the one million unresolved plot holes, and hence, the reaction to the twist is: "Oh, OK! The movie is over, let's get out of the theater!" Worse, if somebody were to try to make some sense out of it, there are a million questions about the story, particularly regarding the fifth horseman whom Mark Ruffalo has been searching for throughout the movie - very contrived, the entire episode looked.In all truth, I liked the overall story and in parts, the movie was fun. Even the climax twist was not a let down, only the events that culminated in it were! If alone, they concentrated some more on those plot holes, if alone they had a more taut script to tie down the viewers, if alone the movie had a clear destination instead of the dumb third magic act, if alone Louis Leterrier and co. had steered the ship better, the film would have turned out to be an amazing heist-cum- revenge-cum-magic movie! Unfortunately now, the movie is none of the three!What I saw:Direction: 3.0/5 Writing: 2.5/5 Acting: 3.5/5 Music: 3.0/5 Cinematography: 3.5/5What I felt:Degree of Tautness: 2.5/5 Emotional Quotient: 2.5/5 Intelligence Quotient: 3.0/5 Entertainment Quotient: 3.5/5
평점: 8	리뷰: Loved this movie. Gotta say the "cool" factor got to me in every crucial aspect of this flick. It is difficult to be "cool" without being corny or coming off silly. Even Woody H. is getting to be enjoyable to me and he's never been one of my fav actors. The storyline is simple and it moves fast with no time to get bored. Each character is acted out really slick, not superficially deep (although I would have enjoyed more character development) and kept my attention.The two heavies, M. Freeman & M. Caine, were very good, of course, and give the movie two solid performances that complement very well the other cast members. Mark Ruffalo was spot on - gosh he's good, why hasn't he made more movies I wonder? (Love him as the Hulk).Jesse Eisenberg is so dang believable that he better do something else quick or he's going to be forever etched in my mind as an illusionist! His character's glances and demeanor are great with, to me, an underlying sense of he can't believe how good he & the other 3 are at what they do. I loved that about each character - they weren't arrogant to the point of unbelievability or boredom. It's like they all were on a ride they could hardly believe. LOL, I kept looking at Isla Fisher and thinking, "Is that Amy Adams?" But I knew it couldn't be. And Dave Franco - the look-alike baby Franco brother did a good job with his smaller part.I know I've said it already, but this movie is cool. It had me believing that the tricks could be done. One of the best movies for what it is - entertainment, plain and simple. My friend and I left saying, "good movie, I liked that." Definitely a big screen movie.Oh, and guess what? They guessed the card I & my friend picked! How'd they do that??
평점: 8	리뷰: This opened as a very low key movie release locally. However, I kept reading praises about it from social media, I resolved to give it a try and see for myself. I had a lot of fun watching, and I believe, so will you.The fascinating premise of the film begins even before the opening credits. We meet four talented magicians who had been summoned by a mysterious hooded stranger who left them each a invitation card marked by an eye design at the backs. A year later, they were the toast of Vegas, calling themselves the Four Horsemen, staging big elaborate magic shows. One performance, they picked a Frenchman "randomly" from the audience to create the illusion that he had robbed a bank in Paris. Police and Interpol get involved when money really disappeared from that bank! That incredibly staged heist is only the beginning of a puzzling roller coaster ride of a film that will keep you wondering to the very end. Director Louis Leterrier (whose debut was "Transporter" in 2002) has executed a very energetic, intelligent and most importantly, entertaining film. The actors were all so eager, smart and funny in their roles. Jesse Eisenberg is believable as a control freak street illusionist. Woody Harrelson was a down-on-his-luck mentalist is outstandingly hilarious. Isla Fisher has gone a long way from her awkward debut in that Scooby Doo film. Just when you thought Dave Franco is just a minor player, he will surprise us with an exciting fight scene and car chase. And on the other side, Mark Ruffalo is just so right as the harassed police officer who always seemed to be two steps behind the magicians. Veterans Michael Caine and Morgan Freeman add their cool credibility to the mix, as they always do to any film they are associated with.While it is a pity that we do not get to meet the four magicians more in depth, and some of the illusions and action stunts were too impossible (and too CG), I think we can overlook and forgive those little quibbles. Do not think too hard and over-analyze about the twists and turns this film takes you on (especially in the final minutes), just sit back and enjoy the fun ride while it lasts. It is, after all, all about magic.
평점: 2	리뷰: Great cast, great effects, and at first, an intriguing premise. That's about it. And, unfortunately, that's probably enough to rope most viewers in to thinking it was a great film.Now You See Me is really nothing more than the plot of a Scooby Doo episode, and I say that without much exaggeration; it's that bad and that unapologetic in how it half-ass sets it up and throws together a conclusion.There are plot holes big enough to drive an armored car through just everywhere. Inexplicable and illogical doesn't even begin to scratch the surface. I have to admit that I was pulled in for awhile. But around the midway point, I was beginning to wonder how they were going to tie everything together and make it work. The more I think about it now, it almost makes me angry I spend nearly 20 bucks for this tripe. I might have felt a little better if the arrogant Jesse Eisenberg character had received the punishment he deserved. The "twist" ending should totally insult your intelligence (unless discovering Mr. Withers was the phantom of the haunted amusement park totally still blows your mind).Unless you're 13, or have the the mentality of someone that age, do not waste your money at the theater.
평점: 8	리뷰: I hang with professional Magicians who ripped this movie. I am also a magician. One said to me that he expected the whole movie to have actual magic tricks. If that was the case go to a theater magician production. THIS IS A MOVIE. Everything that was done was based on actual magic tricks and could have been done with real effects but a lot was done with editing or CGI. This was done because the amount of time that all the actor/actresses would have had to put in to be able to pull off the effects would have been almost a year. No one has that amount of time to put in for a single movie. I enjoyed the movie a great deal. I thought the writing was tight, the acting good, I have two problems with the movie. One the editing, the fight scenes are editing so badly you cannot understand what is going on. Either the editor or director wasn't comfortable with themselves and elected to go with fast editing which ruined that part of the movie and actually pulled me out and I had to push my way back into the movie. Second, everything was resolved
평점: 6	리뷰: What You Should Know – Look closely because the closer you look the more you'll ignore this film's foolishness. Like most summer blockbusters it doesn't make perfect sense, but that doesn't stop it from being a fun film to watch especially with that incredible, though unbelievable, ending.What Works – The misdirection is impressive. The story isn't about the four magicians or the heists they "magically" perform. While that would have made more sense this movie moves in cheap tricks and clever nonsense.What Doesn't Work – All the unanswered questions. There is a scene where a romance is sparked, but it never ignites and another scene where they argue about where they will go once they perform their final trick, but they don't actually go anywhere. There are a lot of missing parts that leave this puzzle filled with too many holes to see the big picture.What I Thought – Wait for DVD Now You See Me is what any magic act should be – fascinating to figure out and tricky when revealed. Mark Rafflo stomps around most of the movie so upset at any moment you'd expect him to turn into The Hulk and Jesse Eisenberg plays the same smart and smug "genius" he did in The Social Network. That's not a great mash-up – at least not great enough to see in theaters. Instead of having audiences leave in awe and applause, there is a residue of deceit and dissatisfaction.
평점: 5	리뷰: Four street performers are recruited by some mysterious character and bank-rolled by Michael Caine. They decide to embark on what appears to be a socialist-inspired reallocation of wealth via "magic." It's Robin Hood in CGI but lacking in charm.Did you ever go to a Harry Potter movie and see rows upon rows of disenfranchised middle schoolers longing to go from invisible to invincible? They had read the book and fantasized about instant fame, power and popularity.Now take the most devoted Potterite and put this film in front of them and they will be bored and overcome with some of the juvenile "stupid" that flows through this movie. Even as fantasy, it isn't plausible.Woody Harrellson is fun to watch. The money must have been good for Morgan Freeman to smugly mug his way through....only to be outsmarted in the end by a surprise ending that makes you want to stand up and yell "Really?" If you like movie dumbness which paints business as evil and average Joes as victims, you might enjoy this. But if you want to see real movie magic, rent The Prestige. It's much better and it will actually require you to warm up some brain cells....unlike Now You Bore Me.
평점: 5	리뷰: If you're are looking for entertainment and you don't really care about the depth of the plot then this is the movie for you. The cast was really great especially Jesse Eisenberg,Woody Harrelson, Mélanie Laurent (Melanie was really sexy), Morgan Freeman, and Michael Caine. People who were just looking for pure action and thrill have really enjoyed this movie but those who wanted more said the plot is lacking and there was really no development in the movie. I didn't even know where the climax was. It has aerial shots that was used in big budgeted movies and you can see the modernity of the visuals used. Some parts were really corny like Mark Ruffalo and Melanie Laurent's love affair and the time Isla Fisher went inside a big bubble and just levitated. It's not an analytic movie, I thought they were a bit trying hard if they were aiming for that. SO AGAIN, it's up to you if beauty is external or more of internal.
평점: 8	리뷰: Don't be fooled. You will not leave the theater being disappointed. This film does not disappoint. The true magic is its ability to capture your attention. It engages you in the story whether it is outlandish or not, that is the thrill of the film. I was let down by the lack of character development overall. It was evident throughout the movie, and the audience never gets a true look into the protagonists' personalities, which could be argued 'adds to the elusiveness of the magicians' but it was definitely lacking in that department. This is partly due to the writing. The writing could have been better, but then again no writing is perfect. However, the film was a solid 8 overall for me. It delivered a perplexing plot of a chaotic and mystical game of cat and mouse. It did not fail to induce good laughter. The overall story inspired thought in the audience, and the resolution was closed well, yet still left room for interpretation which I enjoy. Believable? Hardly, but is magic believable? Appreciate this movie for what it is.
평점: 8	리뷰: I don't know about you, but I like a movie that can make me think. Hence, my love for Christopher Nolan movies. One of Nolan's best movies is The Prestige, which is a twisty tale about magicians. As a huge admirer of that movie, I have been anxiously awaiting the next great magician movie. The latest is Now You See Me, and it isn't great. But it is a great amount of fun. There isn't a boring second in the whole two hours, and in a summer filled with big budget blockbusters, it's nice to see something with a bigger brain.The film revolves around a group of magicians called "The Four Horsemen" (Jessie Eisenberg, Isla Fisher, Woody Harrelson, and Dave Franco). During one of their shows, they somehow steal millions of dollars from a bank in France within the course of about ten seconds. How? Well, don't ask me. But that is a question that both the F.B.I. and Interpol are interested in. The two main agents following them are played by the wonderful Mark Ruffalo and Melanie Laurent, two actors I really like. Michael Caine also stars as the Horseman's financier, and Morgan Freeman also shows up as a former magician determined to bring the Horsemen down.Going into Now You See Me, I expected it to be either really terrible or really good. With a cast as golden as this one, I would've hoped it wouldn't go wrong. It doesn't. All of the actors are having a blast, and we are with them. This is nothing but a good time from start to finish, and it will leave you guessing until the very end. The twist is impressive, even though I'm not quite sure I fully understand the motive in it.The actor that probably stands out the most is Harrelson. Here is an actor that will always have your attention no matter what he does. Harrelson is there basically for comic relief, even though most of the actors get good lines. Eisenberg's character is a good one, even though he is basically Mark Zuckerburg in magician form.Overall, this isn't even the best movie of the summer, so summer has been pretty good. I actually do prefer the bigger budget movies like Iron Man 3 and Star Trek Into Darkness, but this is good escapism. Don't let the critics or your feelings towards the trailer fool you. You will be pleasantly surprised. It's a lot better than it could've been. It could've been disastrous, but instead it works well on the summer line-up. Go see this, and ignore that Will Smith movie. I haven't seen it yet, but I think we can all imagine how that will turn out.B+
평점: 5	리뷰: "Now You See Me" is a enjoyable popcorn flick. However, it tends to be more flash than actual substance.The concept of the film is intriguing, but it isn't done in an all too interesting way. It's just a fast paced film that throws a lot of stuff at you, but never truly lets you absorb what is happening. The magic show scenes are one of the highlights of the movie as it's full of energy and the right amount of flash. My personal favorite moment is a fight/chase scene in the third act of the movie with Dave Franco. It's shot well and has some really nice fight choreography.My biggest gripe with the film is the cinematography and editing. The camera is always moving, either rotating around actors as they talk or around the scenery. It's hard to focus and at times I became nauseated. Editing in the film is incredibly quick, which takes away from taking in some of these elaborate shots. On a positive note, it does get more tamed as the movie progresses mainly in the third act.The cast is fine, but only two characters really stand out. Not that everyone else is giving a bad performance, but the characters they play lack substance or any really good one liners. The best characters are Woody Harrelson's and Mark Ruffalo's. Harrelson's character has the best lines and the best moments. He's funny, charismatic, and at the same time wise. Ruffalo's character is the most developed and intriguing. He's an FBI agent, who seems to have luck always against him and we can't help, but cheer for him. The rest of the cast is either throw away, like Isla Fisher and Dave Franco, or interesting, but underdeveloped, like Jesse Eisenberg and Morgan Freeman.Overall, "Now You See Me" is an enjoyable film that chooses flash over substance. Characters are mainly paper thin as they're underdeveloped or pushed to the side aside from Ruffalo and Harrelson. The film has a nice soundtrack that gives it the right amount of energy. However, the dizzying camera work and rapid editing make it really hard to be absorbed into the story. I give it 2.5/5, an enjoyable film that doesn't always engage with it's high concept and original story.
평점: 6	리뷰: The most I can say about Now You See Me is that it was okay. I don't think that it was spectacular like many critics are saying. Now don't get me wrong, this movie had one of the most interesting ideas I've seen in a while. The idea of magicians using their act as a front to rob banks and give some money back to the little guy was what drew me into this movie in the first place. But once you're sitting there watching its just kinda like "eh". I don't mean to sound snobby, I just think that maybe the movie talked itself up to much and it suffered because of it. For one thing the movie moves really fast for itself. By this i mean that once the horseman acquire their act in Vegas and Mark Ruffalo is called in to catch them after the bank robbery it just feels like i'm already in the middle of the movie. As the movie progresses it eventually catches up with itself, but regrettably this made it hard to watch. Also i felt like the protagonists didn't get enough screen time, I get that if we saw too much of the 4 horsemen it would have given away the secrets to their tricks and such thus sort of ruining the twists at the end but i felt like they could have given them a few more scenes that didn't exactly inform the plot but kind of provided some fan service. I think the thing that baffled me the most though was how supernatural the film got. I was expecting the usual magician tricks or y'know things that seemed a bit believable. But after the scene with the curtains and Isla Fisher floating in a giant bubble, all preconceived notions of reality sort of went out the window. So in conclusion i give "Now You See Me" a 6-10 it was so-so.
평점: 4	리뷰: This was a really entertaining movie with a disappointing end. The visual effects were excellent. The magic tricks were entertaining. (There was even a card trick near the beginning of the film that the movie audience was essentially able to take part in.) The acting was was believable. (I suppose that you could argue it was good, but I found myself disinterested in most of the characters.) For most of the film the story made sense. Unfortunately, the writer(s) threw in one too many plot twists and pushed the film over the edge of plausibility into the realm of silliness. They also left a lot of loose ends dangling. Four stars might be a bit harsh, but so was the let down at the end.
평점: 8	리뷰: 'NOW YOU SEE ME': Four Stars (Out of Five) Heist film about a team of four magicians who rob banks while performing shows and then disperse their loot to their audiences. The film reunites stars Jesse Eisenberg and Woody Harrelson (who also co-starred in the popular zombie comedy film 'ZOMBIELAND') as well as teams them with an all-star cast including Mark Ruffalo, Isla Fisher, Dave Franco, Melanie Laurent, Morgan Freeman and Michael Caine. It was directed by Louis Leterrier (who also helmed such action films as 'THE INCREDIBLE HULK', the first two 'TRANSPORTER' movies and the 'CLASH OF THE TIANS' remake) and written by Ed Solomon, Boaz Yakin and Edward Ricourt. The film is a very fun, fast-paced and clever caper film that I had a blast watching (for the most part).The film centers around four magicians: J. Daniel Atlas (Eisenberg), Merrit McKinney (Harrelson), Henley Reeves (Fisher) and Jack Wilder (Franco). As the film opens they're all called to the same location by mysterious cards left for them. The film then fast forwards to a year later when the four are working together as a team putting on an elaborate magic show where they apparently rob a guest of all his money (seemingly in a bank they transport him to at another location). An FBI agent, named Dylan Rhodes (Ruffalo), and an Interpol agent, named Alma Dray (Laurent), are then teamed together and assigned to the magician case as the illusionists get ready to pull off another big heist.The film is packed with clever magic tricks and witty lines. It's extremely humorous at times and the elaborate schemes are very involving. It's a little far-fetched and perhaps overly complicated but it's still extremely entertaining. I was blown away by the smart script, stylized directing and exhilarating pace. It's also highlighted by a great cast. Eisenberg is one of my favorite actors and seeing the normally really insecure nerd playing a cocky and overly confident ladies' man is kind of interesting for a change. Pairing him with the always fantastic Harrelson is cool once again as well. The rest of the cast are all adequate in their parts too. The movie does get a little bogged down at times, which is a little startling due to it's normal fast pace but those scenes are few and far between. For the most part it's a very well made and entertaining film. It's inspiring to see Eisenberg pull off yet another successful film.Watch our movie review show 'MOVIE TALK' at: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=72ucjLaVv_8
평점: 6	리뷰: OK movie, as long as you don't think too much. Need a cadaver? No problem.Start with the cast. Jesse Eisenberg is cocky and too fast talking. Mark Ruffalo is calm and scruffy. Isla Fisher is screechy, like chalk on a blackboard. Dave Franco is the wrong Franco. Melanie Laurrent doesn't have the chops. Woody Harrelson seems to be making an effort and he steals every scene. The two old stars sleep walk through their parts.Like magic, film editing should be seamless. In this movie the editing is noticeable and distracting. Fast pace takes you from Las Vegas, to New Orleans and New York but why?If you suspend your disbelief big time and sit back and take the ride it's an OK trip. About an hour after the end credits you think back and think did I miss something and they hypnotized me into thinking this was a good movie. It should have been better.
평점: 6	리뷰: Yes, a genuine disappointment any way you cut it. There's nothing clever or even very fun on display in this movie. You spend 95% of the film wondering why an actor as great as Mark Ruffalo agreed to play the dumbest cop/federal agent ever put to film. When you get the answer, it validates the film's own shallow stupidity. What a waste of a great cast. Morgan Freeman is useless and absolutely wasted in this effort as is Woody Harrelson. None of the Four Horsemen magicians are fleshed out at all and the narrative shifts suddenly between Ruffalo's character and brief peeks in to the actions of the four magicians. It just doesn't work at all as a compelling story.
평점: 6	리뷰: WOW!!!That's exactly how I feel about NOW YOU SEE ME. Frankly, I don't see why many dissed the film. Perhaps, because this one constantly urged them to actually use almost 90% percent of your brain to decode the tricks in the entire movie from start to end.No doubt the movie is a mixture of numerous tricks ranging from optics to numbers to common logic. And there were also some that still remained to be explained; supernatural maybe. Nevertheless, the movie was both totally mind-blowing and mind-boggling.To be honest, I'm not all too crazy with Louis Leterrier as the director. I mean his take on the 2010 remake of CLASH OF THE TITANS was quite a disappointment.However, the ensemble cast was amazing, cool and slick; just as I had expected them to be. But the intricacies of panning out the plot was a complex one. So much so that there was an essence of solving a mystery a la the Nicholas Cage's film, NATIONAL TREASURE. There was also that essence of Dan Brown's "Robert Langdon" style which we saw in THE DA VINCI CODE and ANGELS & DEMONS.However, the more intriguing charm about NOW YOU SEE ME is that it actually compels the audience to think as to how the "magicians" were able to literally trick the audience. In other words, it's like watching that TV show, "Secrets of Magicians Revealed" with Morgan Freeman played its TV-equivalent of Mitch Pileggi who revealed how each of the tricks were pulled off.No doubt there is a twist to this one and you would constantly try to figure out who was behind the whole grand plan. At times, I was convinced that it was Freeman himself but he was none other than a red herring.I mean the plot got so twisted that I simply gave up and chose to sit through the movie as the end revealed the real mastermind. In actual fact, this person was right under our very nose that we didn't see it coming.I'd see it again.
평점: 8	리뷰: Eisenberg, as I'm sure many will notice, is beginning to develop his own typical character: the quick-witted, arrogant-yet-jittery, young smart guy. But instead of running facebook, this time he's one of the top magicians in the world. And he's perfectly cast for it.The movie follows 4 magicians or illusionists in various stages of their careers, as they all receive mysterious invites to join up. After meeting, the "Four Horsemen" go all Robin Hood, robbing banks and stealing from CEOs as part of their shows, and giving the money away to the audience. The Incredible HulkI mean, Mark Ruffalo, plays the FBI agent trying to lock them all up, while Morgan Freeman plays the narrator explaining everything to youI mean, the ex-magician trying to debunk the magicreally, that's just a clever way to get Freeman to narrate stuffPros: - Everyone puts on a solid performance. No weak points acting-wise, great job on casting. - It's fast-paced, the action never hits any dull parts. And even the small romance scenes don't drag on long enough to take away from anything. You're pretty locked-in from start to finish. - Particularly great scenes between Eisenberg, Ruffalo, and Harrelson in the first half of the movie. - Great ending, if you've been paying attention. Cons: - You wish there was more dialog between Eisenberg and Harrelson. - The 2nd half of the movie might move a bit too fastagain, pay attention. - Somebody thought this was a Marvel movie for like 5 seconds, and had The Hulk fighting Gambitwaitis that a bad thing?...Overall, this movie is a solid flick with some great actors that you shouldn't sleep on. It clocks in at just under 2 hours, but it won't feel that long at all.
평점: 7	리뷰: I was so excited by the trailer although I thought the trailer revealed more than it should.I had high expectations for the movie and it delivered more than I expected except for the ending.Different people will feel differently about the ending but in my opinion it was not much convincing, need to have more proof on how it happened. But apart from that, the movie had a good pace where everything is happening at quick sessions where you don't see scenes wasting time. Jesse Eisenberg was great again,I was so impressed with his arrogant character in "The Social Network" and he has actually inherited some of those characteristics to his character in "Now You See Me" too. His style of speech gives a great personality to the character he plays. In stories like this, (like Italian Job, Ocean 13) although our story leaders are robbers or con artists, we want them to win. We like them to succeed. But will NYSM story leaders win their game against the determined FBI agent Dylan Rhodes (Mark Ruffalo)? What is Thaddeus Bradley's (Morgan Freeman) role behind all these? Fascinating and exciting movie "Now You See Me" is worth to watch as you don't know how the time pass by until it ends.
평점: 7	리뷰: Rating: 3 out of Fordyce (Very Good)It is always nice to see something different at the movies. With so many plot retreads, Now You See Me is a a great mystery that is a lot of fun. The story revolves around four magicians, who team up to perform the greatest illusions ever. They have a benefactor, who is helping them, and when they appear to rob a bank in Paris live on a Las Vegas stage the FBI and Interpol set out to find out what is going on.The twists and turns in this one will keep you interested and curious. It all winds up in a neat little package with a surprise ending. Doing their jobs well are the actors who amaze us: Jesse Eisenberg, Woody Harrelson, Mark Ruffalo, Mélanie Laurent, Michael Caine, and Morgan Freeman all make you believe they are who they are. But are they? Go enjoy this movie and find out! It gets a very good 3 out of Fordyce.Credit Check: There is no bonus scene at the end, so go home unless you like reading credits.
평점: 9	리뷰: This movie is a joy! Illusion, deception, secrets, twists, turns, suspense.it's got it all plus plenty of action. Some of my favorite stars are in this one: Morgan Freeman, Mark Ruffalo, Jessie Eisenberg, Woody Harrelson, Michael Caine.just the line-up alone should tell you that you have a treat in store. And you do! There were more people in the audience than usual for this one, and they were all as happy as I was, evidently, with the way the film went because a good half of us applauded the end. If you want action with a pretty fair plot involved – which is so often rare in the land of action films – and a picture that will keep you guessing all the way through, this is the one for you.
평점: 1	리뷰: I don't want to give this movie less then 4 because it was a fine movie.When i saw the trailer of the movie before buying the tickets it was such an amazing and interesting trailer and then they screwed everything in the movie..It was such a bad movie that i even don't want to think about it any more..Such a bad movie and whoever wrote that crappy script is a guy who is completely out of his mindIn terms of Movie Directing it wasn't so bad it is actually very good shooting.....But in terms of story and script it was a piece of crapIf your going to the Theatre any time soon, do not go this movie i totally recommend you to go to any other movie instead of this movieMaybe some people would like it but i didn'tat the beginning of the movie it looks great but after maybe 10-15 Minutes it starts to get boring and just an idiotic movie I didn't like 'Now You See Me' at all!!!!so am going to give it 4 out of 10 because of its grating directing but in terms of story it was so bad!!!!!!
평점: 9	리뷰: Its one of the best of this year. A concept of 4 street magicians making big in US with an bank robbery and the events followed after that. Its engaging right from first sequence. Its fast paced,mind-crackling and the more you think you can predict the movie opposite it appear which keep you stunned. Great performances by all specially Jesse (still in social network phase), Mark Rufallo,etc. It makes you want to go back and see it twice to understand it better, and just like all magic tricks, some of it can't be explained and you are left with no answer but to believe that what you saw was true. And to me that's fun Trust me you will not get each and everything in one go. To understand magic and its illusion you need to see couple of times. It has a lot of wit, clever plot, suspense, magic, humor, twists, and action.Loved it :) Aabra ka Daabra ..... You will go KABOOM !!!!!!!!!
평점: 6	리뷰: This is one of those movies that is somewhat entertaining upon first viewing but is easily forgettable and has nothing of substance to make a second viewing possible to enjoy. The plot is convoluted as we don't know what the main characters are doing or why. In fact, everything we know about the 4 magicians is revealed in the first 10 minutes of the movie and after that there is ZERO character development! The entire movie appears to have been made solely for the sake of the ending and yet it was so cliché that I was actually a little angry about the way they did it. It's unfortunate that in the filmmaker's attempts to be clever they neglected the most fundamental elements of storytelling: plot and character.Like a magic show without magic, you may find yourself somewhat entertained but inevitably wind up disappointed in the end because they left out the most important part of the show.
평점: 7	리뷰: Thriller as a genre doesn't cease to entice you because it is a sphere that doesn't have a beginning or an end. The more you roll, the more you will have! Here's one movie that is a sphere in its own entity – 'Now I can see you'! It didn't entice a title, does it as a movie?The movie teasers let the plot out! So it's all the more fun to see how the script has been executed. Magicians turn infidels! That's the only thing we can leak out. How they use their talents is what is enticing! Looked like an old story to us but there's something new in here! Director Louis Leterrier, where have you heard that name before? Transporter series of course! His work seemed like an 'Oceans 11' extension but it is only a mere comparison because both the movies deal with heists. The director hasn't tried too hard. He's kept things simple and scripted quite a decent movie. Technically sound, the movie does have its share of flaws and importantly blank spaces in the plot itself. That's because the director has chosen to get the characters called 'The Four Horsemen' to do the talking rather than the plot by itself. When you see bad, there's always a good bloke who wants to end the menace. Mark Rufallo as the cop has his FBI shoes on and tries his best! Let's talk about the pace of the movie. May be the first 60 minutes were like a Japanese magnetic train and then the following time frame till the end seemed like a tad tiring disclosure of facts. Should the screenplay be a little faster, the movie would have been even more engrossing to watch. Seasoned actor Morgan Freeman gets his bunch of dialogues, at a very nagging time of the movie, making it all the more tiring for the viewer. Explanations for most unanswered questions were answered towards the climax. It seemed like, 'a few questions, don't have answers'! Finally an element of suspense that we wouldn't want to leak here doesn't quite go with the audience because the entire premise of the movie is not convincingly explained. Let's give the errors a pass, the almost convincing robbing techniques, highly imaginative modern day illusion depiction and not to forget the characterizations of each of the individual street magicians, this movie has every reason to be a time spending investment!
평점: 3	리뷰: Its odd how many people liked this movie, when watching it the introduction of the 4 horse men was pretty interesting but what happened after was not so impressive. The "magic performances" are lack luster on the big screen. I'm not saying I can't suspend belief but in this film anytime something "magic" was happening it was rather underwhelming. The rest of the film you are following a cop that has no idea where he is going or what he should be doing next. If the director was trying to invoke emotions of pity and boredom then job well done. In the scene where the 4 horsemen are in New York worrying about being caught made me realize that I knew nothing about them besides they are magicians and they don't have the best group chemistry. So who cares if they get caught? At this point you have invested more time with the cop and you begin wondering who this story is really about. If you like crime movies there are a lot of choices and some really stunning ones but this film would not be one of them.
평점: 7	리뷰: Having all the gloss, glamour and bedazzlement of a Vegas act, it lacks a definitive and in-depth story, and has no focal point in storytelling point-of-view. Louis Leterrier's thriller follows the heists of four magicians in 'Ocean's 11' style. Though it's entertaining throughout, and has two actors from the Nolan franchise (Michael Caine and Morgan Freeman), don't compare it to Nolan's masterpiece in the magic realm, 'The Prestige'.The whole cast is incredible, and play characters different from their previous roles, but the characters lack depth and texture. The character interactions and one-liners are filled with adequate amount of wit and humour. Though the characters seem interesting, their presence is lost in the stupendous situations and ridiculous twists.I have to say once again, the movie is spectacular and keeps you hooked from beginning till end, but there's a difference between being tricked and being cheated.
평점: 4	리뷰: I remember seeing the trailers for this and I thought it really looked great. Reading some of the reviews on here, many of them "claim" that people with a low IQ dislike the film. Well, I don't mean to toot my own horn but I don't think I'm a stupid individual and I've seen thousands of movies...more than your average joe because I love movies. However, this was a stone cold dud. Decent cast, some real twists and turns but a blatantly complicated plot line that makes little sense and tries way too hard just to be complex. A truly smart film can be smart and tricky without trying SO hard. Now You See Me just throws in all kinds of tricks and twists without any build up or thinking about whether or not it makes sense. It was a very interesting experience when the big final twist of the movie was revealed and everyone in the theatre I was in gasped and then that was immediately followed by many people whispering "That's dumb," "That doesn't make sense." They are exactly right. The big twist has no groundwork laid for it and makes no sense at all but by that time you are so completely lost in the silly story that you won't care that it doesn't make sense.The cast certainly is not the issue for this film. The cast is actually pretty good. I'm just surprised they actually signed on to this but then again it is making okay money at the box office. I didn't much care for Jesse Eisenberg's character. That's not to say he didn't do a good job, I just didn't like him much. His character is smug and egotistical but fits the role nicely and carries the cast well. I thought Woody Harrelson was excellent in his role as a mentalist that can hypnotize. He was probably my favourite character and yet there wasn't a lot done with him which is unfortunate. Isla Fisher and Dave Franco I lump together because while they were good they were mostly underused and sort of the sidekicks to Eisenberg and Harrelson most of the time. I think if I was making a film like this I would ensure the four of them share an equal amount of screen time and have strong characters. But they do well. Mark Ruffalo is the FBI agent trying to get to the bottom of the group of thieves. Ruffalo is good, shows lots of intensity and the appropriate amount of angst for cop vs robbers. Unfortunately for her I thought Mélanie Laurent was very near pointless. I suppose she was there to give the audience yet another possible suspect, and also to give Ruffalo a romance but both those angles were completely unnecessary and her monotone line delivery was enough to put you to sleep. Finally, we have two legends Morgan Freeman and Michael Caine. The best scenes in this movie easily are the ones with just the two of them on screen because their chemistry and on screen charisma is enough to carry any scene. However they are definitely blatantly used for their name power and the weak script does nothing for them.Given director Louis Leterrier is a talented director, I'm surprised at really how bad the film was shot. Were there some nicely shot scenes? Yes there was but few and far between. I have actually seen all of Leterrier's films and this was by far the worst of them. I will give props to them in the opening scene when they play a magic trick that actually worked on me...they picked the car that I picked...I wonder if it works on everyone? After that the film falls into a complex web of lies and deceit and completely silly twists and turns that make little to no sense. Perhaps there are two many hands in the pot. There are no less than five screenwriters and story artists on the film. Its hard enough to find two writers that can jive and work together let alone five. Basically, Now You See Me was a huge disappointment for me. In a summer of blockbusters you need something better than this. 4/10
평점: 7	리뷰: This is a very good movie.I have to say when my b/f wanted to go see this movie I assumed it would be another 'guy' movie aka heist movie all about action and chicks in skimpy dresses.But this is actually a good movie! I was interested the whole time and the story is really good. I liked a lot of the actors in this recognizing them from other stuff, obviously I like Jesse Eisenberg.I recommend this movie if you want to watch a fun movie that is also not stupid because the plot is pretty smart for a heist type movie such as this.
평점: 9	리뷰: NOW YOU SEE ME is crime/thriller film directed by Louis Leterrier, starring Jesse Eisenberg, Isla Fischer, Woody Harrelson, Dave Franco, Mark Ruffalo, Morgan Freeman & Michael Caine.The film revolves around 4 magicians, who rob a bank, using magic. The police want to know how they did it, and why.The trailer of Now You See Me, was quite short, to be honest. It didn't reveal a whole lot of information, however, it gave just enough to engross the viewer. The idea of magic and detective worked quite well together and since it was a story never touched before, I decided to give it a shot, and so I booked my ticket for Now You See Me.My immediate conclusion at the end of this film: IT IS ONE HELL OF A TIME. Yes, magic and good acting has managed to get the better side of the audience. With such a great star cast, Now You See Me is a smart, intelligent film with many twists that will only be understood when watched under close attention. The final twist, at the end, is one you don't even see a mile away; its that good.So, Now You See Me is a great time. It takes a lot of thought though, but if you do so, its possible to understand the whole case and have a great experience. Like the title of this review says: magic IS always the answer to everything, including the ending.NOW YOU SEE ME: 9/10
평점: 9	리뷰: I have to say I was skeptical about the movie when I first saw the trailer but I was blown away by how great the movie was when I saw it and I think it's one of my new favorites. The movie is a great mystery thriller with just the perfect amount of comedic aspects in it. I thought the acting was great in it with awesome performances from Mark Ruffalo, Woody Harrelson, Morgan Freeman, Jesse Eisenberg and Michael Caine. I also have to give Dave Franco some credit because I was pleasantly surprised with his acting and I thought he did a great job.Overall, the movie was fantastic and I recommend that everyone goes and sees it. The plot is so original and well thought out and it keeps you guessing the whole time with new twists all throughout the whole movie.I defiantly would give give it a solid 9.
평점: 10	리뷰: If measure for good magician is that his illusions are discover-able only by his own revelation, then this director is the best Magician in Holly- town. The explanation for each magic by the cast at many scenes are wonderful. Performances by the actors are really wonderful!!!Loved the movie. Twists are not small part of the movie, it kept us engaged till the core."Everything has a end" is the dialogue in the movie during the last magic event of the movie, I don't want this movie to be done here.. Expecting more from this team.. Definitely one of the best movies in the year. :)
평점: 8	리뷰: 7.5 stars, rounding up to 8. My family wanted to go so I took them, not eagerly after reading the Rotten Tomatoes assessment. Darned if I didn't like it. I think the key was, early on, just letting myself go and suspending belief. Some of the illusions just would not seem viable otherwise. What helped was the breakneck pacing. It starts out at 90 miles per hour and does not let up. No chance to reflect or get bored because once you start, BAM!, it's off to something else. The plot, generally, I do not find plausible. I saw the ending criticized elsewhere. Again, suspend belief and it is not a problem. Magic is kind of fun to me, and I think that helped get me through. I would recommend this movie to a friend, along with some of my advice above for viewing.
평점: 9	리뷰: A group of magi cans(Jesse Eisenberg, Isla Fischer, Woody Harrelson, and Dave Franco) are pulled together to pull off a bunch different heists, not knowing who brought them all together to do this. Two FBI agents(Mark Ruffalo and Melanie Laurent) who are hot on there trail, will they be able stay two steps ahead of them? In the world of magic, nothing is what it seems.Everybody is pretty watchable, nobody really stands out. This movie has a lot of twists and turns, you just won't see coming, just when you think you know, it will throw you off completely. The magic scenes are pretty effective, it was quite dazzling. If you want to forget about The Incredible Burt Wordersone, then I believe Now You See Me will do that for you.
평점: 5	리뷰: "Now You See Me" started quite convincingly that makes audience curious of how they did that trick. Their first show at Las Vegas as The Hourseman when they rob a bank is really interesting to see and I thought this movie would be promising, complicated and mind blowing. But unfortunately after that scene, this movie becomes slow and tries to be smart for audience which is actually not. I found myself bored and exhausted watching half of the movie. There are many questions to this movie that has no answer to be explained. The trick itself is kind of impossible and not makes any sense that only could happen in a movie. In other words, audience is forced to accept that the concept of the movie is brilliant. The chemistry between characters here are also poor development, chemistry is one of the most important aspect if people want to create this kind of movie. It's too shamed, they have so many talented casts here that should be exploited. Compared with what "Ocean's Trilogy" had done about their casts, "Now You See Me" not even close with that. Overall, "Now You See Me" is an enjoyable movie to see and quite fun. But don't expect this movie would make any impacts like their magician predecessors did in "The Prestige" and "The Illusionist"
평점: 8	리뷰: I suggest you people to go watch this movie as early as you can because 14th June is round the corner (MoS!) , and this movie is high on background score(Brian Tyler w00t w00t!), a decent plot, tricky direction and of course, smart performers. The cast was so balanced. I have seen such a perfectly chosen ensemble after a really long time. Though Eisenberg should have been given some more screen space. And Isla Fisher is much more prettier than her 'Wedding Crashers' days.The first half is not that slow, but actually not much is shown in the first half in comparison to the second half which manages to keep you at the edge of your seats, mounting to a satisfying climax in the end.Morgan Freeman looked frail for the first time on screen-diluted pupils, weak mouthing of lines. And that made me really sad and worried. People might end up hating the movie because of the simple fact that it lets out secrets as much as it elevates the magic trick in the next sequence, and so on and so on- which is a bold thing to pull off. The mythological connection should be explored more in the sequel if they make one(confused if they will or not) . Overall, Eisenberg-Freeman-Fisher-Caine-Ruffalo & Co. will ensure you don't come out of the theater disappointed. The illusion-shots are superb. And please, don't keep guessing the ending before it comes. Let it grow and flow as designed. That's the key to enjoy a heist movie you know!
평점: 10	리뷰: Okay I have never done I review before but I seriously suggest y'all go an watch this movie.It is AMAZING it has a good story to Magicians and Magic if you still like movies about magic and crimes and stuff then you should watch it.its really Mind-blowing and it makes you wanna keep watching it and not take your eyes off the screen. It's one you have to pay Attention to so you will know what is going on and were there going to next. I'm seriously in LOVE with this movie it's freaking awesome.. But this Movie is Definitely one worth Seeing. It's Definitely my FAVORITE movie. I don't wanna spoil it cause I want y'all to see it for Y'all's self.I need to shut up or I'll go on and on and on about how much Im in love with it and how amazing it is.
평점: 6	리뷰: "Now You See Me" was a pretty good movie, I think it was really hyped up to be something that it wasn't because the previews made you think that there was going to be a huge mega show of an ending. The high points of the movie were based around the actual magic, as a whole the tricks were good, and I think that they did a good job of explaining how they pulled everything off. There was a little bit of comedy that lightened the serious mood, and once again the tricks made the movie worth watching. I gave this movie a 6 out of 10 because the movie was cohesive until the end. There was really an incomplete ending with no explanation of what made their common goal so worth it. Overall, I'm iffy on recommending this movie. I wouldn't pay full price to see this movie in stores, but I think it is a good movie to just watch. - Christian J.
평점: 8	리뷰: Its not often, that I get completely bamboozled by movie plots, or if I am, its so well done that it doesn't matter. Now You See Me did a fine job. I'll try to keep any info that may ruin the movie out of this review. Starring Jessie Eisenberg (Social Network), Mark Ruffalo (Avengers), Woody Harrelson (Seven Psychopaths), Isla Fisher (The Great Gatsby), Dave Franco (21 Jump Street), and Melanie Laurent (Inglorious Bastards), Now You See Me is about four magicians who all specialize in a different field of magic and are brought together mysteriously and hence forth perform around the country using their talents to carry out heists, pretty much in front of the FBI's noses, specifically Ruffalo's and Laurent's characters'. I was well pleased with the direction of the movie. The acting while pleasing lacked depth and the "love story" if you can call it that, was weak at best. The movie kept me engaged the whole time, while I feverishly tried to figure it out but it was difficult because it was so entertaining! :)In the end I wasn't completely oblivious, I figured just a few small things out but the ending was a surprise and right in front of my face. I kept replaying the tag line, "Look closer, because the closer you think you are, the less you'll actually see," in my head. I tried not to look close but I did and I saw less. :) Regardless though, I was thoroughly entertained and after all isn't that the point of a movie about illusion? To keep me guessing and entertained! I'd spend the money and see this one in theaters.
평점: 8	리뷰: It was an typical theist with a twist of magic ,the overall concept was good as it keeps you guessing till the very end what is the trick behind the previous act.It is very much an watch-able movie where an old concept of an theist has been presented in an new way ,the end is quite interesting .Those who like thriller movies must watch it once .All the actors play an good job in the movie .Morgan freeman was as usual good with his effortless acting Woody Harrelson and Mark Ruffalo also did a good job .The back track that play's along the length of the movie adds a good touch .This movie is surely one to watch out for and guaranteed you will not leave disappointed .
평점: 8	리뷰: The movie was extremely entertaining. I have seen many reviews that were complaining about plot holes, but I have none of the "plot holes" that they were complaining of did not actually exist. There are some unanswered questions, but none that I thought were overly important. The ending was slightly disappointing and a few of the relationships between characters seemed a little forced, but the strengths of this movie outweigh its weaknesses. It has a fantastic plot and lots of great lines. Most of the questions I had throughout the movie were answered, or clearly intentionally unanswered to be mysterious. Some other people seem to have confused style choices of the movie with plot holes. I have no idea why so many people have been so harsh about this movie. This movie is extremely fun, and very interesting.
평점: 8	리뷰: When I watched its trailer, I thought it is similar to the Prestige and Illusionist. (By the way I loved both movies). Magic/illusions always fascinate me and it influenced half of my decision to watch this movie, while the other half was supported by the strong cast of this movie like Morgan Freeman, Jesse, Ruffalo, Woody and Isla. Although it does not stand anywhere near Prestige and Illusionist but that doesn't mean it is not a good movie. The movie started off very strongly and created interest immediately. However, as the plot unveiled, it turned out to be an average- Not bad but not great even as expected. As this is an illusion based movie, it keeps the viewer confused for most of the time and reveals answers in end. The acting was good, although the character building was weak. The movie still entertains till the last seen.
평점: 5	리뷰: Good Plot, bad execution... I went with high expectations after reading all the great reviews. In fact, movie indeed starts on a high note which further raises expectations. Unfortunately, "Now You See Me" fails miserably after first half and director seems to had no clue how to end this movie so he turns four smart magicians who did great in their first performance and police interrogations into four ordinary criminals that runaway after their second performance..Phew! I realized, movie was going down-south from this point and it indeed never recovered. I am not saying that the movie was bad, but if you go with high expectations, you will be disappointed. It's easy to build expectations with cast like Morgan Freeman and Michael Caine, one of them had literally no role. Go with low expectations and keep your brain at home and probably you will enjoy it more.
평점: 8	리뷰: Reviewed by: Dare Devil Kid (DDK) Rating: 3.7/5 starsUnabashedly entertaining, relentlessly engrossing, and delightfully mesmerizing. "Now You See Me" is the kind of heist film that cockily displays the lighter side of entertainment in the crime genre with oodles of style and chutzpah. But the discerning viewer too gets his share of the pie with the ample twists and turns, which keep you riveted and guessing right till the end - a rare feat to accomplish in movies these days. Boasting of an all star cast, each actor brings forth a unique charm and persona to his/her role.The icing on the cake is the jolting twist at the grand finale, which knocks you spellbound and leaves you with a savory taste in its aftermath. You can't help but yearn for a sequel to this intricately wound tale at the earliest.
평점: 6	리뷰: Perhaps NOW YOU DON'T, the second half of the famous line NOW YOU SEE ME, would be a more fitting title After we get to know "The Four Horseman," a group of magician/con artists using their showcase to steal from the rich and give to the poor (think David Copperfield meets Robin Hood), we don't see them very much or get to know them all too well. That's not entirely bad since Mark Ruffalo's put-upon FBI agent Dylan Rhodes constantly on the trail of the roving charlatans, each a solo act until they were hired by a mysterious backer to pull off three big heist/shows as a team is a worthy main character: Through his befuddled eyes we venture from one level onto the next.The Horseman include Jesse Eisenberg as a snarky card shark; Isla Fisher as a risk taking performance artist; Dave Franco as the group's physically-charged street fighting freshman trying to prove his worth; and scene stealer Woody Harrelson as a charming comic relief mentalist creeping into everyone's minds. Woody's Merritt McKinney is, by far, the coolest cog in the wheel. But once each score is done we're left with duped agent Rhodes lost in a perpetual cat and mouse maze.Along with an exposition-spouting Morgan Freeman, whose act is to debunk all magicians, you'll be guessing through each step: although the actual stage shows are downright preposterous unless you put this movie in the Science Fiction category. And to bring the cerebral mind games down to earth there's a prolonged fistfight and car chase leading to a giant twist ending too complicated for its own good, over-explaining the ultimate ruse and making everything (and everyone) seem simplistically sleight of hand in comparison.
평점: 5	리뷰: Saw this movie based on Trailers. The Magical Acts are good. Jesse Eisenberg rocks. So does Isla Fisher and Woody Harrelson. But the problem with the flick is that the mystery is not allowed to build up. Morgan Freeman comes every another minute and solves it, not even 5 minutes after the plot is completed. And the ending. They could have made a longer movie by making a better end and not just leave it hanging there. I was with my 3 friends. And boy were we not disappointed! Don't go if you don't want to. Just don't in fact. Pathetic ending. I wish I had saved my money instead. No can do now. I hope this helps.
평점: 2	리뷰: I honestly really tried hard not to fall asleep watching this film as it's disrespectful to the people around me and the film writers/actors/etc, but it was inevitable. The story line was absolutely horrendous and had no meat to it. Absolutely nothing was explained. 7.4 is an extreme misconception of what the film actually deserves as a rating. Please save your money and watch another film that is worth watching. Growing up as a child, I was a huge fan of magic. I've actually been to a couple magic shows as well. So...I have an appreciation for magic. I just couldn't believe their "magic" portrayed in the movie as I thought it was very poorly thought out. I was extremely disappointed throughout the whole movie and I wouldn't recommend anyone to watch it.
평점: 9	리뷰: Initially, upon watching the trailer and being a fan of practically the whole cast, i was really excited to watch this movie. However, on the day it was released, i searched up for reviews about it, just for my own satisfaction, and for some reason a lot of critics didn't find the movie interesting or suspenseful enough.My answer to that is: WHAT?The entire movie, every single minute was hugely interesting and suspenseful. And i have to admit, i was pretty impressed with the cast as well, except for maybe the interpol agent, since her character seemed a little too weak overall.Anyway, i went to watch the movie with low expectations, and good for me, because my mind was blown a thousand times more than if i had high expectations about the movie. It's an overall fun movie, and i would definitely recommend everyone go watch it, particularly teenagers. Everyone else as well, of course, except for maybe people who have a tendency to figure out the entire plot in the first 15 minutes.It's an entertaining watch and i am flabbergasted that there has not been much hype about it!
평점: 9	리뷰: its an awesome movie, you walk out of the theater and try to learn the tricks that are done in there, has suspense and is exciting,has a element of surprise, you should watch it at least once or you shall die. I love magic, and films about magic, like 'Houdini,' 'The Prestige' and 'The Illusionist.' This is a film about magic. Although it is pretty high tech, a lot of the magic tricks in it are very traditional, based on trickery and misdirection. While it runs a little long, the fine acting by the outstanding cast and the high production values make this an entertaining trip. The brilliant heist caper and the fascinating realm of illusion blend flawlessly in the summer's most intelligent film..
평점: 7	리뷰: "I was a hundred and forty million dollar distraction?"Distractions are key to magic tricks, diverting attention to successfully pull off illusions. Now You See Me is filled with great distractions that attempt to hide obvious flaws within the plot and characters. However, the big twist (which is to be expected in a film centered around magic) is a good enough final act to make the film superficially entertaining and enjoyable.The film has a wide variety of cast members, including Jesse Eisenberg, Woody Harrelson, Isla Fisher, Dave Franco, Morgan Freeman, and Michael Caine. In the film, Morgan Freeman and Michael Caine's characters are portrayed negatively, which is a bit off seeing these old gents play personas that are far from their usual, likable statures. However, Morgan Freeman still gets his scenes of explaining exactly what is going on at the moment. The four magicians (Eisenberg, Harrelson, Fisher, and Franco) aren't very interesting as characters, mainly because they aren't given the chance. The film jumps back and forth between the escaping artists and the FBI, Dylan Rhodes and Alma Dray (Mark Ruffalo and Mélanie Laurent), that it becomes confusing as to who the main protagonists are. The way the film is put together limits character development, which is why even by the end of the film I found myself not caring about the magicians whatsoever. Their over-the-top personalities are smart distractions for the lack of character development.Story wise, the film is pretty much one big setup for the final plot twist. The viewer isn't told exactly what the motivations are for the magicians to continuously break the law. Therefore, it becomes slightly confusing as to why the magicians would abandon their successful lives in Las Vegas to become fugitives. The act of leaving their elegant lives goes directly against their personalities - street performers (who obviously love the attention) finally get their own Las Vegas show only to throw it all away. It seems as though even the magicians themselves lack information as to what the end goal holds for them. Perhaps if the viewer is shown that the magicians care more about being the best illusionists rather than having an endless amount of cash, their conflict throughout the film would be a bit more believable. Showing them to be con artists and thieves in the beginning of the film (both which have the end goal of making easy money) doesn't really help the story. But, the twists are elaborate enough to distract from the holes in the plot.The chemistry between Dylan and Alma, along with the action and chase scenes, round out the film for a wide range of audience members. While the film isn't focused on action, the chase scene of Dave Franco's character running from Dylan has interesting choreography and a good amount of suspense. Other similar scenes demonstrate that the film looks great visually. However, the CGI makes some of the illusions look fictitious, even though the film does not cross over into the realm of fantasy or sci-fi like The Prestige. In addition, a number of scenes are filled with real life impossibilities. It is important to note that Now You See Me can be best enjoyed by following the big picture rather than paying too close attention to the plot and character development. Ironically, the closer you look, the less there really is to see.So in a way, the film with a budget of $75 million is a $10 distraction for people who want to have a fun time with magic. Sure the plot and some of the characters are trivial, but that doesn't mean that the film can't be entertaining - and it is. And that's what really matters.
평점: 8	리뷰: Magic.It is a mysterious phenomenon;even a simple card trick can leave u confounded,make u scratch your head. But when we are talking about a bank heist using magic,that is another level of level of astonishment altogether. 'Now you See me' is an intelligent thriller with great characters,breakneck pace and plenty to keep you interested.Jessse Eisenberg looks fresh and lends that youthful and charismatic persona.It was great watching him after 'The social network'.Mark Ruffalo does a superb job in his portrayal of an FBI cop. Ishla Fischer and Melanie Laurent are charming.The chemistry between the four illusionists is kinda good too. In the backdrop we also have Morgan Freeman playing an antagonist who is keen on thwarting the illusionists.There are perhaps one too many characters in the movie.So the character development is a bit low. What works though is that the story is told in a thrilling fashion and it is always interesting to see 'tricks' unfold. You realize that in the end it is all a trick but u keep wondering 'How the hell did they pull that off?'Therein lies the strength of the movie.It is also full of unpredictable turns at every corner. The movie will keep throwing surprises at you till the very end.Bored and want something different?This one makes a good watch.
평점: 5	리뷰: If you like strong and logical plots, you are likely to dislike this one. It's all about appearances and show in this one, rather than actually being brilliant, the characters and story just ask you take their brilliance for granted. The story revolves around illusionists (implicitly portrayed as demigods I would say) and how they manage to fool everyone and get a little fooled themselves. Of course, with all this fooling around there are always chances that something might strike the funny bone, that is to say it has its humorous moments now and then but on the whole the illusions and tricks etc. is just more of a dazzle than something logical and realistic. There is not much depth to the characters and a lot of misdirection to make the climax more effective, but the misdirection only adds to the illogical nature of the plot and makes the story hollow.Having criticized enough the good parts for me were the cocky-as-usual Jesse Eisenberg and some of the funny moments but nothing else. Even the dazzle of the magic tricks was made slow and plain by all the simple filler like dialogues. Final word; skip it unless you don't have a better choice for a movie in mind.
평점: 4	리뷰: I found the characters to be completely unrelatetable, kind of annoying actually, and no connection with any of them is really made throughout the movie. Throughout the movie you don't really know who's side you're on; almost like there is no protagonist or antagonist. You're always wondering who's behind it all and in the end they just wrap it up and throw it all together and logically it makes no sense at all. For some reason the two investigators fall in love in the end even though throughout the movie there was no romance between them or relationship development - its like the directors just wanted to throw a romantic happy ending in. The magic tricks are all unbelievable and unrealistic; if you're going to make a movie about magic why not throw a bit of real magic in? The soundtrack is terrible its almost like its there to keep you excited but really it just annoys you. Things that happen in the movie just don't make sense; a number of things just wouldn't happen in real-life; certain characters don't have reasons for what they do; its all just thrown together. Unless you're simple minded and just want a movie that simply entertains but lacks and substance, quality, or follows any type of logic then don't waste your time with this movie.
평점: 7	리뷰: When I saw "Now You See Me" on its opening day, I honestly thought it was pretty good. It was much better than I expected it to be, but it didn't leave any further traces in my mind after the movie was over. For me, many of the tricks were predictable, but the movie as a whole was still enjoyable. Unless you are a total dummy on magic tricks, you will probably be a bit disappointed. Personally, I like movies that keep me hanging at the end. I don't mean that in a sequel-promising manner; I like to muse over movies after seeing them, but "Now You See Me" ended in a way that just left me thinking, "... that's it?" I think that this is definitely a movie that you should see, just for the thrill and fun of it, but it's not a keeper. It isn't something I would go back and see again, which to me isn't very satisfying for a movie about brain-twisting magic and thrill.
평점: 5	리뷰: This movie is not bad, but not epic. Upon viewing the previews, I just knew this film would cast a web of deception on it's viewer eyes and keep you guessing from beginning to end. Sadly- I just wanted to know how it would end. The visuals were cool, the breakdown of tricks were good, the police chasing was good- but there was just something missing. Perhaps it lacked character relations. There was no in dept story behind the characters, nor was there a clear cut idea of why they were doing what they were doing. It just seemed like a lot of fast pace needless action. The big twist was forgettable and the ending was just, "eh". I would matinée this film or wait for video. The title was stronger than the film. Sorry.
평점: 9	리뷰: 'Now You See Me' was an excellently developed movie, showcasing brilliant magic tricks and great humor and snarkiness from the Four Horsemen. Both Harrelson provided the comedy relief and Jesse Eisenberg displayed the cocky arrogance from The Social Network. Isla Fisher debuted in the movie amazingly, but then her character got pushed aside and later, reinstated as fighting for control of the group subtly along Eisenberg. Franco was also very funny and did an amazing fight scene with Ruffalo, using fire, cards, and a high-speed car chase with fantastic explosions. Ruffalo's character was pleasingly befuddled with a humorous chase down in New Orleans which ended when.....oops, spoilers. However, his partner, Laurent's character was earnest and passionate about the subject of magic but was rather pushed to the side and later suspected of having choreographed the whole thing herself. But the movie itself was funny, intelligent, witty, action-packed, and everything you could ask for if you don't want a thriller/psychologically stimulating movie. It's an action magic movie and that's that. There's no philosophical meaning, no deeper layers like in The Prestige. But The Prestige was dark and meaningful, and this movie is more lighthearted, something to laugh and "wow" at. The stunts and tricks were amazing and the effects were great. However......... The movie could stand to have had more character development. I felt it was all action, action, action. Freeman's character was frustrating because he spoke like he knew everything, but he knew nothing. Caine's character was actually well placed, used for the purpose of showing the audience what a lying cheat he was. I liked the way the Four Horsemen's tricks were conducted to achieve a higher end. None of the stealing or giving back to the deserving was for their own good. Like a magic Robin Hood mafia. All in all, it was what I wanted it to be. You won't be disappointed unless you're looking for a psychological thriller, in which case, you're in the wrong theater son.
평점: 10	리뷰: My friends took me to see this movie, by the name of the movie, I thought it would be a romantic tragedy or something, but I decided to not judge the movie by its title and watched the trailer. I had high expectations after watching the trailer. Once the movie begun, 10 minutes in I was already at the edge of my seat open mouthed. It's so amazing how the magicians outsmart everyone and keep up and even ahead of the FBI. It's so extremely fascinating how they're so smart and manage to pull off so detailed and highly dangerous tricks. They just do it. Whoever came up with this movie, congratulations. I highly recommend this movie to anyone.
