영화제목: Ted
평점: 10	리뷰: I just want to state off hand that this is my first movie review, well other than just telling someone what I thought. So if you are looking for a well written, witty review then.. you might want to stop reading now. But since this movie is still in production, this will probably be your best bet for the time being.I just went to a free screening of Ted at the Greenback theater in Sacramento, CA. And I just have to say off the bat, I LOVED it. A movie hasn't made me laugh that hard in a long time. Now, I'm not going to give you any more information than the description because with the movie not even being released yet, I think that would be a spoiler of some sort. But I will tell you that was so much better than what I imagined it would be, granted that was before I knew it was directed and voiced over by Seth Macfarlane. So if you're a fan of his, you're definitely in for a treat, and even if you're not I still think you would enjoy the innovative comedy that comes from a snarky and crude teddy bear companion. The acting was very solid, from main characters to jerk bosses, and crazy.. well, crazy people.. the acting was very convincing and enjoyable. The story was great, while it might sound stupid to some, myself included, it's very well executed. Definitely not one of the movies that left me thinking "the idea was good, but they could have done so much more with it", it was actually quite the opposite. And this is certainly not a low budget film, the CGI animation reflects this. The furry bear voiced by Macfarlane is very realistic and believable. The only drawback I could possibly see that would cause someone displeasure would be, like a lot of new comedies, this film pushes the envelope in raunchy, vulgar humor. Plus the different amount of drugs used. This movie will receive (most likely), and be very deserving of a R rating. It doesn't rely solely on shock humor though, there is plenty of good old fashioned clean comedy. But if your like me, and that type of subject matter doesn't bother you, then I HIGHLY recommend this film. And if you're a Seth Macfarlane fan, then that's just a perfectly gift wrapped little bonus for you.

영화제목: Thor: The Dark World
평점: 9	리뷰: Saw Thor Dark World yesterday, and by golly it was a hoot, good to see a comic adaptation that is not up its own arse as the last two Batman films were, lots of humour, great action, and really good to look at. again the 3d conversion was pointless, they really should stop doing this to get extra bucks, but there you go. The cast are all perfect all playing straight but also loose. I was worried when the title included the word Dark, used also for Star Trek into Darkness, but thankfully it relates literally to the Dark planet and the baddie who wants to turn the Universe from light to Dark. the humour was even better than in Avengers, and the cross referencing with the Marvel universe and characters was perfect, looking forward to seeing it again this time in 2d if i can find a cinemas that will be playing it on a large screen if not will wait for the DVD
평점: 9	리뷰: Having just watched a premier screening, I am delighted to come away from the cinema to write a positive review. Thor Dark World is a spectacular special effect driven film, much of which is set in Asguard.I was worried that including Loki yet again might become a little repetitive, but in this film he excels as a great character, I only hope however that they don't overdue his presence in the Marvel Universe. How many times can this guy come back from the dead?There isn't as much character development as the first film, and Thor's friends are nowhere near as interesting as the Avengers. I guess they simply needed these characters to all remain as they were so as to keep continuity within the Marvel universe, but its noticeable how little impact the storyline will have on anybody.The armies of Asguard were noticeably lacking in fire-power and weapons (even though they have an armoury), which is made even more evident when an entire guard division bring knives to a laser-gun fight. Their turrents were the only defense they had against an Ariel assault and proved to be practically useless. You would expect them to be better prepared.The healing powers of Thor, Jane, and even a smashed alien space-craft become a bit of a running joke as well. But at least they get hurt, even if it only takes them a scene to heal. And if smashing every column holding up a building is still not enough to take it down I'm not sure what will be. Christopher Eccleston played a competent bad guy, although his intentions for what he was doing was still unclear as to why. Its simple to say he was insane and just wanted to kill everybody, but when a threat of that magnitude appears and planetary alignments are in effect, you expect half the Universe to show up and stop him or take advantage of the situation, or come looking to take the power for themselves. I also expected to see the entire army of Asguard come to help out at the end like they apparently did in the past. Not just Thor who appears there by mistake.The scientist with the miraculous plot saving devise is also a little hard fetch to take in, especially when he creates a remote control for cosmic anomalies. Along with Loki's illusion power which also serves as a convenient plot-saving devise at times. I'm willing to overlook these but there's no denying what they are. Overall its a good enjoyable superhero movie, which you will want to watch several times and is a decent entry into the Marvel Universe.P.S. Watch it in 2D, The 3D added little of worth.
평점: 9	리뷰: A movie for young adults....between the ages of 14 and 23. Lots of un-coordinated action and a script that is worse than I can possibly describe. The acting is abysmal (and what was Anthony Hopkins doing in this terrible film?) I suppose its an easy pay check for him. Still, he must be a little embarrassed. Super Hero trash , like this is strictly for air-heads. Watching things burst into flames and dumb "heroes" pretending to be heroic is idiotic. These awful movies are for the brain dead. Or should I say the living dead. If you are above 25 years old, and you go to see flicks like this---you need treatment....of a psychiatric nature. (3 points)
평점: 9	리뷰: Saw this at a midnight premiere in the UK.Thor, like Iron Man, is a Marvel comics stalwart who is now world famous largely thanks to the recent movie series. The first instalment was a very unusual comic book film, being part Earthbound fish out of water comedy and part intimate family drama in the lofty heights of Asgaard, a labour of love from distinguished Shakespearian Kenneth Brannagh, whose main purpose was to introduce most of the key players and plot drives for the upcoming "Avengers" movie. That has now come, been seen and conquered, so now comes the second stand alone. Without another movie to set up, and without Brannagh at the helm, it is a more conventional sort of "superhero" movie, with a nefarious enemy at the head of a literally faceless army and huge blade shaped spaceships intent on universal Armageddon via a newly introduced super McGuffin weapon that must be stopped at the last second, etc. It does however boast (A) lots of spectacular action, and more importantly (B) all the original cast returning, now old friends riding on the love they've earned in the previous 2 movies.The story concerns the "Dark Elves", who existed before the known Universe of the tree of life was created and who want things back to how they used to be (dark) before these pesky "light" beings came about. (That is their only motivation) Defeated eons ago by Asgard, their super weapon, the Aether, a red hued dark matter polip, was buried somewhere where it could never be found: the London borough of Greenwich, Earth! And who but Thor's love interest and most annoying physicist ever Jane Foster (Portman) with her wisecracking sidekick Darcy (Kat Dennings) and her own personal male understudy in tow should stumble upon it during their inter-dimensional research? The stuff is causing weird phenomena to happen, since the 9 realms are entering into their 5,000 year "alignment", the only time the Aether can be used to destroy all, and the stuff enters Portman Venom style and makes her its doomed human host. Thor (Hemsworth) who meanwhile has been leading the clean-up of the 9 realms (Asgaard is still the universe's policeman) is alerted and takes the opportunity to whisk the love of his life back to Asgaard so she can get treated. Father Odin (Hopkins) who is not too hot on him having a mere "human" bride anyway refuses to have her in the city, and with good reason since it provokes an attack from the newly resurgent dark elves led by their leader Malakeith (Christopher Eccleston) using the old "get yourself captured then attack from within" strategy and soon Asgaard is ablaze in a Star Wars style space fighter battle between Elf blade ships and Asgaardian fighters (which look like little Viking ships with wings!) and an assault on the palace which inflicts many casualties, and slaying in battle Odin's beloved wife Frigg (Rene Russo) Driven mad by rage, Odin plans to use Jane to tempt the elves back so he can wipe them all out. Thor on the other hand, now voice of reason (1st movie 360 degrees) and not wanting to lose his beloved, conspires with guardian Heimdall (Elba) and his 4 companions (Alexander, Stevenson, Levi and Asanabou) to launch an elaborate jail break that springs both Jane and the now imprisoned Loki (Hiddleston), himself in despair for the loss of his beloved foster mother, to get the Aether out of Jane and stop the dark elves using the alignment. What follows is another fighter battle through Asgaard, lots of post-Avengers Thor and Loki bonding and bickering, the springing of the now mentally unstable post-Avengers Dr Erik Selvig (Skaarsgard) from a mental institution, and a series of increasingly confusing and downright surreal encounters with Malakeith and the elves as they fall through various dimensions and time zones, ending up with the Elf ship embedded in Greenwich's famous naval academy and museum where the last battle for life as we know it takes place, with all players, Human and Asgaardian on the ball.As you might gather from that précis, there is a lot of plot here that happens very fast, perhaps too fast. There is also lots of sci-fi action involving exotic fighter dogfights and laser battles between medieval fashioned armies in classical architecture that makes one feel he is watching a "Star Wars" prequel a lot of the time (especially with Portman around). However the film manages to include the two winning elements of Thor 1, the unique dramatic character interplay between the tortured Asgaardian elite and perfectly timed comedy, mostly thanks to the Dennings-Skaarsgard-Portman crowd but with Thor, now no longer a stranger on Earth, being perhaps too at ease in Midgard, such as when he hangs up his hammer on a coat stand, or follows 007 in taking our London Underground during a mission. The direction by Game of Thrones director Alan Taylor is fine, and the acting all round is superb. One feels sorry though for Eccleston, who is meant to be the big villain but is mostly one note and generic, and not only has half his face blown off midway to become "Harvey two-elf" for no real reason but also seems to have lost a lot of his screen time too. The London locations (especially Greenwich) are again fun for us Londoners, after 007 and FnF set their latest adventures here.If there are drawbacks, it is that it is too busy, perhaps too rushed, too generic and has too many things jostling for space. But it is a fun film, exciting, dramatic and full of post "Avengers" events. PS- Hang around for the 2 post credits scenes at the end.
평점: 7	리뷰: In the beginning, there was a all powerful dark force called The Aether. The powers on Asgaard contain this force and keep it hidden for thousands of years, only to be found by none other than astrophysicist Jane Foster (Natalie Portman). When The Aether takes possession of Jane, of course, Thor (Chris Hemsworth) comes to her rescue. However, as Asgaard and the Nine Realms face the resurgence of the Dark Elves led by the diabolical Malakeith (Christopher Eccleston), a catastrophic planetary alignment threatens to end the existence of the whole world. Thor was forced to solicit his incarcerated renegade brother Loki (Tom Hiddleston) to help him with his elaborate rescue plan. Can the two estranged brothers actually work for one common goal?Honestly the first hour of this new Thor film was so dark it was almost dull. The computer-generated special effects looked so fake and unimpressive, very obviously cartoonish mayhem. The acting can be so hokey and corny, so serious and heavy-handed despite the emptiness of the story. The plot itself is very familiar, and reminiscent of many other superhero films. The romantic scenes of Natalie Portman wearing a gown felt like scenes in a "Star Wars" prequel.But there was that sudden turn around midway in the film when Thor and Loki joined up that the film snapped into place and never looked back up to the very end. The second half came alive because of its quirky sense of humor. These boisterous moments were largely due to the characters of the eccentric Dr. Eric Selvig (Stellan Skarsgård), Jane's cute intern Darcy (Kat Dennings), and Darcy's own dorky intern Ian (Jonathan Howard). I feel these funny moments saved this film from wallowing in self-seriousness. They may seem so out of place, yet they were still so laugh-out-loud hilarious.However, are these funny scenes really what director Alan Taylor wants us to remember this movie for? The brotherly interaction between Thor and Loki should have been the main focus, but this can be buried under so many other less-important computer-generated details that tend to overwhelm this production. In any case, overall, this film turned out very entertaining superhero action film that audiences will enjoy. You may not really be able to fully understand how the fight action went from realm to realm in the climactic battle but these were exhilarating to see. The artwork in stark red and black with broad brush strokes over the final credits were awesome to look at. Don't leave right away as you know there will be extra scenes to whet your appetite for more adventures to come. 7/10.
평점: 10	리뷰: Just got back from seeing this and thought I'd put in my thoughts.This is by far the most intricate and thoughtful of the Marvel films to date, with a great story and some superb performances, particularly Hiddleston's as Loki. The characters from previous Asgard related outings are there, but thanks to some good writing, are more 3 dimensional and therefore, interesting. This is one of the few films that would have benefited from an extra 15 minutes or so to explore further the motivations of the key protagonists. There is plenty of large scale action, as well as some laugh out loud humorous moments that help to keep this kicking along.I am both surprised and delighted that this is not only the best superhero movie to date, (even eclipsing Spider-Man 2), but currently the best movie I've seen this year.Don't miss this!
평점: 10	리뷰: Infinitely better than the first (which I liked) because of better action, humor and emotion. All those people who were worried about Thor being underpowered are going to be pleased. The effects are wonderful and it is indeed a very funny and a very moving movie in places. I'm happy to report that neither factor is overused or gets in the way of the feel or story. It's the right amount of humor and right amount of angst. Cinematography is great and the score is amazing. Whoever scored this film should do so for the rest of the Marvel movies in my opinion.I knew they would nail the pathos but was pleasantly surprised by the creative fight sequences. They are phenomenal. Not overly long but when they rage, THEY RAGE. Also, Kurse can rival the Hulk in terms of scary power. He was better utilized than the Destroyer was in the first film. Loki is the scene stealer that was all hoped to see! Jane and Sif add more than eye candy but you would expect no less from Marvel. Hemsworth has cemented his legend as Thor with this effort. My only real disappointed is a minor one. They didn't really show the nine realms in any real detail. It seemed a cop out that hey're just open landscapes. Yet, maybe they didn't want to commit to anything for future movies.Overall, this is a wonderful movie and maybe Marvel's best solo film.
평점: 10	리뷰: Like 'Iron Man 3', 'Thor: The Dark World' finds us reunited with the hammer-wielding Norse demigod in a post-Avengers world, where - for the benefit of those who may not remember - Loki was last seen returned to his home planet of Asgard in manacles after wrecking half of New York following a megalomaniac plot to take over Earth. And so, picking up right after the events of that movie, one of the very early scenes has Loki meeting his stepfather and King, Odin (Anthony Hopkins), expressing absolutely no remorse for his actions before being committed to a glass- walled whited-out cell in the dungeon.It's a huge pity we say, keeping Loki locked up for pretty much the first hour of the movie; indeed, the best moments of 'Thor: The Dark World' are when Thor and his vengeful adopted brother Loki share the same screen, forging a shaky alliance to take down a common enemy that has united them (surprisingly) in grief. Thanks to their combined charisma, this sequel defies the second-act doldrums of most movies, truly coming to life at the halfway mark - beginning with Thor's treacherous plan to spring Loki out of prison (with the help of his pals of course) and continuing on to the black dunes of Svartalfheim where the squabbling siblings confront their foe. Yet, not to get ahead of ourselves, there is of course a fair bit of scene-setting that needed to have taken place in order for our favourite hero and anti-hero to be brought together under those circumstances. Working from a story from Don Payne and Robert Rodat, screenwriters Christopher L. Yost, Christopher Markus and Stephen McFeely spin a Tolkiensque plot where the leader of an antagonistic alien race, Malekith (Christopher Eccleston), returns to plot the destruction of the Nine Realms using an all-powerful source of dark matter known as the Aether.Long story short, a once-in-5000-years cosmic occurrence is about to converge the realms across time and space, which inadvertently causes Thor's Earthly love interest Jane Foster (Natalie Portman) to fall into a different realm when investigating the phenomenon and be infected with the Aether. Malekith wants her, so Thor jumps to her rescue to bring her back to Asgard - though the price of his half-valiant and half-selfish (after all, he does want to be close to her) act is laid bare when Malekith arrives at the kingdom and launches a deadly assault on Odin's palace. Switching back and forth between Asgard and Earth, the trio of Yost, Markus and McFeely clearly struggle to find a consistent tone especially at the start. While the threat facing Asgard is treated with the utmost seriousness and solemnity, the proceedings back on Earth unfold with strained humour - whether the awkwardness between Jane's understudy Darcy (Kat Dennings) and her new intern Ian (Jonathan Howard), or even the odd behaviour of Jane's old mentor, Dr. Erik Selvig (Stellan Skarsgard), who goes butt naked in public at the Stonehenge. Between the two, we are much better off at Asgard, where veteran 'Game of Thrones' director Alan Taylor is on more familiar territory.It is also at Asgard that Taylor will stage the film's first stunning setpiece, which culminates in the turning point that sees Thor and Loki form that unlikely partnership. Malekith's assault on Asgard is staged with impressive clarity, starting from their stealth crossing at the Bi- frost bridge to their aerial attack of Asgard's defences to their storming of Odin's palace. There is little doubt Taylor's experience on the HBO series has placed him in good stead here, and more than previous director Kenneth Branagh, he demonstrates a boldness and imagination to stage the action on a much larger canvas.That is also a nice segue into the reunion of Thor and Loki, which proves rewarding not just in the witty energetic banter that follows but also in yet another wowing setpiece that has the pair teaming up to outsmart Malekith. There is also crackling tension between them, especially since one knows better from the events of 'Thor' and 'The Avengers' than to trust the scheming Loki to have abandoned his insatiable thirst for power and position. Unfortunately, Loki doesn't quite have a place in the nonetheless outstandingly conceived finale set in Greenwich, London; that said, what adrenaline Loki's return brings to the film is still very much intact by the final showdown rolls around.Kudos to Taylor for putting up not just a thrilling, but also an extremely fun exercise in physical displacement at the climax, as Thor pursues Malekith across multiple dimensions in the midst of the convergence. Rather than just visual spectacle, there is good tongue-in- cheek fun to be had as the characters appear and disappear from one realm to another without forewarning - and we especially like that one which ends up with Thor taking the Tube three stations from Charing Cross to Greenwich. Unlike Christopher Nolan's superhero screen incarnations 'The Dark Knight' and even 'Man of Steel', Marvel has never failed to find humour in the midst of spectacle, and this enormously entertaining finale is a great example of that.And yet compared to Branagh's origin story, there is still something lacking in this sequel. For one, the narrative isn't quite as compelling this time round - especially as Malekith proves quite the underwhelming villain. For another, it lacks the humanity that made its predecessor something more - and by this we mean not just the bond between Thor and Loki, but also that between Thor and Jane. Still, you cannot fault the assuredness of the performances by Chris Hemsworth and Tom Hiddleston, nor for that matter the action, otherworldly grandiosity and occasionally well-placed humour that makes it an overall crowdpleaser - if anything, it proves the Marvel juggernaut continues to be very much in shape, no less evident from a mid-credit and a post-credit scene that will have its fans in rapture.
평점: 3	리뷰: I watched it in premiere in Belgium. As they only showed it in 3d I can say. Don't go to the 3d version. The quality is bad. Some frames are not sharp at all. And you miss a part of the story. As the plot and movie itself I am not saying it is bad. But some solutions are just stupid. I like Marvel a lot but in this movie I am missing the feeling of the Marvel universe. Just to say 1 thing. If you have an army as strong like in the Avengers , why is Thor fighting them alone. Why is iron man not helping, Captain America or even the hulk. The army was there to shoot at the spaceship. So there are gaps in the story and the 3d version sucked to make a final opinion on the movie.
평점: 7	리뷰: Likes : OK ill start by saying I have a positive review to tell you but I have a negative one as well, as this film is slightly overrated. Marvels director Alan Taylor has done a good job with this as its enjoyable to watch, it has it (WTH) funny moment that you do find yourself laughing at because it was funny special some of the Thor & Loki moments in the film.This film does have a dark tone which might be disturbing for younger viewers, visual effect were brilliant as we see lot more of Asgard after the first film, I will say it more of emotional storyline to be honest this time I did find myself tearing up in some parts.There isn't as much character development as the first film, and Thor's friends are nowhere near as interesting as the Avengers. I guess they simply needed these characters to all remain as they were so as to keep continuity within the Marvel universe, but it's noticeable how little impact the storyline will have on anybody.Christopher Eccleston played as Malekith the Accursed dark elves leader played a some what insane bad guy that wanted to turn all the worlds to darkness, there isn't much in the way to say why he was doing this other than the back-story of the darks elves & this world destroying energy.There is a bit at end of the credit but there is a bit mid credits that seems to lend toward Thanos possible for some reason, it was just that one scene that had that mysterious feel to it like something bigger was going on behind the scenes but we don't know yet, as we've heard Avenger 2 or 3 will have Thanos appear so it could be a link but its unclear at this moment.With the character of Loki I did think it was going to be a little repetitive since he been 3 films now but I believe he's character has more of a big part to play in coming events I think he's still working for the dark forces of Thanos for some reason because of he behaviour or it just Loki being Loki. What I did notice was a bit of a jealously Starr from Sith (Jaimie Alexander) to Jane (Natalie Portman) because from what you can see Sith has a thing for Thor even in a moment of the film a scene with Thor & Odin seem to suggest that.This film in the way of fighting scene dose have a few battles but not much, probably the most important character in the film showed just what he can do even tho he a gate keeper but from what I saw he can seriously kick ass Heimdall play brilliant actor Idris Elba I through it about time some one write him in the storyline doing something awesome instead of just watch the gate & the universe because he has such a style in he acting he stands out with an on screen presence.For me the comical moment were OK but some people mite find this ruins the dark tone of the film because it become less of a serious film at times & more of a comedy film of Thor, but it enjoyable to watch.Dislikes : The negative side of this film, is the slight humour I did find that it wasn't really need but Disney being Disney they want a film that kids can watch as well, I think Malekith character as to why he want to turn the worlds into dark could of been explain in the back story but it wasn't real much explained .My only real complaint about this film was the way it ended the last 5 Min's of the film You could see what was going on but there was curtain elements as to why & what the hell is happening.It leave you with an open ending with no closure with you wanting to see more to see what is going on in that scene but that where the credits role. This main is why I feel this film is slightly overrated .
평점: 8	리뷰: Thor: the dark world, is a film that, when I walked into the cinema, I had very high expectations of because the first one was very good, I was not disappointed and the viewer won't be either. The film has a very good beginning as within only ten minutes of the film starting the character of Thor, played by Chris Hemsworth, is introduced to the audience just after (spoiler) a circular storm occurs, pouring over Jane Foster (Natalie Portman), Ian Boothby (Jonathon Howard) and Darcy Lewis (Kat Dennings), this is then followed by some mild violence and the action gets better from then onwards. It is extremely gripping and fast paced throughout the whole film, there is never a quite moment. (spoiler) There is even a small appearance from the much loved Marvel character, Captain America, only small but it is a cool moment that reminds you that this isn't just any old film, this is a Marvel film. I really enjoyed this film and I would definitely recommend it to anyone. The ending of this film makes you very excited for the next instalment of the Thor films.
평점: 8	리뷰: *MAY CONTAIN SPOILERS*I attended a premiere screening with high hopes for this film, and left feeling really accomplished. Alan Taylor had placed a fresh input in this film and it worked incredibly.I watched it in 3D. I didn't think it was necessary to watch it in 3D, as it wasn't used to its best. But, I watched it due to the fact I wanted to see it the day before it's release and Tom Hiddleston!Stellar performances all around. Chris Hemsworth, good. Tom Hiddleston, great. Christopher Eccleston, good. Anthony Hopkins, great. Kat Dennings, hilarious as usual. Stellan Skarsgard, just as funny as Dennings. One characters I believed didn't being her best performance to the table was Natalie Portman, yet this must of had to do with the director conflict back in late 2011- early 2012.This movie, without a doubt, is one of the more funnier Marvel movies the franchise has to offer. Loki had most of the laughable lines, his name being 'the god of mischief' and same goes for Dennings and Skarsgard The action scenes were great and quite realistic, feeling like you truly were in the nine realms.Finalizing quickly, this brought much more then the original Thor in my opinion in terms of action, plot and performances. Major plot twists are well thought and unexpected, which pleased a fan such as myself. Overall, one of the best movies I have seen all 2013. Eight stars."When do we start?"
평점: 6	리뷰: Thor: The Dark World made a wise choice of stepping up to its sequel. It tends to explore worlds beyond Asgard and Midgard, and innovating more details around this absurd universe. Because if your source material have a world this rich, it makes your everyday reality look boring. It's a fine escapism, but the joy stumbles when it goes to the storyline. It's almost like the opposite of the first movie. Here, it works better when it simply shows the heroes fighting off the bad guys, but feels forced when it tries to pull off a drama. The overall film can be entertaining, but it messes a lot of elements within the surfaces.The big problem already lies by justifying the word "dark" in the title. While being dark and serious is not really a problem to this modern era of blockbusters, the film never felt natural for it. Though, the first movie was more special when it was focused on the drama, here it definitely feels force. There are those "tragic" or "emotional" scenes when it feels so contrived for the sake of fitting and pleasing the audience who seek for sheer deepness. The result is surprisingly not compelling, which makes you wish it was handled by Kenneth Branagh again. The film also suffers with a weak plot, there are large parts where the good guys are lingering to brood, making plans, and just goofing around while they're surrounded by a formidable enemy. Those moments they waste pretty much kills the momentum.The movie is better when it stays loyal to the roots of a Marvel picture. Staying in the action and the comedy is when the film felt more comfortable, although it may get out of hand. The cast gives plenty of life, as always, especially when Tom Hiddleston is around to spice things up. Director Alan Taylor seems to be more interested in creating inventive action set pieces and featuring stuff that we don't normally see in the genre, which helps a lot to bring pure energy within the adventure, while the CGI effects bring massive scale in any world they stop in to.Thor: The Dark World had its fun moments, but also suffers by its missteps. The recent trend of "darkening" almost every latest superhero movie somewhat affects it. Having drama scenes is definitely not the problem since the first movie was fascinating because of those parts. The real problem is how the film delivers them, it instead makes them look preachy and pretentious. It would have been a straightforward quest, because that's where the film works better. If the whole film is completely adventurous and full of personality, then it might end up being somehow remarkable. Still, Thor needs some pizazz to its gravity to make it more than just another action blockbuster. For now, Thor: The Dark World is fine enough as a distraction.
평점: 6	리뷰: Firstly I would like to say I am a big fan of the modern day marvel films. However, I was extremely disappointed with Iron Man 3 it lost its focus half way through with one of the most ridiculously executed twists I have ever seen. Thankfully Thor:The Dark World gets these right. There are many moments throughout the film where it looks like it is set in one direction and then it completely changes course and this makes it extremely entertaining to watch. Apart from questionable performances from Anthony Hopkins (who is one my favourite actors) and Christopher Eccleston, the performances are excellent. Chris Hemsworth has never been better as the God of Thunder but it is Tom Hiddlestone's performance as Loki which steals the show. He is without doubt a joy to watch on screen and always demands attention as it is never quite clear what it is he is about to do. It is this unpredictability that undermines the true villain Malekith who is fairly weak in comparison. Now the story. The story is fairly basic; ancient evil after an evil power source which can destroy the universe etc. But it is the way in which it unfolds which is so captivating. With many fairly shocking moments which drive the story to a more darker road. This brings about my only complaint on how the actual story is told. There are several moments where the story is quite emotionally driven and these scenes are the highlights of the film. Yet after each seen they jump straight to comedy elements and it just doesn't seem natural all the time. Don't get me wrong the comedic parts are some of the best (the Captain America scene was incredibly funny) it is just too much of a drastic change. All in all this is a must watch for fans of Marvel. It is better than the first in my opinion and much better than Iron Man 3.
평점: 10	리뷰: this is most likely the best film i've seen all year. its jam packed with action, comedy (which was a nice shock), plot twists and well everything we loved about the first thor film.the writers have obviously spent a very long time getting the story amazing cause i thought it was gonna turn out like iron man 3, have a amazing trailer then a film that doesn't live up to that trailer but i was very wrong. i found myself upset over a 'death' of a character that i hated! i recommend that any who loves marvel see's this film but only if you've seen thor 1 an the avengers otherwise at points in the film you film be confused what the characters are talking about
평점: 10	리뷰: Occasionally in life there are those moments of unutterable fulfillment which cannot be completely explained by those symbols called words. This sequel is one such moment. I do need to see it again. In terms of pure enjoy-ability, I put it top 3 of all sequels that I have enjoyed.What I really liked...-Every single character gets a moment to shine and every single actor cast in these parts are perfect. -The comedy is perfect. It's such a fine balance overall and everything works because it's very subtle and fits in with certain circumstances. -Some very tender emotional scenes. I won't spoil anything with specifics. -Some superb action and what could very well be award winning special effects. -All characters interactions are great and handled very well. This is a fantasy story that really cares about character first and it shows all the way through. Even Natalie Portman's Jane feel more fleshed out than she did in the original film. -The set pieces and other realms talked about in the first are seen here and are beautiful and well done. Asgard was even better believe it or not. -The mid-credit and end credit scenes, both cool. Make sure you stay for both.Marvel hit a pure home run with this endeavor. This film works because of the great cast and the fact that they took this subject matter seriously but remember to have fun. Chris Hemsworth was again perfect. I thoroughly enjoyed this movie.
평점: 4	리뷰: Thor: The Dark World left me wondering why for all its popularity and box office hype the superhero genre so regularly fails to ignite the faintest trace of excitement and imagination in its narrative and storytelling. This sequel, following Kenneth Branagh's reasonably funny 2011 film, was written by no less than five writers, who between them have only mustered another dull, achingly generic story about saving the world. Aside from less than a handful of funny self-referencing points, this is a hugely disappointing by the numbers blockbuster that under services its embarrassingly rich cast and offers its enormous fanbase too little that is challenging, inspired or even surprising. What's confusing about the deliberate complacency in the script is that it's entirely unnecessary. There is no financial risk to comic book adaptations anymore to justify this kind of dumbing down. Earlier this year, Iron Man 3 became one of the top five highest grossing films of all time. While Christopher Nolan's Batman films have achieved financial success without succumbing to simplified narrative lines. Some even complained The Dark Knight Rises had too many story threads. How many filmmakers today would crawl over broken glass for a cast featuring Chris Hemsworth, Natalie Portman, Anthony Hopkins, Idris Elba, Tom Hiddleston, Chris O'Dowd and Stellan Skarsgard? With such talent it's not unreasonable then to ask for more than obligatory special effects and indistinguishable villains, who are included only to prop up pseudo- scientific plot points. Little effort has been exhausted into humanising these characters. Thor (Hemsworth) is a blank slate who swings his hammer and growls at people. It makes Chris Hemsworth look like a boring actor when we've seen how charismatic he can be, like he was in Rush, with the right material and director. There are fewer fish out of water jokes that I enjoyed in the first film. Natalie Portman, normally a delightful, charming actress, is embarrassed here as Thor's girlfriend, playing a character devoid of plausible emotional responses and desires. Her first reaction after being warped from London to Asgard is to say "Hi!" and "Let's do that again!" Never mind that her skin is now infected with the Aether, a weapon of mass destruction from an ancient group called the Dark Elves (who speak perfect English no less). She's more impressed that Thor told his dad about her! The Dark Elves are led by Malekith (Christopher Eccleston), who wants to use the Aether to destroy the world. Comic book films rise and fall on the quality of their villains. The Dark World has two, both of whom are substandard. The Dark Elves, branding swords and laser weapons, aren't very interesting. Though Thor's brother Loki (Hiddleston) sometimes brings comic relief to the film's dry, seriousness (I did enjoy one clever shape shifting moment) he still doesn't possess the physicality of Tom Hardy's Bane to be a truly menacing physical threat. Locked up in a cell for nearly half the film, there's not a lot for Loki to do. What should also be a haunting surprise at the end of the film is badly telegraphed. When Thor and Loki inevitably team up, the brothers take a few more punches than you might expect, but still recover very quickly, even after a severed hand. Marvel is a subsidiary company belonging to Disney so this is largely bloodless action. This is the first comic book feature film by Alan Taylor, who replaced Patty Jenkins under controversial circumstances. Taylor has worked on television shows like Game of Thrones, and he brings little distinction to the action and the way the story is told. The camera isn't particularly mobile and significant plot lines like the Aether are lazily signposted through the film's prologue. He opts to intercut Thor's main story with a subplot involving Jane's scientist friends back on Earth, including an overly excitable Kat Dennings, who are discovering the alignments of Asgard's nine realms, if that matters. Sometimes they lighten the mood but they're still cornball stereotypes (the wacky sidekick, the crazy scientist and the dorky intern) that don't instill any visible subtext to the plot. The two narrative threads collide with Taylor's most elaborate set piece, as Thor fights simultaneously between universes, a battle that is undone by Thor's own indestructibility. Over the closing credits are shots of the film's concept art, which could be totally interchangeable with most of the plotting. It's time that comic book fans started to demand more from these films before the entire genre evaporates into a disposable, commercialised heap like it does here.
평점: 6	리뷰: ...addition to "The Avengers" canon of films.I recommend this movie if you are any of the below:1) You are a completist and would feel wrong to have missed an installment belonging to the Avengers series of films despite speculating that it is a filler movie made only to grab your money.2)You love to stare at Chris Hemsworth's bulging biceps.3) You love superhero movies, even if its plot is pretty standard with few or no surprises.4) You are single male and have nothing better to do.My gripes with the film may be more of a problem with Hollywood movie-making these days than with the film itself. Production feels uninspired and run of the mill. The plot, props, action, effects and gags are all neatly in place to generate just enough wonder and excitement for the average viewers so they don't fall asleep.During the movie, we are told that there are nine realms, but each one is nothing more than a snow globe when compared to the diversity of Earth. Apparently, in all the other realms, people can travel between dimensions but still fight with swords and axes. Whereas on Earth, we have all manner of weaponry but knows sh*t about the universe save a few super geniuses who like running around strip naked and whatnot.So there you have it.If none of what I've just said sounds like a major turn-off, I will say that this is good entertainment equivalent to regarding an extra value meal at Macdonald's being a good meal sometimes. Otherwise, please do yourself a favor and steer clear of the movie to save yourself from having to cry about it later on the boards.
평점: 2	리뷰: We had a midnight viewing last night (Wednesday 30th Oct midnight)and for some reason there were less than 20 patrons, so that was the first warning sign. Then there was 30 minutes of adverts and promotions - okay maybe I exaggerate just a tad, but I was just so excited to see a movie I've waited so long to see, every second of delay was torture.When the movie started the real torture started. Probably I'm getting too old and I've seen all this shat before, I just expected something different for a change. If your mentality is below 12 you might like it, otherwise it is old hat with unimaginative villains that were even too far fetched for a cartoon.By the time Thor was half-way through I was bored and couldn't give a flying sardine who did or didn't get killed. The directors (I don't even want to know) obviously couldn't take the scrip seriously (and who could blame them) and it showed with idiotic out of place comedy. I believe this was done just to distract the long suffering viewer, except it did remind me of a dumbed down version of Dr Who - if that is possible! The bottom line here is credibility, no one in this work of fart could act there with a straight face. There was never a doubt the Universe was going be saved - I'm not kidding - it is this stupid!
평점: 9	리뷰: Comparing with the last movie, this movie is far better, because they are deeper, logical, the story is far better.The humor factors has decreased slightly compared to other Marvel movies. i thought that movies of Marvel are always funny, humor but for this movie, they have put seriousness and darkness on this,making this movie more that just an action, fighting blockbuster. Although i kindly didn't like it since i prefer more humor. For other movies like Iron Man, you laugh most of the time. But for this movie, there are many silent moments in the cinema. Its not only about fighting, war,power...its also about love and lost. What you saw in the trial and what you thought is not what this movie about. I am sure you will be surprised when watching this movie. Just go and watch this movie.
평점: 10	리뷰: Thor: The Dark World - What's coming from the sequel of the epic movie of Thor? Awesomeness! I am already excited for the movie to hit the theater, now I am extremely thrilled once watching it. I think it was more into the movie itself than what to do with the prequel of it, or even The Avengers Movie. I mean, it certainly can be enjoyable enough even if you didn't watch any of the other two movies. I am a big fan of Loki, and that would certainly escalated even much better after seeing his stunning tricks in this movie. Believe me, you would be too. I think it was a solid story plus actions in it. More than just entertained by the hilarious scenes that keep on flashing upon the screen, the Max of 2 Broke Girls (Kat Dennings) sprinkled more dusty jokes that would make you laugh. I am a big fan of Marvel Avengers Game on Facebook too, which help me love this movie so much more with all those characters such Sif, and not to mention its newly Special Ops 14. And if you're a fan of Chuck, the Zachary Levi played quite a role in this movie as well. I can't explain how much I love this movie, unless you watch it yourself. As for me, it deserves a super straight full stars in a role!
평점: 9	리뷰: For starters, I loved this film! I was a fan of the first but this one is superior in every way. The actions scenes are better, the plot is better and there is great banter throughout the film. Due to these factors it is entertaining and has more than enough in it to keep you interested. The acting is fantastic, especial by Chris Hemsworth and Tom Hiddleston, as they work great together and appear to have a great understanding of each others roles. I just can't understand why people don't like this film unless they are not a fan of superheroes. After seeing this film last night I read through a few of the reviews afterwards and was shocked as some people were giving it lower than 7. These people are clearly boring and have no idea about an entertaining film and enjoy watching films that just depress you and have no idea about what a fantastic superhero film this is. I recommend you watch this immediately as you won't be disappointed.
평점: 9	리뷰: Thor The Dark World is brilliant and completely tops the first film. There are a lot of extremely funny bits in it as well as some dark and moving moments. Probably a much funnier movie than it had any right to be given the subject matter. Loki is done perfectly and the dialogue between him and Thor is superb.If you're a fan of the first, this certainly won't disappoint at all. Without spoiling anything, the scale of this film is very Avengers-like in that the action pieces are amazing. During a sequence halfway through, I literally turned to my friend and said, "this is freakin' awesome".Needless to say, I thoroughly enjoyed this movie. Each frame is packed with action, heartfelt emotion, humor, drama or intensity. I was expecting to simply see crazy mythology with monsters destroying the landscape of the nine realms for two hours. Instead, I was shocked at the depth and complexity of this film. You definitely need your brain and your heart turned on for this one, unlike other CGI mishmashes. If you want a movie with just dumb action and no plot then stay away from this exceptional film. The performances are top tier and the visual effects may be the best I've seen this year. I have to join the majority of people and even critics that are praising this film. It's a true joy and such a pleasant experience.
평점: 7	리뷰: Thor: The Dark World is the next entry in the high quality series of Marvel movies over the 7 years or so and it is one of the best. Its funny, its got action. And did I mention its funny? Honestly, I think this movie had more sarcastic comments, wise cracks per minute than it did hammer punches to the face.Story is fairly generic. Super evil guy thought long dead wants super evil thing. Thor and crew doesn't want him to get it. It's straighforward enough. However, for a movie titled Thor, it sure does spend a large amount of screen time with other people, Natalie Portman, the other scientists when Natalie Portman is in Viking Land, Loki, the bad guy, Loki again. Actually, I don't really mind the Loki part. I hate him as a character, but he is fascinating. He truly is the god of mischief, you never know what side he is on, though usually its his own side. I don't understand how anybody trusts him ever.Every character always has something funny to say. Every side character is comic relief, and Thor is pretty funny himself too. With so much casual comedy all the time, the incredibly sad and dramatic moments create a jarring tonal shift. Then after a short while its back to jokejokejoke. For most of the movie, the action isn't that mind blowing or fascinating. But the movie makes up for it with the final fight, full of chaos-inducing wobbly gravity and warping all over the place.tl;dr a fun, entertaining super hero movie, with jarring tonal shifts, but one of the most fun final action sequences.
평점: 9	리뷰: I loved Thor's original introduction, I think Kenneth set a prime example for the mythologies, and this film exceeds and refines the efforts that came before.The score was terrific, characters alive, and the effects stunning. The screenplay balancing humour and emotion stunningly well. Thor: The Dark World is my favourite Avengers outing thus far, Captain America shouldn't disappoint either.Criticism and Spoilers However, I did think that Odin was too solid of a character, not encompassing the mythology of his role, or mirroring examples seen in other Marvel animated movies.Reference to Jodenheim was good, and I hope Loki's 'see you in hell' line will be a reference to his participation in a Surtur storyline for Thor 3, maybe so given Marvel's interest in maintaining his involvement due to his fan following.What I thought should have changed - was that Odin intervene in the end by means of the Tesseract, aka cosmic cube - to combat the aether spread, as it would bring a much more direct contrast to the artifacts, and interest in Odin's armoury again.Iron Man should have at least been in touch somehow, worldwide panic is a big deal lol, but Cap's inclusion was hilarious (and maybe referencing skrulls later), but again is no big deal as Iron Man 3 could have said the same thing about including shield and Cap.I didn't like the fact that the collector was portrayed so strangely, and not introduced, but I'm guessing that will come later. Thor should have fought the horned guy longer, making Malekith a trickier enemy calling for Odin - who would have come down to earth to help, and then coming to terms with human interaction - acknowledging his saving them in the past with the frost giants in himself etc.Also - I think he should have revived Freya with the Cube if it were possible - maybe revealing after Thor and Loki banded together - and locking Loki away (although proud of his progress). And the ending was somewhat misrepresented - I think if Loki was to take over Asgard (which he believably could after that speech) - he would use an artifact, reflecting the scene in Thor with the casket - but I think he should have fled to Jodenheim with the creature at the end."There is a purpose to everything your father does" - 9 out of 10, a triumph for the genre.
평점: 6	리뷰: The opening scenes of Thor:TDW were promising and left me and my sister very excited! However as soon as those were over the movie started rather slowly and took too long to get on track. I felt like quite some time was wasted on comic relief and attempting to explain unnecessary things, instead of character development and the much needed spotlight on the motivation behind certain characters. This made the movie a little bit boring in some scenes and prevented before mentioned characters from truly flourishing, which is a pity. Thankfully the pacing went up a notch after the first act. The movie ended the best way possible and left me hyped for the upcoming MCU movies.I liked the villains. However, where the main villain was quite menacing in some scenes, I do think he was equally unimpressive in other scenes. Chris Hemsworth as Thor was good, although I wished the screenwriters had given him better lines and the director would push him to show more emotion in some scenes. As much as I like Chris, I do think his performance in Rush was better than here. I also wished that Thor's inner struggles were fleshed out a bit more. Tom Hiddleston as Loki was flawless, and without a doubt Loki stole the show in every scene he was in. Loki got nice character development in this movie, and when I look at his journey from Thor to the Avengers to this movie, I think the directors and Hiddleston did a great job with the character.Overall I liked this movie, so my rating would be 7.5/10
평점: 6	리뷰: After seeing Thor: The Dark World, I'm puzzled as to how it's scored 8.0 on IMDb, when the far superior prequel gained only a 7.0? What's noticeably missing is Kenneth Branagh's Shakespearean touch, the whole grandiose spectacle of it all. Everything which made Thor charming is missing from this and even cast changes (Zachary Levi as a replacement for Josh Dallas and surprisingly, quite a forgettable Fandral, seeing as he was the original choice.) Poor Ray Stevenson doesn't have much to do, and Jaimie Alexander casts a bitchy stare at Jane Foster, but nothing else ever comes out of it. Whereas in the first movie, we all gawped at Chris Hemsworth's magnificent physique, we now get a Loaded Weapon 1 moment, where I half expected to see one of those "unmotivated butt-in-the-moonbeam walks." Chris Eccleston isn't used to full villainy advantage as Malekith and wasn't really sure what his true motives were (nor did I actually care.) The first half is OK, while the second is more entertaining, if very far-fetched. Alan Taylor may have directed outstanding episodes for Game of Thrones, but here, he's delivered an uneven package with lacklustre action and forced, hammy dialogue for actors who deserve better. That said, Tom Hiddleston does have fun and seems to be the only one. Kat Dennings routine as Darcy should be getting stale by now, but does provide some comedic highlights. If Marvel wants to rival the greatest film franchise in history (James Bond of course) it had better pull its socks up. Sure, 007 has had its misses but it also knew how to reboot itself and stay fresh. I'm not convinced neither Stan Lee or Kevin Fiege have a game plan and this could be their downfall. This was a kiddies outing, but when you look at the richness of The Avengers and Joss Whedon's literary prowess, they need that kind of impetus to stay afloat.I'm now convinced that Captain America: The Winter Soldier, will be my most anticipated superhero sequel (as it's a surefire bet that Singer will mess up Days of Future Past and turn it into Wolverine 6.)More fun than kickass (with a great cameo in the middle) this gets 7/10.
평점: 7	리뷰: It's a typical Marvel movies. Like most of Marvel movies in recent years, Thor: The Dark World is presented in a light and humorous tone(in contrast to DC Comics movies that are darker and more serious). It's a straightforward fantasy/sci-fi/action movie. Some attempts on humor would seemed a bit desperate and unnecessary, especially when they are doing some serious sequence. The storyline is pretty standard, but it's pretty much what is expected. The visual FX is good, but the 3D version is still the Hollywood version of "Show me the money". All in all, I am not overly impressed, but it is a decent Marvel Superheroes movie, and it will continue to entertain a lot of fans. My ratings: 7/10
평점: 8	리뷰: Darcy! Jane! Selvig! Mjölnir! The gang's all back. For me, Thor was one of the best superhero movies to come out in recent time. I far preferred it to the overrated Iron Man films and wanted another. So here it is, and while it's not as good as the first one, it's still quite enjoyable. Chris Hemsworth, despite having the less flashy role next to Tom Hiddleston's Loki, is really very good. What made Thor so likable in the first film was that, despite his overconfidence and head-strong nature, he went on a character journey that changed him. He grew as a character and, thanks to Hemsworth's charm, you felt for him. He had lots of great little moments. Then he got royally screwed in The Avengers and was made a mockery of, which did a major disservice to him. This time around, he's back to strutting his stuff and doing what he does best: wielding his mighty hammer like no one else can. As for Hiddleston as Loki (who is now sporting long stringy dark hair that makes him look like a pale rocker from the 80's. Or, alternatively, the singer Gotye. Apparently they don't have hair gel in Asgard jail), while I wasn't blown away by him originally, I grew to like him in The Avengers and felt he was also made the butt of a joke in that film at the expense of his character. Now he's back once again, this time to make us wonder if he really *is* someone Thor can trust or is still as bad as ever. Evidently, his popularity is what keeps bringing him back. I can see why he has his fans, and Hiddleston is very good in the role, plus he has great banter with Thor. However, I personally feel it's about time we got a break from him. He shares some good scenes with Thor, Jane Foster gives him a much-deserved slap, and he even gets to have the odd hero moment (one of the best being when he saves Jane, then Thor saves him). We do see how much Thor truly cares for his brother, despite their differences. If only the films could let him go. You know it's all about Loki when the film basically begins/ends with him. It almost doesn't even feel like Thor's film anymore.I know Natalie Portman's Jane Foster has her haters, but she's actually right up there (along with Captain America's Peggy Carter) as one of my favourite love interests from any superhero film. Although she doesn't have super powers, she's clever and brave. I like that she's an astrophysicist and human. I thought both she and Hemsworth's Thor had nice chemistry in the first film, so I'm glad we got to see more of them together here. Yes, she's angry with him and slaps him - but it's understandable/warranted, given how he left her. To her credit, she doesn't stay mad for long once she learns what happened. With a magical force called the Aether inside of her this time, she proves pivotal to the storyline (gaining some striking blue eyes in the process. The effects used for the Aether are quite dazzling). The other humans are also good. Kat Dennings as Darcy still gets lots of funny moments (no one can say 'Mjölnir' as cutely as she does), while Erik Selvig often being naked or without pants shows the after effects of what was done to him in The Avengers. Fans of the Warriors Three & Lady Sif may be disappointed. While they didn't have *that* much screen time last time, they still managed to make the most of it and I came to care about them as characters. This time, they may get a bit more screen time, but it's not nearly enough. The real shame is the lack of Jaimie Alexander as kick-arse Sif. Yes, she has her moments, but she could've done with a LOT more. At least she plays a part in the sequence partway through the end credits. Zachary Levi (from TV series Chuck) makes the most of his time replacing Josh Dallas as Fandral. Anthony Hopkins as Odin, I felt, was better and had more presence in the last film. In this one, his character acts like Thor did originally before he grew as a person. The role reversal may be intentional, but I don't think it served Odin's character well. As for Thor's mum...well...at least she proves that she can kick a bit of arse herself, but unfortunately for her...now she's just somebody that Loki used to know (blame Loki's hair for all the Gotye references). At least we see that he *does* care for her, try as he might to hide it.Whilst the Dark Elves are interesting to look at and have some pretty neat gizmos at their disposal, they aren't particularly memorable. Nor is their leader, Malekith (Christopher Eccleston). The best thing about him is his epic fight with Thor, which takes them back & forth between worlds/different locations. The Frost Giants were better. The movie still has plenty of humour. Scenes such as Thor, Mjölnir & a coat rack, Thor on a train, or the one where Loki shows off his powers and we get an unexpected appearance from that other likable Avenger (Captain America) are just a few of many funny moments throughout. I didn't think I'd miss Kenneth Branagh and his love of tilting the camera diagonally, but I feel he was able to craft a superior film to this one. I also missed the original film's score (which had so much emotion to it). On the plus side, we get some nice eye-catching end credits this time, which are done in a painting style. The mid-credits scene is the most bizarre yet out of all the Marvel films, though don't miss the after-credits scene. Here's an idea: Thor & Captain America in their own buddy movie. Make it happen, Marvel!
평점: 10	리뷰: It's hard to believe that a movie with this subject matter can make you think as much as it thrills you and makes you laugh. Yet, this film does just that. It really does appeal to all of your movie viewing skills. It's very artistic and you would expect no less from a director that crafted Game of Thrones. He presents the entire film in a way that can be savored. Many aspects are classical drama and yet other aspects are just plain old fun kick-butt action scenes. It's a perfect blend and this movie is far deeper then I would've thought. The pacing was perfect as is the indirect link to the Marvel movie Universe... I can't wait to see what Captain America brings us in his sequel.Also, I absolutely love the character of Loki because there was so much texture to the character. He's the perfect Marvel villain. He was complex but with a tinge of madness mixed in and perfectly written for the film. The rationale for what he does and how he behaves is masterful. I truly loved how Loki was written and portrayed. Then again, I honestly can say that about all the main characters. Thor and Jane really are allowed to shine here as well.My main critique after watching the first film was the instance romance between Jane and Thor. After watching this movie, you buy the love at first sight scenario boosted by the situational intrigue. This time around, the pace of the film really worked well. I can't remember a film that grabs you like they do right off the bat and never lets go but does it with intelligence and heart. Hard to argue any editorial cuts at this point whatever they may have been.Overall, a movie that's superior to everything else that I've seen this year.
평점: 10	리뷰: I just have been watching Thor : The Dark World and I'm just like, ASDFGHJKL why all of the Marvel's never disappointed me? It was unpredictable and highly satisfying so YEAAAAAH this movie just got delicious.then, I don't mean to spoil all of the spectacular things in this movie. but seriously, if you want to watch this, JUST WATCH AND HAVE A HEAVY BREATHING. in the end of this story, well, my head was thinking "LOKI YOU ARE A LITTLE BADASS"Thor just awesome and Lokiiiii! You are the bad ass! Here's the different of Loki in The Avengers and Thor : The Dark WorldLoki in Avengers: How desperate are you? That you call on such lost creatures to defend you? Loki in Thor 2: You must be truly desperate to come to me for help.you will never ever regret your life if you watch this one of Marvel's. P.S : I have a great view of Captain America in 3D.
평점: 6	리뷰: So a year on since the Avengers assembled and Loki has been in prison while Thor is making peace in the Nine Realms while the Bifrost was being rebuilt. So after all that is explained in the first 10 minutes we get to the story line which revolves around a Dark Elf known as Malekith and his search/revenge plans. Christopher Eccleston did a very interesting role although after watching I think he didn't own it, other people could have done it as well, if not better. That didn't ruin it though as another, unexpected, plot point revolves around Loki and the issues of trusting him which make for some very twisty and questionable scenes. I'd have to say I enjoyed the parts set on Earth more rather than in space for some reason, but all in all I liked how it looked although some elements I had seen before in other media. There were of course references to past films as the Tesseract got a mention as did New York. So my final thoughts are this: the special effects were great, the plot was OK but I've seen better, and all-in-all I have the same feel about it as the first, it didn't wow me but neither was I bored, it was just in the middle.
평점: 8	리뷰: It's been a year since the events of The Avengers. Bifrost has been rebuilt, and the Aesir are only now done world policing the other realms back to peace. Things won't remain quiet for long - a primeval race, the Dark Elves, return, determined to bring all of existence back to the nothingness before there was light. An oft-used, abstract "villain goal" - here visualized well, and made quite literal; part of their arsenal(the only advanced weapon in this that isn't so bland that it's downright distracting) is a grenade that creates a tiny black hole, relentlessly pulling away those caught within the blast radius. To this end, the leader Malekith(Eccleston bringing out the big guns for the least compelling bad guy of the current cinematic Marvel-verse), with the aid of his lieutenant, Algrim(Akinnuoye-Agbaje, using his immense physical presence to bring a seemingly unstoppable force of destruction to life - a lava-infused bull-like being), seek the Aether, a powerful essence that enables the wielder to drain life and light.It has recently resurfaced - in fact, it infected Jane Foster(Portman, cute in her awkward social behavior and obsession with discovery; she and our titular hero are pining for one another - with that said, the romance was better in the first one). This makes her a target, and the Asgardians find that their old foe is extremely dangerous. The only way to save the universe(can you say "raised stakes"?) appears to be for Thor(Hemsworth, charming, strong and, yes, arrogant - but now with an appreciation of planning and not rushing in) forming an uneasy alliance with Loki(Hiddleston at his most duplicitous, unpredictable... and vulnerable; in short, his best yet), who now faces consequences for his actions, and the two will come head to head over their on-going conflict - in general, this takes care to follow up on what has happened to these characters(in part by trimming the large cast some, not introducing many new faces, and, yes, less overall development for them) so far, a surprisingly personal story in this adventure of an epic scale.As this flies by with a pace that never overwhelms in spite of opening the until-now-only-ajar door to the vastness of space, the comic relief jokes and gags come in a steady stream, with the "Terminator 2" style humor - easing the otherwise heavy and bleak subjects, without becoming, well, T3, a parody. There is a ton of action(another of the many improvements on the great Branagh film), and it's much more varied - not merely(which doesn't mean they're gone) deities fighting creatures, we now have mid-air combat, jet fighters, chase sequences, even a major attack on a fortress! Aiming for Star Wars, this shows us more of the galaxy, defining the various areas as unique from one another. The grand orchestral score aids this tremendously, as does location shooting, solid FX work including prosthetics - with practical, suits and the like favored over CG. We go on an adventure - away from that which is familiar to either us or the protagonists. The plot is easy to follow, yet with good twists, and everything is properly set up and pays off.There is a lot of disturbing content, some mild violence and a little moderate language in this. I recommend this to any fan of fantasy, graphic novels and/or Nordic mythology. 8/10
평점: 6	리뷰: OK so i do have some words and they go a little something like this.... this movie was Bad with a capital B, Now i am an avid action film lover and mainly of marvel films and i went in with high hopes because i liked the first one but ill say again so disappointed.Allow me to list what was missing/wrong from this film,1) The plot! well i had trouble finding it or maybe i did find it but didn't believe that was it so i kept looking, it just did not suck me in at all and it didn't leave me wanting more.2) Visual effects! they were OK i guess seemed kind of dated in some places not the best iv seen but hey not the worst, Still for a movie of this caliber and expectations it was very much lacking.3) The Characters! (aka the soul of a movie) well this movie had no soul in fact when i left i felt mine died a little, this made me kinda sad but i got a frozen coke on the way out so that made me feel better for a little while i guess. Anyway i thought we were going to see the characters develop more but i was wrong again and man i hate it when i'm wrong 16 times in one day, I felt nothing for them i didn't even care for any of them and that bothers me a lot when you go to see a movie like this and you don't care? something is wrong and or missing.4) The Humor! A lot of people are talking about this both bad and good but i can't comment cause i didn't see nor hear any humor.5) Reaction from the Audience! Like watching a movie with friends when you reacted together in the same way for example laugh at something amusing it makes the movie more enjoyable, non existent in my theater of about 12 or so but still you would expect something like a laugh, a giggle or gasping but well you already know what i'm going to say.In conclusion this is my first time submitting a review for a movie and to be bothered so much by a movie to then write one has to mean something, It just seems like movies these days are lacking in heart they just want to pump these out without putting heart in them and that makes me sad... sad enough that now i have to go watch friends to cheer me up.Thank you for reading and remember these are just my thoughts and opinions by all means if you want to see it please do and form your own thoughts on the experience and i hope you enjoyed reading.
평점: 6	리뷰: This was phenomenal! Better than The Avengers with the expanse of a larger scale, and expanding the Marvel Cinematic Universe to reaches that exemplify the sci-fi feel to it. This is 'Star Wars' meets 'Lord of the Rings' with a touch of 'Flash Gordon' and the right blend of comedy and dark, sinister tones. This - along with the 'X-Men' franchise - shows how to bring a comic-book onto the big screen and do it so that it feels like a comic-book and also it's own original movie. Plus, stay for the entire credits...it has 2 post-credit scenes as opposed to the usual one).
평점: 6	리뷰: After watching twice in 3D TTDW, this including a re-watch of Thor1 , I am happy to say that after the exposition of K Branagh, A Taylor has upped the ante. TTDW could have been titled The Dark Realm as some essential scenes are shot in Svartalfheimr but as it concerns also the dark moods we all come across in our lives when we lose a dear one be it a lover, be it a sibling, world as a word is appropriated.A reproach many times heard about superheroes movies is that there is a small sprinkling of girls with superpowers yet most of the female persuasion is limited to the role of damsel in distress down to IM3 Pepper Potts who is given superpowers at the end ... because probably no woman can handle a tough situation without having superpowers? Well, sisters: you will be pleased to know that TTDW is the feminist movie of the year. Frigga is the wisest and most courageous of all Asgard, Darcy saves the day without any superpowers and Jane is the feistiest of heroins without any 'extra-terrestrial help.Which does not mean our boys are not for some (a lot of) actions. The battle scene of the invasion of Asgard by Malekith is thrilling. Odin unravels just as badly as Loki and we stop wondering where our Trickster learnt to deal with stress by having tantrums and shooting mean one-liners. Loki grows up down to a scene where we realise Thor knows more his brother than we thought. Both are deeply wounded and yes, the power of Love sees through the illusions and it is heart-breaking. by the way, this is not a spoiler: you need to bring some tissues: there is a scene which is a real tear jerker! If T Hiddleston is Loki (well Loki as in MARVEL), C Hemsworth is the Thunderer true and through. And both get their just deserts! Will Odin mellow, remains to be seen. I have no concern about A Hopkins performance; but I am concerned by an ageing wonderful actor. If would be wise of Marvel Studios to Short filming a few scenes ahead... in case... Mind you the cliffhanger is such that we could get not only a new Odin, but a new Loki.Rene Russo is brilliant, Alice Krige must return. What of the new Fandral: I like him! But please more of Hogun: his fighting skills are awesome: do not mess with Hogun the Grim. Zachari Levi must get the part of the remake of Captain Blood, as for Volstagg : he is just spot on. Jamie Alexander will come back: not only she deserves it but an wider, bigger and atypical role. If it is the one I suspect, the two actors are going to have fun. Am I cryptic enough? I believe I am.What of Midgard: Stan Lee and his shoe, Selvig and his absence of shoe ... and the rest. A wonderful battle with Malekith...An aether which is a real villain. Which leads us to the villain: the real villain who is the guy who went berserk in the editing room and cut out so many scenes. Let's hope the DVD bring us all the deleted scenes which are crying out loud lacking in the movie. Easily 10 if not 20 minutes of them!!! Yes, I am looking at you, K Feige.I am not impressed by the editing of the MARVEL Studios and certainly not impressed at all by the mid credit scene. If this is the best you can come up regarding Benicio Del Toro and the Collector it does not bode well at all for GOTG. Marvel, a cue: filming movies like a 1960s Dr Who or Star Trek is OK in the 1960s; not in 2013.C Eccleston said famously he was not a happy elf. I approve. The Dark Elves may have been a force to reckon with and the scenes for their blitzkrieg on Asgard are awesome but their part should be meatier, chunkier... and it is not. As we are privy (unbelievable but true) to a real difference of opinion between A Taylor and K Feige as the former refuses to take responsibility for the garish vulgar clumsy mid credit scene and the latter is literally glued to him in case he spills the beans. So the post credit scene shows such elegance and homage to the Jotunheim Thor 1 scene , we know that A Taylor must have filmed more scenes about the elves which weave into the tapestry of TTDW. Sadly, some insane guy of Marvel Towers took over. Hearme, you took over but we are not dupe! I shall return again and again. It is totally worth it. Waiting eagerly for Thor 3 and fingers cross Loki 1!In resume: TTDW, great story/movie/cast/score/director. Lousy producer.
평점: 6	리뷰: I was very interested in seeing how they would up the Thor sequel and I have to say it was a great movie on the whole. Asgard was amazing and had a great feel about it, you felt you were there yourself. But I felt although humour in the marvel movies is great and they hit it just right in the first movie, it was to forced in this one. It almost felt like they should have run a canned laughter track and had some of the awful jokes written by the people who made 2 and a half men (the world most over rated crock comedy). Thor's use of flight was really great and had some great shots of him flying about. But like in the previous movie Loki stole the show! Christopher Eccleston did a great job playing the Dark Elf king. If you love Marvel you have to see it just to complete the set.
평점: 6	리뷰: All is going well in Asgard: Loki is imprisoned after the New York incident, and Thor has restored order to the 9 Realms. Odin's favoured son is in his Dad's good books. But no-one has reckoned on Dark Elf lord Malekith coming out of hiding with secret weapon Aethir. To add complication, the Aethir takes up residence in Jane Foster. And Thor is definitely NOT in her good books - "Why didn't you at least phone?" The second solo outing for Marvel's God of Thunder is very much its own beast, although seeing the first movie and the Avengers will help. And the good news is that it is very entertaining. At times it felt like a Star Wars movie - a good one. The supporting cast all return (Fandral is re-cast) and much more of the movie, especially action sequences, take place in Asgard. There are some punch-the-air moments, some humour, some emotion, and certain of the relationships are developed nicely. Not everything goes as you would expect. Watch out for... no, no spoilers! I loved this.
평점: 6	리뷰: I'm a really big fan of superheroes, I've read many comics and I've watched nearly every film, which is based on a superheroe comic. Thor - The Dark World is far better than the previous Thor but I have to admit that the sequel wasn't worth to watch in the cinema, on the release date. Even though we can see a film, which offers you far more action than the forerunner, you can't overlook the fact that Marvel-Studios has created this film. During the first 40 minutes I've experienced an immense entertainment because the director Alan Taylor was really successful at creating a great atmosphere, the plot was taken really seriously, because it didn't contain any of these typical small jokes which normally appear during a Marvel-film. In addition there were a lot of mistakes considering the logic of the plot. After the first part the film became more and more atrocious, especially in the end. I will give "Thor-The Dark World" 6 out of 10 points because the film offered me more entertainment than the forerunner but if it was only for the first part, I would give 9 out of 10 points.
평점: 10	리뷰: I've watched many movies and I've not watched one that made me want to watch it again the second I stepped out of that cinema. Well, its so good that it sparked my first review so please know my sincere apologies if my grammar is bad.I thought that the jokes and twists were very well planned out and the entire movie flowed nicely from scene to scene. The sequel as rare as it comes is much better than its predecessor. More action, humour and touching scenes to boot. I think that Marvel and its crew has outdone themselves with this masterpiece.
평점: 10	리뷰: I am not going to blame this on Marvel as some people I speak to seem to want to say DC is better simply because directing talent has managed to bring Batman, Watchmen and the latest Man of Steel to the screen with an authentic feel while Marvel is still keen on getting that young audience. ;/ I enjoyed the first Thor immensely and I took my daughter and we both loved it. So what's wrong with number two? First off, I found the movie was a continuation from Avengers Assemble, so it felt rushed I for one would have wanted to know how the bridge was rebuilt that Thor destroyed and cut him off from Jane, that still remains a mystery. Secondly the action felt rushed and there were no real WOW! moments just the occasional "that was good". To bring it to perspective the best fight scene was Frigga vs Dark Elf Lord, precisely it was a shock that Frigga could wield a sword with such elegance seeing she was so easily dispatched by the Ice Giant in part 1. Thirdly, I know this was a 12A but I would have liked to see more of a romantic development between Jane and Thor, she was rather eager to snatch her hand from the big fella when ever intimacy was evident. An opportunity missed to redeem the weak action. The cliff hanger at the end was rather confusing. What happened to Odin? It wasn't all bad, the film managed to strike up some real emotion around loss, this for me was the only positive. On the flip side, my daughter loved it and I think this film will sit well with the under 12's but if you are a grown up I say wait for Hunger Games instead. 5 out of 10 for me. Not great but not seriously bad either, just poor from an already flourishing franchise.
평점: 10	리뷰: I'm pretty grateful to the makers of the film; as I left the theater, I had that feeling which I haven't felt since the 90s. There is not one single unnecessary, exaggerated, dull or boring scene (some events which could easily be told by cliché scenes are artistically presented) and this is a sign that the film-makers of Thor: The Dark World take what they do serious and respect the audience. So we had everything we expect from a good comic-book film, beautiful visuals, fight scenes (neither long nor meaningless), fun chemistry between Thor and Loki, intelligent twists and tricks, great acting by Hopkins and Hiddleston, funny moments which made the audience laugh out loud. Go and see it, great entertainment. (Don't leave the theater during the credits, you know, it's a Marvel film.)
평점: 6	리뷰: The blithe and action-filled sequel to the solid and surprisingly interesting "Thor" from 2011, never quite unfolds the necessary emotional depth that would make you truly care for the characters as there is no character development like in the first part where the all shiny thunder god Thor made a remarkable transformation from an arrogant bully into a responsible hero whereas now he appears to be a rather one-dimensional beau who is good for some stunning stunts and few cool lines; with his roguish brother Loki as a welcome exception since his ambiguous motives have a sort of lurking sensation to them even though he is slowly turning into a Roly-Poly doll whose tricks are getting old.The rag rug of a plot is too unoriginal and therefore too predictable to be really suspenseful in spite of some more or less contrived twists. It's the ever same "Capture the Flag"-formula, where the hero needs to wrest a "Holy Grail"-like magical stone from the enemy's greedy claws in order to save the world, that we have not just recently seen in too many movies before; whether it's called "Tesseract", "Allspark" or like in this case "Aether", it may be a somewhat necessary plot device that brings forward the action, however, if it remains like here the only impetus, the only sense without a deeper meaning, without a humane message, then it is too little and trite to have a lasting impact. Nowadays, every episode of "Game of Thrones" offers much more excitement and drama than many a Blockbuster I've seen in recent years.What's missing plot-wise is compensated with great visuals and nearly breathtaking action sequences that come along as a Star Wars meets Lord of the Rings meets Viking mythology crossover fantasy/science-fiction mash-up which is definitely a plus. The invasion of Asgaard by the Dark Elves strongly resembles the great Battle on Naboo in "Star Wars: Episode I" especially since Bambi-eyed Nathalie Portman plays the dame in distress in both movies. The chemistry between her role Jane Foster and Thor is good although their kisses lack the fiery passion we saw in Spiderman for example; much more touching love stories have been told than this one for sure."Thor: The Dark Kingdom" is at least nice to look at.
평점: 10	리뷰: I had high expectations for this film, and boy, was I NOT disappointed. I absolutely loved it. The amount of plot twists were uncountable. I think Marvel did great, great follow-up to Thor/The Avengers. My personal favorite is Loki, and I simply cannot wait till his next featuring. This is definitely a recommended watch. It has action for the guys, love for the girls, and everything else. There is actually no crtitiscm I can give you about this movie. I can't think of any crappy Hollywood movie cliché's. In my point of view, this movie was amazing. Story line was great, actors were great, the lines were great, everything was great. Ten out of ten from me.
평점: 7	리뷰: Thor, the Mighty Avenger, returns in his third outing in as many years. His latest installment derives plot strands from Thor and also deals with the residual effect of Avengers Assemble.With Loki imprisoned in the dungeons of Asgard, Thor strives along with his loyal comrades Lady Sif and the Warriors Three to maintain equilibrium across the nine realms. However, unbeknownst to Asgard, an old nemesis resurfaces in the form of the dark elves. Circumstances dictate Thor to forge an unlikely alliance with the captive Loki, in order to prevent an impending cataclysm.Directing duties change hands from Kenneth Branagh to Alan Taylor. A television veteran, Taylor has experience with shows such as Lost, The Sopranos and recently, Game of Thrones. It is that background which serves him well in this instance.He excels in making personalities with demi-god status more relatable, both in triumph and loss. All things affiliated with Asgard exhibits more authenticity. Furthermore, the characters are grounded in reality and the sequel delves deeper into the intricate relationships between characters than its predecessor.Chris Hemsworth is an admirable physical and emotional embodiment of the Norse deity. Tom Hiddleston is able to delineate grey shades in another accomplished performance as the nefarious Loki. While the latter may garner plaudits for his portrayal, Hemsworth shines as the eponymous warrior as well.While Thor was ostracized to earth in the first movie, the roles are now reversed and Jane Foster, played by Natalie Portman, is taken to Asgard. Portman is afforded a more substantial role and is pivotal to proceedings. All in all, she does well as Thor's star struck love interest.Doctor Who alum Christopher Eccleston portrays the implacable Malekith, a dark elf hell bent on seeking retaliation. While he delivers a menacing threat, assuring higher stakes for Thor, ultimately Malekith is tantamount to a generic and one-dimensional antagonist.The highlight of The Dark World is undoubtedly its humor. The blue print is akin to Iron Man 3 and the director is able to balance the comic relief with dramatic sequences. Secondly, the Thor and Loki dynamic is a thrill for viewers. Their collective charisma ensures some of the movie's better sequences.Moreover, the action and visual effects, in keeping with other Marvel movies, are exquisite. Battles are well executed and expansive, particularly the swashbuckling finale. Last but not least, the story arcs for both Thor and Loki culminate in an emotionally satisfying manner.The film is not without its loopholes though. At a running time of only 112 minutes, events unfold at breakneck speed, which may feel like several scenes have been edited. Ultimately, the sequel is bigger than its precursor in terms of scale and provides an engaging movie going experience.
평점: 8	리뷰: Thor was a big gamble for Marvel in 2011. One of the campier Avengers who was surrounded by full-blown fantasy elements, the Norse God with a big red cape and hammer wasn't even being played by a well known star. What a difference two years and a box office behemoth in the form of The Avengers makes. This sequel comes with virtually no risk and a lead actor who is now a bona fide A-lister, but it also comes with much higher hopes. Swapping Kenneth Branagh's Shakespearian influence for Alan Taylor's Game of Thrones experience, The Dark World has decreased it's regality and amped up it's grittiness, yet thankfully retains its sense of fun. There's definitely a feel of greater peril here, with no-one but Thor seemingly out of Taylor's reach for a fatal ending, however for every scene of despair or Dark Elven malevolence, there's a hilarious gag (Loki's shapeshifting and any time Stellan Skarsgard's nutty scientist is on screen are highlights) waiting around the corner. The action set-pieces don't disappoint either; the climactic battle is inventive, if not mind-blowing, and a couple of earlier melees - including an attack on Asgard - are exhilarating and keep the pace moving swiftly along. What elevates this follow up though is the pairing of Thor (Chris Hemsworth) and Loki (Tom Hiddleston), who, after two previous movies to build up their brotherly baggage and perfect their repartee, are scintillating whether in the process of a daring escape or just engaging in some general chit chat. Fulfils its blockbuster quota of action spectacle whilst adding a healthy dose of spot-on humour and sharply written dialogue - what's not to like?
평점: 7	리뷰: I have no expectation before watching this movie after a disappointment that 'Iron Man 3' had marked months ago. Unpredictably 'The Dark World' is above what I think it would be. 'Marvel: The Avengers' franchise has never been this much fun since first 'Iron Man'. Alan Taylor as director dares to take risks in storyline and makes it out from comfort zone. Some action scenes are entertaining and sometimes hilarious, especially when Loki involved. Thor character is shown much more development than the previous movie. In 'The Dark World', Thor is described more grown up and more responsible to save Asgard and Earth from villain's threat. Also the studio has succeeded to exploit Thor's power in this movie that doesn't happen in first franchise or in 'The Avengers'. The presence of Malekith has succeeded enough to give good impression as villain. Perhaps there's quite disorganized in plot and some jokes aren't in the right place. Overall, 'Thor: The Dark World' is one of the most memorable superhero movie this year, also great one from 'The Avengers' franchise. The IMAX 3D is worth to watch though.
평점: 7	리뷰: While it possesses a predictably uninspiring plot almost every superhero movies use, Thor: The Dark World manages to be entertaining due to its clever script, great chemistry between the cast and amazing visual presentation. It improves on the original with larger action sequences and smoother, more appealing and more elegant scenes. At heart, the relationships between characters are amusing to watch, especially the dysfunction brotherhood of Thor and Loki, much to Tom Hiddleston's credit.It opens up slightly plain with monologue explanation of a banished ancient race that made an ominous weapon, was defeated in way and ultimately swore vengeance upon Asgard, which harrowingly feels all too similar to Superman's nemesis, amongst others. It then reintroduces the characters and how they fare after the events from the first movie. With Thor's concern over his duty and longing for Jane, the first half is a bit mundane. It does gradually become much more compelling with good acting and light yet efficient humor. Dialogues are funny, presented at timely occasions and don't feel forced. There lies sincere playful moments; more than most movies of its kind has to offer.Acting from the cast is charming. Chris Hemsworth seems more comfortable as Thor. He shows a fairly natural performance and it coincides well as the character itself becomes more mature. Natalie Portman as Jane is decent, but she's still somewhat trapped in the damsel in distress role. Tom Hiddleston performs wonderfully as Loki, still looking mighty treacherous but has a hint of redemption this time around. It's good to see both brothers interact with each other as that is one of the best moments of the movie.As expected from a blockbuster movie, it delivers quite well on its depiction of alien worlds intertwined with Earth. Asgard has abundance of tiny details, from its gadgetry, garment to mishmash of traditional Viking and futuristic housing. Color palette has changed from the first's dusky set of New Mexico to more cloudy grayish skyline of London. Nifty spectacles are spread throughout, battles are fought exotically and the clash of colors is enchanting. Its 3D effect has reasonably vivid impact, it won't impede the visual, in fact adds to the enjoyment.Thor: The Dark World is simply a better sequel. The plot might be generic, but its genuine humor, good acting and delightful graphic ensure an enjoyable lighthearted watch. As it stands now, it's one of the better action fantasy movies of recent time.
평점: 8	리뷰: *Acting*: Fantastic - Kat Dennings stood out to me; although she had a lot of screen time, more so than the Warriors 3 it appeared - but she portrayed the character so well that I really didn't care because frankly, she was very entertaining. Chris Hemsworth reached a new level of 'fantastic' with his performance - he held his own and kept the film going.Not a huge amount to say about anyone else; Hopkins is always great, my personal 'meh' regarding Portman continues (Foster seems to be a believable character, though so kudos) and Ecclston didn't get a huge amount in the way of screen time. Hiddleston was incredible. I leave him until last, because... well, he was incredible.*Effects*: Much like the first film, I thought the effects of this film were flawless. There are few films which have effects and graphical quality which match Thor, for some reason they are literally amazing, and better, in places than Iron Man 3.*Directing*: There is a scene where some Elves fight some Asgardians with flying ships - this to me felt way too Star Warsy. But other than that, Taylor did a good job.*Writing*: The effects and acting aside, the writing was one of the best bits if this film: it was surprisingly funny throughout, and the Old English way of speaking is continued well.*Fight Scenes*: *drools**Tone*: I loved this tone. Seriously, it gave hopelessness when it was necessary and I loved that because the audience needs to feel hopeless against the bad guy so that when the good guy wins it's just that much more satisfactory. And Loki just added a giant enigma to it. *Characters*: Loki is my main point regarding this; compared to Thor (1) he is very different, but nonetheless unpredictable. And because of Avengers, he has become even more so. Ergo, there's a bunch of moments where 'I did not see that coming.' Darcy, too, seems to have a larger part, which was fantastic. Having watched all the other films previously, I can now say I like Selvig's arc, and his character, while not required so much by the plot, helped continue on his story in a post-Avengers world.*Chris Hemsworth's Muscles*: He looks like a Nord when he takes his shirt off. It might be the hair.*Weaknesses/Drawbacks*: With Iron Man 3, I found the score to be great - and memorable because of it - so I therefore own several songs from the score album. However this score, not so much. I'll try listen harder on my second viewing, but I was not blown away by it (though I could hear Iron Man overtones...) I'm not sure if Agents of SHIELD have spoiled me for intra-Avengers references, but Chris Evans pops up and I'm not sure if its really necessary, though it was funny and nice to be reminded of the fact we're in the Avengers world. I didn't feel it was long enough. The midway-through-film action sequence in Asgard provided several battle sequences, all of which ended rather abruptly.And the funeral scene, while moving, felt long in comparison to the battle sequence. The scene itself I had no problem with, just the sequence before it. I also felt it missed something. I liked Jane Foster's input into defeating the bad guy, and the comedy was great, but I still feel there is something missing, and I can't quite put my finger on it.The 'intern', I felt, wasn't a necessary character. While it was somewhat nice for Darcy to have a guy, it's not like the audience, or indeed, Darcy, would have suffered if he wasn't there. And indeed, the plot would definitely not have suffered had he not been there. I guess that's my own particular approach to film-making.*Future Set-Ups/Questions*: The film does what all great franchise films do - make's the audience ask questions about the end and the franchise's future. Taylor has set up something that makes me want to explore. Mid- credits scene too, interests me - for those who don't know, it's Benicio del Toro and Guardians Of The Galaxy setting up that film, and probably Thanos in some way too. The post-credits scene is nothing special, though gives us a point about Thor on Earth, and is kinda funny (won't say why.)
평점: 8	리뷰: Far better than the first movie. Sorry, but I found the first movie is a bit boring... I do not read the comics so I will just write what I know from the movies version. This sequel of Thor (2011) is simply amazing and obviously becomes a movie that you want to watch over and over again like Marvel's The Avengers (2012).The main characters from the first movie come back. With a bit of change in the cast, I think (Zachary Levi!). Begins with a war in the "space" between Malekith and Asgard, Loki with handcuffs brought to prison, another battle in present time with the appearance of Asgardian warriors. Thor, of course, came up with a dramatic entrance. Kicking-ass as usual, then the story moved to a peaceful, everyday life in Earth/Midgard. Jane, Darcy (Kat Dennings is still awesome), and Ian (intern!) found a dimension portal as told by a group of kids, Jane disappeared into another world, the Aether made Jane its host, Jane came back to surface, and finally met Thor.Thor brought Jane to Asgard and tried to get out the Aether from Jane's body. But yeah, it is not that easy. Then Malekith invaded Asgard resulting Frigga's death. The scene when Frigga and fallen Asgardian warriors were burnt and brought to afterlife was really awesome and gave me chills. Thor, seeing this, would not just sit around while Malekith and his army brought grieves to Asgard. He asked for Loki's help to escape Asgard. Of course also with the help of Sif, Volstagg, and Fandral. Epic battle with Malekith ending with Loki's death (no, he is not). Thor then came to Earth with Jane and battled Malekith for the last time. With those portals being unstable, some of the teleport scenes are hilarious and awesome at the same time. Malekith was killed after being teleported to Svartalfheim, with Malekith's own ship crashed over him.And do not forget the post-credit scene. There are two of them. Seeing this post credit indicates the possibility for the third movie. Overall, this movie is awesome. Action, drama, comedy, science-fiction, mythology things, you can find all of them in this Thor: The Dark World. All of them are in right position and makes this movie amazing. But with all those amazing things about this movie, it also has a bit of minus side. I think Loki needs more screen time than that, no sign of S.H.I.E.L.D. at all??? (only mentioned once), and why should Frigga dead? Thor: The Dark World is highly recommended. Especially for the fans of Thor, Marvel movies, and action-genre. You will not be disappointed and I am sure you want to watch this over and over again.
평점: 8	리뷰: Marvel continue to show they understand their characters (and their audience) better than anyone else with Thor:The Dark World. I'm trying to write a virtually spoiler-free review so I won't go into the plot, other than to say it chuggs along nicely, and the second half of the movie is laced with humour. All the cast from the first movie return and the new villain is Malekith (Christopher Eccleston) a dark-elf on a mission to restore what he sees is the natural order of the universe. And everyone is given a moment or too to do their thing, from Hopkins' gravitas to Stellen Starsgard's bonkers scientist, the film does not disappoint.Forget the scientific gobbledegook explanations that explain the plot - just have fun with this rollicking fantasy adventure, that even goes a bit Star Warsy at times. Natalie Portman must have smiled at being asked to do a lakeside scene not dissimilar from what we saw in Attack Of The Clones. I certainly did.As ever Chris Hemsworth and Tom Hiddleston are at the heart of what makes this movie tick - Hiddlestone again is terrific, easily one of the best Superhero movie villains. Hemsworth again does well as Thor.The numerous effects are splendid but unlike Man Of Steel, not overbearing, and the film itself has a pretty epic feel at times. Alan Taylor's direction is very assured. The constant world-hopping may jar the uninitiated but the film is very enjoyable, and is mercifully 120 minutes or so long; and in an era when Hollywood excess often gives you a bum-numbing 150+ minute movies, that's surely no bad thing. Excellent. Can't wait for Captain America: The Winter Solidier.
평점: 8	리뷰: Thor returns in yet another triumphant adventure. When the original aired in 2011 it was perhaps the Marvel property that people were most skeptical about. The God of Thunder, wearing a red cape, Norse mythology and all, it sounded really silly. It was perhaps this low level of expectation, which I also had for Iron Man, which helped to make it such a success. It was fun and loud with a good heart at its core, not to mention introducing Chris Hemsworth and the outstanding Tom Hiddleston. Their chemistry helped to seal the deal and this continued with their adventures in Avengers.I think over the years, many of us have become quite endeared to all of the Avengers characters, they are almost household names and each new Marvel entry is welcomed with considerable fanfare. Thor: The Dark World is no exception.The story begins by introducing us to the Dark Elves led by Malekith in a time before Thor and Odin. Bor, father of Odin, managed to stop Malekith from using an energy known as the Aether to return the universe to the darkness it once knew before there was creation. The Aether was hidden and the story fell into legend and fable.However, as the alignment of the planets approaches once again, Jane Foster (Natalie Portman), now residing in London, inadvertently makes a discovery that is going to draw her straight into the heart of Thor's latest adventure. Thor is forced to return to Earth and even bring Jane back to Asgard where the Asgardians are given something of a rude awakening. They soon realize that the Dark Elves they remember from their bedtime stories are very real and have once again returned to try and throw the universe back into darkness.This is a great adventure with real consequence. We are reminded that although perceived to be gods by people on Earth during the time of Vikings, Asgardians can be hurt, can be injured, and they frequently do. Thor has to muster more than just physical strength to try and defeat the Dark Elves and it is not without some dire consequences. More than once I found myself wiping away a manly tear from my eye. Thankfully, Thor has the assistance of all his friends from the original movie and they play no small part in helping him try and restore order to the nine realms.I enjoyed once again seeing these characters that I've grown to love and I was happy to see that this movie can be enjoyed as a complete story in its own right, not serving to be just a set up for the next Avengers movie. There is a healthy dose of well-timed humour, which helps to balance the otherwise dark overtones of the story. Performances are great all round, continuing the old world Shakespearean style of banter we have come to expect from Asgardians. I particularly loved some of the imagery seen on Asgard, seeing their world, how they live, watching Thor and Jane meander around the charming streets of this beautiful alien world.I felt Thor seemed somewhat underpowered in this outing, especially after seeing him topple cities with his hammer Mjolnir previously, but this may simply be a reflection of how powerful his adversaries are this time.What I did feel was weak were the 3D effects, so save yourself a buck or two and just watch it in a standard 2D digital screening unless you really want to see the extended Captain America Winter Soldier trailer which is attached to the 3D screening.Another homerun for Marvel, I strongly recommend you catch this on the big screen and, it goes almost without saying, stay right to the end of the credits as there may be more than one golden egg waiting for you.Check it out!Rating 8 out of 10FOR THIS AND OTHER REVIEWS CHECK OUT MAXIMUMEXTREME.NET
평점: 9	리뷰: I saw The Dark World yesterday and was not disappointed. Not like Iron man, that I really liked only to see a really bad sequel and a not so good second sequel, this movie delivers all the way. A really good cast, a story fit for this movie, heaps of action, great special effects and balanced and effective humor made this a real fun experience. I will not give anything away but I do recommend you stay in your seat till the very end!! There is to much to write down here and you should see it for yourself but this is up there with the Avengers and Spiderman 1 and 2, it's just that good and that much fun. And let's be honest, who wan's to leave the cinema being sorry he went. This is not likely in this case!I hope you enjoy it as much as I did.
평점: 8	리뷰: Marvel's superheroes just keep coming. It's just only been a few months since the release of the immensely successful "Iron Man 3". Now it's Thor, the God of Thunder to strike back. Thor is of course the least relatable of the Avengers. But that doesn't stop this movie from succeeding. There are multiple references to what happened in the blockbuster "The Avengers". Often referred to as the "alien invasion in New York", it doesn't really play a major role in the primary plot in "Thor: The Dark World" itself. So, even if you haven't watched "The Avengers", don't worry, you won't feel left out.The plot of "Thor: The Dark World" concerns with something extremely ancient. The Aether is kind of like a fluid that is extremely full of energy and is able to turn ordinary matter into dark matter. This ancient relic begins to play its part in the story after scientist Jane Foster (Natalie Portman) travels to another world accidentally and encounters it. It is later revealed that every 5000 years, the nine realms will be in perfect alignment and therefore, borders between these worlds become blurred. This is an event known as the "Convergence". However, due to the recent activity of the Aether, a race called by the Dark Elves, led by Malekith, are awakened. Apparently, they were once ruthless rulers who were defeated by Odin's father Bor. Bor vanquished the Dark Elves and it started a peace that lasted for thousands of years. However, Malekith wants the Aether to plunge the whole universe into total darkness. He intends to that at the peak of the "Convergence". Now, it's up to Thor to stop Malekith and his evil schemes. If Thor is to defeat Malekith, he's going to need help from someone unlikely...... Loki.Yes! A team-up between Thor and Loki. This is one of the most exciting components of the film. Thor is serious, powerful whereas Loki is wise-cracking, mischievous, and very tricky. Together, they form a very well-balanced duo and seeing them work together is true joy. There is plenty of action. Of course! It's a superhero action movie. But the superpowers incorporated here are mighty and therefore the sequences are intensified. The Aether is slick and don't forget, Mjolnir is a ravager. The 3D is amazing and I watched this in IMAX 3D. Not all of the scenes were shot in IMAX, but some of the landscapes were incredibly beautiful. More of Asgard is revealed and it really is gorgeous. The movie also had a comedic nature. In fact, it was funnier than I expected. The mischievous and charismatic Loki is plenty of fun to watch. Watching him on screen is pure delight and his character is extremely interesting. But you also have to keep an eye on Dr. Erik Selvig, Jane's ally. He's gone a bit crazy in this movie and therefore, his antics are hilarious in the movie. Malekith is an all-powerful villain and he is intimidating. However, I didn't really think he was an interesting villain. His background is rich but that was short. We don't know really know Malekith. He is extremely devoid of character and sometimes, he's so boring. He, along with his race, speak a language that sounds like pre-historic dialect to me. Performances were wonderful. Chris Hemsworth is a well-rounded character and has given Thor adequate depth. Natalie Portman is stunning as the pretty and intelligent Jane Foster. Anthony Hopkins shows his class as Odin. Tom Hiddleston is flawless as Loki. His performance is top-notch. Christopher Eccleston's performance was polished enough, although his character was a bit boring. So is it a good movie? Yes. "Thor: The Dark World" is a good sequel and I would say that this exceeds the original in quality. I enjoyed the film although the villain was kind of dull. It may fall in some aspects but overall, this is a great success. And as a Marvel film, check out the two post-credits scenes. Rating: 8/10Final Verdict: "Thor: The Dark World" is a well-polished sequel that has great action, excellent chemistry (especially between Thor and Loki), but lacks character in the villain.
평점: 8	리뷰: Went to see this yesterday and had a great time watching this. It was great to see a bit more of Asgard this time around although would have also loved some more of the rest of the realms itself. Loved that they showed Vanaheim in the beginning. Lots of humour already right from the start of the movie & that continued throughout the movie. Gripping one liners & nice little surprises like the "Captain America" appearance, which had the room bursting out with laughter yesterday. Also loved the insight we got into Loki's soul after what happened to Frigga. It gave the character more depth & explains why he does end up siding with Thor after all. They all did a brilliant job on the fight sequences, loved watching those as they weren't extremely long. Great CGI stuff although a bit obvious when they had to do close ups. It's shot in a darker light ( if that makes sense ) but I liked that bit as the movie tone is set in a darker mood. The chemistry between Jane & Thor was better compared to the 1 st movie IMO. I believe Hemsworth was a better Thor as he had to grow into his character in the 1st movie, whereas Hiddleston owned the Loki character from the 1st minute he put on the horns. At least that is how I perceived it. Heimdall was awesome & I liked that he got more screen time this movie. Was expecting more from Malekith movie wise, missed some of that darkness that really started of this war..Tom Hiddleston as Loki however stole the show as Hiddleston has embraced this character completely & is totally in touch with how Loki should be portrayed.The ending made me grin as I had a serious "Hell No!" Moment at a certain point in the movie, just sitting in my seat shaking my head in disbelief...but I shouldn't have worried really.Worth the wait & looking forward to seeing the next instalment!
평점: 8	리뷰: Thor was arrogant and impulsive and learned to become more worthy . Thor : The Dark World begins an amazing way showing a great view of the mythology behind the 9 realms , the threat generated by the Dark Elves that have Ether that the course of the film becomes the real danger , then we have an already created for the development of the plot . We have an excellent view of the whole essence of the comic book Thor , the costumes and special effects contribute in an extensive Experience the general performances performed by the actors are convincing , the villainous Malekith is well interpreted and demonstrates a true cause for their action, Loki once again steals the show and keeps a large treacherous and leaving everyone in a state of attention to each step taken by him . Throughout the film we have a load of jokes and acceptable contrapartes , the mythology is explored very well in the movie as references to various occasions , the special effects are excellent , the soundtrack is good and demonstrates a balance between action of the moment. The film has problems like lack of direction in relation to the romance between Thor and Jane Foster and causes get stressed enough , in the final moments of the film lacks a bit of understanding . and we also have references to the Marvel universe , and stay until the end because there is 2 scenes after credits ; Thor : The Dark World is a great movie and one of the best ever made by Marvel Studios , is well worth watching.
평점: 8	리뷰: The Review: For me the original Thor film was my second , least favourite Marvel adaptation after Captain America (sorry Capt.). It wasn't bad but it always felt like it was missing something special. Now, two years later and bolstered by an appearance alongside his Avengers buddies, the Blonde, buff god returns in what is a far more well rounded and successful movie.The Story: Faced with an enemy that even Odin and Asgard cannot withstand, Thor must embark on his most perilous and personal journey yet, one that will reunite him with Jane Foster and force him to sacrifice everything to save us all.Firstly let's get this out the way. Thor 2 is actually really good. Excellent in fact. Of all the Avengers films, it's probably the most 'together ' . It has a simple story, which moves at pace, with action and drama but keeping it tight enough to come in at under 2 hours. It even manages to get around (at least MOSTLY get around) the standard CGI monster fighting CGI good guy trope that has hobbled the end of every Avengers film since Iron Man.A large reason why the film works so well is the sublime decision to once again sit an unlikely candidate in the director's chair. Be it Jon Favreau for Iron Man or James Gunn for the upcoming Guardians Of The Galaxy, Marvel have a knack of picking the right man for the job. This time out respected TV and Game Of Thrones director Alan Taylor brings a more even vision to the film, much more suited to the material than Kenneth Branagh, and obviously revels in having a larger that his usual budget to play with. The action is clean and well shot, and best of all you can see every punch, every explosion and every insane flying spaceship moment.Oh and talking of flying Spaceship moments director Taylor is obviously a fan of 80's cheese fest Flash Gordon, being that he borrows a considerable part of the films finale for the attack on Asgard. Not that I'm complaining as the mix of sci-fi, Norse legend, super hero and action make for a pleasant change form the usual Earth bound Marvel world.Hemsworth once again proves he is a man of considerable talent, delivering action alongside comedy and the occasional pathos. Naturally Natalie Portman has little to do (as is the female role generally in a Marvel film) but she remains a welcome addition, as does the returning Idris Elba, Tom Hiddleston (once again a stand out as Loki) and Anthony Hopkins (as his most gravelly). Rene Russo even gets to kick arse, which is nice. As for former Dr Who and professional grump Christopher Eccleston he does good with his limited bad guy role, but in reality with the added make up and FX it could have been anyone as Dark Elf leader Malekif.In truth the film has little against it, other than maybe an element of familiarity, and ends up being one of the best blockbusters of the year. Maybe not as good overall as Iron Man 3, but certainly more fun. For the most part.So overall a good script, great characters and some snappy dialogue alongside standout action sequences and a fast pace mean that deservedly Thor The Dark World will be another hit for Marvel. Truly a studio that cant seem to get it wrong.Reviewed By: Phil HobdenJoin the debate on our Facebook Group (www.facebook.com/groups/Filmsploitation) or on our website (www.thefilmpodcast.co.uk)
평점: 10	리뷰: A truly satisfying sequel to the Avenger series. Those that have seen the previous movies will be completely thrilled, and those who are just starting will appreciate the snappy, witty dialog and the action-packed scenes. The film is filled to the brim with adventure and the romance is just subtle enough to exist, but will not bore the younger ones. The French version of this film is terrific. Some jokes were better rephrased in French than in English, from what I've seen in the trailer. A couple scenes were almost word-less and still had me shaking in laughter. There are also heart-wrenching moments, and a predictable twist at the end (it couldn't have been a Marvel movie otherwise!) but the direction of the twist was unexpected. Stay after the credits for extra scenes.
평점: 10	리뷰: Thor 2 was the best movie I've seen all year, and I've seen a lot. It was perfectly balanced between tragic and amusing, between epic and casual, between ancient and contemporary,... The acting is superb (as ever in the Thor movies), the costumes look great and the script exceeds all expectations. The beautiful animation of Asgard, the ships and magic added a lot to the movie as well. The chemistry between the characters was very well and interestingly portrayed as well, especially the ones between Thor and Loki and Jane and Thor. Thor 2 was surprising and amazing, I'd definitely recommend it to any fan of Marvel movies.
평점: 5	리뷰: This was a big disappointment for me. If Loki had not been in it the movie would have been dull beyond belief. The main antagonist, played by Christopher Eccleston, was terrible; the most one-dimensional character I've seen in a long time. There's some spaceship battles straight out of the Star Wars prequels as well.Apart from some nice visuals and some decent fights, a couple of cool cameos and some funny moments, this one fell flat for me and poor in comparison to the first.It was only when the battle came to Earth that things got interesting, I think prior to that there may have been too many CGI backgrounds and special effect fights which made me switch off. I did start to get into it towards the end but it was not an enjoyable journey.
평점: 9	리뷰: Thor: The Dark World is a great superhero movie which combines elements from fantasy and scifi movies. There is enough surprise moment and humor to keep it ongoing and sustainable. Movie lends shameless elements from Star Wars and Lord of The Rings movies and combines them together to an original adventure. Movie looks and sounds beautiful. Bouncing between different dimensions could easily be confusing but director Alan Taylor keeps them tightly together. Even the length of the movie is suitable, less than two hours, which is great remittance despite all the action and scenery. That ensures that you won't get bored and movie rumbles through it's duration like fast train. Balance between humor and drama is great in spite of some murky moments. It is good to see that Marvel takes good care it's movies and combines finely different productions. That ensures nice comic feeling in their movies. Unquestionably Thor: The Dark world is Marvel's elite in these comic book adaptions. The end of the movie promises more sequels for this sledge hammer hero. I just hope they have more courage to bring elements from Asgard mythology in upcoming sequels. That would make this even more enjoyable movie experience. Hemsworth is good choice as Thor but Natalie Portman's role leaves a little bit too easy. Great entertainment no matter what.
평점: 9	리뷰: I have just returned from watching Thor: The Dark World and I have nothing but praise for it! For some reason i was expecting to be underwhelmed by this outing but am extremely and pleasantly surprised by the quality of this film....the acting, particularly from Hemsworth & Hiddlestone is genuinely first rate, and the direction skillfully engages you and even more skillfully avoids falling in tired cliché which is extremely impressive as the Dark Elf plot line is, to be honest, nothing new.As a reader of the Thor comics it is fantastic to see the characters of the main protagonists being fleshed out in line with their comic book portrayals. The Loki that Hiddlestone has slowly shaped over three films is now, for my mind, the Loki of the comic books. It's this kind of thing that really pleases me. Hemsworth's Thor is now much more rounded and fleshed out (pun intended, my girlfriend was extremely impressed with one particular scene). The effects for Mjolnir and indeed for all of Thor's powers were much more considered and impressive than in previous films . Nice to see.As others have said, the main pulling point in film is the relationship between Thor and Loki and it's this that gives the film a really satisfying depth and interest. This is a highly enjoyable and impressive film and I will be seeing this again, (in 2D though as 3D adds nothing) and whole heartedly recommend this to others. 9/10
평점: 4	리뷰: I watched the movie yesterday in the evening and honestly I did not enjoy it at all. Firstly we were shown 50 minutes ( yes 50 minutes!) of advertisement. I can proudly say I know all the kid's toys now.I was expecting much more better Thor movie however I was wrong. First half was "Narnia" and the second half was "London City Guide for Tourists" founded by some ministers probably. Odin was same , he always makes mistakes and Thor is always right. It was very weird to watch how they connect Jane Foster character and her fellow friends to the movie . Things happening all the time without any sense. Crazy weirdo scientists ( Hollywood likes to show weirdo crazy British scientist lately - Pasific Rim - Agents of Shield etc..), a very bad villain and thousands of Asgardian Guardians (Lets say headless chickens), very amateur Asgardian King( I do not even let him to drive my car, he is the king of stupidity.). I do not believe someone else could write this movie worse than them. 110 minutes of getting bored just to watch a complete disaster. By the way weirdos saved the universe with a game-boy and couple of sticks. We do not need any superhero anymore.If you are 12 okay you will enjoy I am sure. Stay away!!.And to Hollywood : Guys OK you can make special effects but please learn how to shoot a proper movie.
평점: 4	리뷰: My summary line is not intended to suggest that "Thor" in any way belongs to the artsy niche. Still, with Kenneth Branagh at the helm, it has more than a normal share of plot complication, intriguing subtlety and character development. In the hand of Emmy-winning TV drama director Alan Taylor, the sequel "The dark world" is good action-driven entertainment. For a brief recap of the background (which, as mentioned, is quite complicated), I can perhaps refer to my review of "Thor" (2011): http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0800369/reviews-85The sequel comes with a much simpler plot. The titular reference is significant as the anchor for the main plot – villains trying to plunge the universe into perpetual darkness. Another key element is something that you'll find in almost every movie of this genre – an iconic object or substance. This time, it's an immensely powerful but rather elusive energy (looks like whiffs of red smoke, if you really have to know) that has found its way into Jane Foster's body. You can probably write the rest of the story just as capably as any screenwriter. Notice that I have not mentioned any names, for villain or substance. This is deliberate: why crowd this brief outline with unnecessary details?Patience in the anticipation of the loyal audience is rewarded, particularly those frustrated in not seeing Natalie Portman in "The Avengers" (2012). Here, she is all Jane Foster again – scientist, sweetheart and, towards the end, not quite damsel-in-distress when she teams up with Stellan Skarsgard (reprising eccentric scientist Erik Selvig), using science to fight the baddies. Most of the other old friends are back. On the human world we have, cute as ever, Kat Dennings bringing back Darcy Lewis, plus a very funny newcomer Jonathan Howard as "the intern's intern". In the fantasy world, while Anthony Hopkins as King Odin is predictable, Renee Russo as Queen Frigga offers a delightful surprise with a beautiful action sequence wielding a deadly back-handed blade. Those delighted in Jamie Alexander's cool beauty will be happy to see that her Sif has taken on a slightly stronger role, but only in the action department and never a rival love interest. On the other hand, the role of the "Warriors Three" is reduced, with Hogun (Tadanobe Asano) dropped completely from action, reduced to a mere cameo. Idris Elba does his usual thing as Heimdall the guardian of the portal. As to the villain, it is difficult to measure up to Canada's treasure Colm Feore in "Thor" and in that light Christopher Eccleston does turn in a solid performance. That leaves the two male leads. Between "Thor" and this sequel, Chris Hemsworth has made other credible acting impressions, the best of which is flamboyant British Formula One racer James Hunt in "Rush" (2013). In "The dark world" we see him capably delivering a more matured and humane Thor. Tom Hiddleton as Loki is universally recognized as the brightest star in "Thor". Parallel to a matured Thor, then, is a mellowed and subdued Loki. There is nothing wrong with this direction which is consistent with the shift towards an action-driven movie, as mentioned. The serviceable plot and the satisfying action are well anchors in excellent visuals and impressive GCI. Perhaps not jubilant, they audience should nevertheless be well satisfied after the two-year wait.One last word: this movie comes with not just one, but two "appendixes". The first, the customary "hook" for what is to come, is shown immediately after the end of the movie, with a cameo of Benicio Del Toro who apparently will have a role in the next one. Then, after waiting patiently through the entire credit roll, the audience is rewarded with something that is really just part of the main body proper of the movie – its ending minute that is cut away and placed at end of the credit roll.
평점: 10	리뷰: It's so much better than Thor 1. I was not a fan of Thor myself, because Thor 1 was little bit boring and cliché, and I didn't think Thor 2 would turn out any better. I watch this sequel finally out of curiosity, and voila! I don't regret my curiosity at all. :DYou'll see very significant differences with Thor 1, starting from the movie directing, quality story, plot twist, really fun jokes, and it's really really much better than Thor 1. Even I myself and my boyfriend think Thor 2 is more enjoyable than Iron Man 3. Really. :DIn addition, idk but I think the joy I get after watching this movie is quite similar with the joy I get after watching The Avengers several months ago. The Avengers is one of my favorite movies.It means, it's really that good. :)I'll give 10 to support this movie to higher average score. I think it deserves more than 7.8. What do you think? :D
평점: 6	리뷰: Well I was so looking forward to seeing this movie when I went last night, and although it was reasonably good it was not at all what I expected.Watch the official movie trailer and you see what looks like quite a dark fantasy, so you can imagine my surprise when throughout the movie the audience was laughing out loud at the stupid one liners. Yes I know this is entertainment, and this movie was moderately entertaining, but once again the makers have tried to please everyone by adding a bit of everything; action, special effects, romance and humour, just far too much of the latter for my taste in a genre that does not require hilarity to succeed.Although it has a lower IMDb score I much preferred the 2011 Thor, a stronger storyline, darker and no laughing matter!
평점: 6	리뷰: Those words were uttered quite often by myself (also to myself) as I walked home from the theatres after watching Thor: The Dark World. The story makes little to no sense and incorporates all the tropes one would expect: the monster of the week (Dark Elves this time around, the Frost Giants seem to be a distant memory), some enemies become friends and Chris Hemsworth takes of his shirt.However, even though I've never been a fan of 'accepting something for what it is', that is exactly what this movie forces you to do. It doesn't attempt to make any sense, nor does it even slightly attempt to take itself seriously. I think the last time I laughed out loud so much during a movie was watching Forgetting Sarah Marshall, and that says a lot.This movie truly is a stellar example of an action comedy, but could benefit greatly from a slightly more coherent plot. All in all though - well worth the watch.
평점: 7	리뷰: Doesn't disappoint this film. Enjoyed the first film and this sequel was a good progression on the first. The lead actors fit well into their roles, and we are on another adventure that crosses the fantasy world with ours.Park your disbelief at home, and sit back as our intrepid hero tries to help his earthly girlfriend who happens to be possessed by some force whilst some fantasy elves fight to steal it.The returning Loki steals the film with the best lines and acting, but the others are more than capable in their roles. Action scenes are bold and fun without being over-long, and the settings are wonderful to view.Give it a try you'll much enjoy this second slice of Thor.
평점: 9	리뷰: Thor: The Dark World has great characters, special effects and decent plot lines but humor was the big winner and at the lead was Kat Dennings. There was drama, action and romance and life and death struggles but these were effectively offset by one-liners and situational comedy without being awkward or detracting. These combined elements made it an all round fun movie to see (in 3d, if you can). There was this wonderful battle between light and dark both in the sets and the characters. Marvel fans must see it but there is enough other enticements to drag along a non-Marvel friend or two. Female presence is strong with Rene Russo, Jaimie Alexander, Kat Dennings and of course Natalie Portman. I know it hasn't come out in the US and I don't want to spoil the fun. Heimdall is a wonderfully complex character even though he has only a fraction of the screen time. As in the first Thor, he is caught between his duty and the greater good. Idris Elba's portrayal of him is one of mystery and sage-like wisdom. Thor's world is rocked but how far? The ending leaves you wondering and hungry for a third.
평점: 7	리뷰: Let me just start this by saying that I was not expecting great things from this movie, but Marvel has done it right again and i believe that anyone who enjoyed the first movie will not be disappointed with this one. The special effects were really cool and the Asgard scenes were amazing in IMAX 3D. The return of Thor and Loki was by far better than I expected. Loki was really better than in "The Avengers", it was more funny and more enjoyable to watch. The only negative point in this movie is the villain (Malekith) which is like an accessory to the story. Marvel Cinematic Universe is getting better and I cannot wait for "Guardians of the Galaxy". Definitely a surprise, "Thor: The Dark World" is one of those rare cases where the sequel beats its predecessor.
평점: 9	리뷰: The film is exciting and has a perfect blend of reality and fantasy. The scenes transition perfectly. Although I am not quite convinced of Natalie Portman's character. She is quite a damsel here unlike in Star Wars.Next, I couldn't reconcile the fact that Zachary Levi plays Fandral this time around. Why couldn't they get this character right?The actor they choose for this role is either physically weak or incongruously unconvincing. The make-up is so superficial. Get a real buff blond for heaven's sake!
평점: 10	리뷰: Thor: The Dark World is a 2013 American superhero film featuring the Marvel Comics character - Thor who fights to restore order across the cosmos but an ancient race led by the vengeful Malekith returns to plunge the universe back into darkness. Faced with an enemy that even Odin and Asgard cannot withstand, Thor must embark on his most perilous and personal journey yet, one that will reunite him with Jane Foster and force him to sacrifice everything to save us all. It was really a great movie, thrilling, with humor, great visuals and highly recommended to watch not just by the marvel fans but definitely must watch by all. Chris Hemsworth as Thor was hotter, smarter and much powerful this time. I loved the brothers (Loki and Thor) fight side by side against the enemy, this was the best we've seen for Loki with his trickier acts. Marvel keeps delivering high level characters act which make us more excited on what to expect next.
평점: 10	리뷰: Thor 2 the dark world is an amazing film full of lots of unexpected scenes in it that i am going to let you find out for yourself. The film was casted extremely well as it is a sequel to Thor. Chris Hemsworth done an excellent job as usual fitting into his character. Tom Hiddleston who plays Loki was an extremely comedic actor in this film and i found that he was naturally funny with the script given and made it his own. Natalie Portman was not you're usual super hero girlfriend that continuously gets into trouble and screams at everything she sees instead she was a very perky character and brave she got her hands dirty helping Thor with his fight. I strongly recommend this film as it has some amazing graphics in.
평점: 8	리뷰: Thor: The Dark World is an ideal example of how a super-hero sequel should be done, it steps up the action, the emotions and the stakes.Thor 1 was a good super-hero film it was the minimum it should be but Dark World steps it up a notch it has an excellent story showing more of the Asguardian universe than ever before. It, like Iron Man 3(which i personally didn't like), shows the affects the Avengers had on the hero and their supporting characters.Now when I saw Loki in the trailer I thought that he wouldn't play any part at all in the story and he was only there to bank in on his likability but I was wrong he does belong in the film and wouldn't be right without him.I would recommend seeing this film massively to anybody who loves adventure (my second favorite Marvel film after the avengers)P.S Christopher Eccelston, yet again, makes an excellent villain.P.P.S If you do go and see it heads up there is 2 after credit sequences so make sure you sit through ALL of it
평점: 8	리뷰: Marvel are everywhere at the moment. In the past two-and-a-half years we've had 'Thor', 'X-Men: First Class', 'Captain America: The First Avenger', 'The Avengers', 'The Amazing Spiderman', 'Iron Man 3', 'The Wolverine' and now, 'Thor: The Dark World'. There are also four more Marvel movies to follow next year – 'Captain America: The Winter Soldier', 'The Amazing Spiderman 2', 'X-Men: Days of Future Past' and 'Guardians of the Galaxy'. This could seem like overkill, except all of the aforementioned movies already released have been good and some great. Which now brings us to Thor's third big screen outing – how does it compare to slew of Marvel movies around today? Very favourably.Following the chaotic events that rocked New York in 'The Avengers', Thor (Chris Hemsworth) and Loki (Tom Hiddleston) are back in Asgard, with the latter being imprisoned for his crimes. The Nine Realms appear to be in order, but an ancient race is on a vengeful path – The Dark Elves, led by the villainous Malekith (Christopher Eccleston). Upon discovering a portal between Asgard and Earth, scientist Jane Foster (Natalie Portman) accidentally reawakens them and they set their sights on Thor's homeworld.In stark contrasts to the recent DC films (except 'Green Lantern', but let's forget that ever happened), Marvel Studios' movies are unadulterated fun. 'Iron Man 3' and 'The Avengers' set the bar high for the level of sheer fun and Thor's latest continues along this path. It's also leaner than every other recent action blockbuster and all the better for it, as e.g. by the time the 30 minute climactic battle in 'Man of Steel' begins, the end credits start rolling on 'Thor: The Dark World'. Additionally, the action sequences are terrific and exhilarating, while the comedy is properly funny and occasionally hilarious. There's also an unexpected cameo from a Marvel regular that is one of the most joyous things I've seen all year. Alan Taylor uses his experience from the brilliant 'Game of Thrones' to great effect when approaching the fantasy worlds. As per usual, Tom Hiddleston is a delight to watch, lighting up the screen whenever he appears, while Hemsworth is efficient and the rest of the cast are solid. There are flaws – one or two plot strands disappear and some roles are underwritten. However, 'Thor: The Dark World' may not be a profound classic, but it is gloriously entertaining from start to finish and a very worthy addition to the ever-expanding Marvel canon. Also, make sure to stay for the entire ends credits, as we got, not one, but two post-credit sequences, which I won't spoil, but I will say that one of them offers an excitingly weird glimpse into a future Marvel movie.
평점: 3	리뷰: Following on from the events of the Avengers movie, Thor is back in Asgard, delivering Loki, who is damned to spend an eternity in the Asgardian dungeons.Jane is in London, still pining for the titular character, as she hasn't seen him for two years, but still holding out for him.But there is a new threat from the dark elves. They seek an elixir type essence that will cause darkness amongst the nine realms.Jane however has found a portal into one of the realms, and gets infected by the essence. Because the dark elves can trace this source, Thor rescues her and takes her back to Asgard, much to Odins dismay.But the elves plan an attack on Asgard, and after many lives are lost, Thor realises that only one person can help him, and he's damned for the rest of his life....The first movie was wonderful. Not only was it exciting and refreshing, but it was one of the funniest Marvel movies released yet. This however takes a huge step back, and really taints phase two of the Marvel releases.Hemsworth is as good as ever, as is Hiddleston, but apart from Portman, it appears that the rest of the cast have been sidelined, so Thor and Loki can carry on their war of nerves.It's also very convoluted, narrative is lost as there is so much going on, and by the end of it all, you wondered what on earth went on, an also what happened to a few of the characters, there are plot holes aplenty.The humour what was wonderful in the first movie, feels really forced in this, and instead of causing unexpected laughter, had me rolling my eyes as to how silly it felt. Dennings is a thorn in the movies side, she is a parody of her character from the first, and ruins every scene she is in.The best joke in the film, which was in the trailer, steals from Raiders of the Lost Ark anyway.Visuals are bland and boring, and Asgard feels like something from The Phantom Menace, combined with Flash Gordon, and the rest of the realms could have come from any Lord Of The Rings movie.Its a shame, because Marvel know they have a winning formula, but here it feels like they are just in it for the money, and all the cool references and a brilliant cameo, cannot save such a disappointment.Many will call it Thor-some and other play on word praises.But for me, and I really hate saying this because Hemsworth is really good, it's pretty Thor-ful.
평점: 7	리뷰: Saw this last night and really enjoyed it, and here are 4 reasons why:1) Asgard didn't look as plasticy this time which was something that bugged me in the first movie. 2) Hemsworth seemed more comfortable in the role. He got the balance about right I thought - although possibly a little soft and not berserker enough.3) Loki stood out for me as well played character. Subtle and solid. 4) Humour was well placed and a fun watch. Sometimes the one liners felt like one liners (didn't always mesh well with what was happening... but were still usually funny.Much stronger effort than the first Thor movie and one I will watch again. As usual stay until the end of the credits.
평점: 9	리뷰: If you thought that avengers was good, you will be pleasantly surprised with Thor:the dark world. This movie plays tricks that the first set of marvel movies never did. This takes brave steps that change Thor's life and makes you wonder through the rest of the movie what more steps are made. The villain, although very distant to the characters and not as personal as Loki is, Christopher Ecclestone is still a brilliant actor and has a very evil vibe when he plays the role of the evil Dark Elf leader. Overall this is a masterpiece for marvel as I have seen marvel's movies as nothing special until now(accept for iron man). So I recommend watching Thor: The Dark World as it has an epic cliffhanger and gets you really excited for the next step in marvel's movie franchise.
평점: 8	리뷰: Thor: the dark world is far far far better than the first movie for me... and a greater adaptation than its predecessor.In the first movie, all i saw was a spoiled, arrogant, barbaric prince from a realm unknown to us earthlings. He did nothing but irritate me and wasted enough of my brain cells and time. :lBut, HEY!!!! in the second movie, oh my! there is substance in every speech that the characters give. My! My! Also, Thor is not a spoiled barbaric prince anymore. He uses his mind this time. There's also more depth between the interaction of him with his brother, loki. Though betrayal and hate separated them, i was astonished how they came to terms with their differences and emotions for their departed mother. As always, CGI is good. Better character development for the protagonists. The story have more substance and was more logical. humor decreased but rarity makes the humor funnier. lol i love loki's character more... :D tom hiddleston was perfect for that part. if it's so good.. why did i give an 8?I love christopher eccleston but i think his character, malekith was taken for granted by the writers so this movie can have a villain... it's like saying "oh well.. you're just gonna die in the end so i will not put much thought into your character" another reason was the questions that popped up in my mind... i thought they were going to hide the aether where no one can find it? they should've placed a guardian in that place if it's really dangerous. lol how lucky was jane that she's the one to find the hidden aether?
평점: 9	리뷰: Story plot was nothing original. The twists though were very interesting.The CGI was exceptional, great new idea for an intergalactic elvish bomb. The one that would suck you out of thin air and crushed you into a small ball into hell. Some sort of a black hole kinda thing, which disappear after erasing someone from the world.The acting was great, though the human team looked like they were acting for TV shows instead for a movie. But maybe that was what the director intended. Light and entertaining. Especially Darcy and the new intern's interaction, also the newly-turned-crazy Sweden scientist.Portman was as beautiful as ever, but that was all from her performance.Rene Russo was more impressive, an eloquent fighter queen, one that was too fine to watch.The directing though, with the connection between worlds idea, showed how oh-so-Godly the director was.Totally unpredictable. That was how Alan Taylor's imagination was not making sense as ever, yeah, the good guys shall win in the end. How ever too-lucky-to-be-real the process was.The Asgardian team was not exploited as much as in the first Thor, for which I exhaled in relief. I didn't like them being the centre of the story too much. Those characters as a group weren't as interesting as Odin versus Malekith dialogues.The tricks and treats, that was how good I felt the directing and editing was. I felt tricked yet as good as getting a treat. Some of your predictions weren't always turned out right.Go watch it! They said the 3D was showing a great effect as well!
평점: 5	리뷰: The first Thor was probably one of Marvel's more trickier movies since it centered heavily around Norse mythology. To make it work in the "real" world was a massive task. Integrating a billionaire playboy who doubles as a tech-powered superhero, or a scientist who turns into a green rage monster was easier to accomplish than the fantastic world of Asgard, Gods & Monsters.Credit must go to Kenneth Brannagh who found the right balance between the fantastic and "real" (that's a stretch anyways) world. Furthermore, Brannagh focused on the characters instead of bombastic vfx (he still provided tons of beautiful shot visuals though).His replacement Alan Taylor however goes in the opposite direction and favors stylish visuals over character development. Worse still, the pacing and tone are all over the place.The Dark World tries to hard to provide the same brand of humor Joss Whedon is known for but fails to deliver the laughs, or they are rather misplaced.Bottom line: It's a too unfocused movie that suffers from a weak script and a director who tries too many things at the same time.
평점: 5	리뷰: As much as the action is intense and the special effects are stunning, the film - in my opinion - was ironically rather dull. There where a few things that made me lose concentration and interest in the film. For example in the middle of a big destruction filled scene, they try to make you laugh. Why? the whole purpose of an action scene is to become fixated on the screen, to hold your breath while chaos ensues. Not to make you laugh. But OK, the action scene resumes and it build and builds and then....yes they try to make you laugh again. And why? Well because when you strip back everything; when you retract the unnecessary comedy; when you holster the money making action scenes; the story is dull. So, they inject a lethal dose of comedy and romance to try and distract you. And hey, there's nothing wrong with adding comedy to give a more varied experience for the viewer, but doing it in the midst of a Malekith (the so called villain of the film; played admirably by Christopher Eccleston) attack is preposterous; all it does is undermine the fear factor that the villain is supposed to carry; he may as well have been wearing a t shirt saying "i have no chance". And it was constant; no real focus on the villain, just little bits here and there. Him and his cronies may as well have been at Santa's workshop preparing for Christmas.Let's build a "monster" of a villain and laugh him to death. The World's seemingly beginning it's end and unless you are a scientist you are running for your life. That's basically the story of the film, with also too much happening in it. In order for a superhero film to succeed it has to focus; although profits would disagree with me. But it is because of the special effects that people empty their pockets, to be in the cinema and hear the roar of Thor's hammer, the rumble of explosions. Not the story. Look at Batman's latest outing, three films focusing on the darker side of a superhero; it was simple, the villains where built to be feared. It stayed on track, and apart from one or two one liners in each film, there wasn't any need for comedy because the story was so good. Thor, like Iron Man, Like Avengers will always make money,they will always be blockbusters. But they are not solely superhero films, there is always another character who is just as important as the hero and that should not be the case; unless of course it is the villain and in this film there is no sign of that. The villain is vanilla and when you don't have a great villain, then the hero cannot reach greatness. Action was amazing but everything else was uninspiring.
평점: 8	리뷰: Before going to the theater, I expected this to be a great entertaining movie not necessarily better than the first thor, but an entertaining blockbuster, and it was still much better than what I expected! I had a blast ! The action were very entertaining, the universe that the director has made were beautiful. It was also really funny (though some jokes just seem too forced), and the script was also well written. The first 60 minutes was a great build up, and the next 60 minutes were just better, in other words this movie was entertaining from start to finish. This movie's surely on par with Iron Man and even The Avengers (not necessarily better), and without a doubt better than the first Thor. This movie had a lot of flaws, but it doesn't matter since it's so entertaining. It might just be the best superhero movie of the year (though I really liked man of steel).If u either like action movies or superhero movies, you must definitely watch the film. Some people might not like this film because they mostly don't really follow about what's going on or what's happening in the asgard world, if u are one of these people, do yourself a favor and watch this movie for a 2nd time!! It would be much much better if u really know what's going on since the start.
평점: 7	리뷰: Don't really know what to say. I went in with great expectations and around half way in, the movie exceeded all of them. But at the end I felt like something big was missing. The movie starts of quite dull and boring. And around half way out really picks up but the end again wasn't as good as I wanted. The villain is also rubbish. I am a massive superhero fan. But Thor 2 wasn't that great. Loki was the only character that was actually interesting and hilarious. There was some good action sequences but I wont ruin anything. So go and watch the movie but don't expect something amazing it was like the amazing Spider-Man all over again (but not as bad)
평점: 5	리뷰: I don't know, everybody seems to like this outing, so maybe I just wasn't in the right mood for it.But from the beginning, I felt the movie was trying too hard to impress, like someone had this idea: "Hey, Lord of the Rings is awesome, so let's put some elves and other fantasy creatures on this, and while we are at it, you know that cool sound effect of the light sabers from Star Wars? Let's add this too! After all, we have Princess Amidala in our cast! Oh, wait! I saw this movie the other day, 'Star Trek: Into Darkness' and it was f*ing a-m-a-z-i-n-g! What about having Loki resemble Khan, and we could also borrow from the title too, let's call this sequel 'Dark' something... let me see... Oh, I got it! Dark World!" I could go on and cite moments that reminded me of John Carter, King Kong, X-Men and so forth...Don't get me wrong, the movie is not bad, but at least to me, it felt too much like a 'montage' from other movies.I liked the first one very much, so maybe my expectations were too high. I'd still recommend it though.
평점: 6	리뷰: I am a big fan of Marvel movies and this was indeed a visual feast. However, it seemed like I was watching a Star Trek movie as the Dark Elves look like a Stark Trek character and they do come with space ships. The plot was to complicated (a bit like Stark Trek movies) for the ordinary person and failed to wrap the viewer in the movie like we were in the Avengers and Iron Man. It did entertained us Marvel fan but not my wife who was looking at the watch 30minutes into the movie (though she did like the avengers). I mean, Superman is a difficult character to bring down to earth and humanize but the last movie accomplished just that, shame they couldn't do the same for this sci-fi Thor movie. Looking forward to the more down to earth, Captain American Winter Soldier and X-Men.
평점: 10	리뷰: For me, between the avengers super heroes, Thor is the least interesting than the others. I think that the first thor movie is not that great, so I came to the theater with no high expectation. But this movie is actually awesome. The story is great, the duration's not too long, nor too short, it's enough. The casts are great. Chris played thor well. He showed the emotion, but still can keep his arrogance. The effect is amazing. I watched it in 2D (because for me, 3D just ruin the story), but I can still feel the effect. There are some little joke that actually made this movie better. The audiences cant stop laughing during the movie. So for conclusion, this movie is great, I think its better than the previous one.
평점: 8	리뷰: I am usually not a fan of the superhero genre. However, I did watch most of the recent superhero films due to my sister being a huge fan of them. I'm usually unimpressed with superhero movies, even with the successful Avengers and the Batman trilogy. It is a massive challenge to create an entertaining storyline in a film that everybody knows the hero is going to win in the end. Recent superhero films (especially Man of Steel) failed at this and I was prepared to face disappointment upon stepping into the cinema hall.Thor The Dark World was one that I can honestly say was entertaining. Surprisingly. I think I was generally happy with it because of the realism of the conflict that they face. In the Avengers, when alien beings attacked earth, humans on earth somehow decides to do almost nothing. No appropriate military action by earth's governments. It's the same with Iron Man 3, US military did nothing when the president was captured.In Thor The Dark World, the threat was at Asgard. The whole of Asgard was ready to go to war. Due to the effects of the alignment of the Nine Realms, portals between worlds were opened but as it all happened too sudden, nobody from other realms was able to react on it. This is more believable than the Avengers' situation (where Loki was on Earth for a long period of time and Shield knew he was up to something having stolen the Tesseract yet no military action were taken when the aliens attacked).You still have to ignore some plot holes and ridiculous logics (like why Asgardians still fight with swords and shields when their enemy who were in suspended animation for the last 5000 years had laser guns) but it was still very entertaining for a superhero film. The development of the main characters were done satisfyingly. Thor, who were a rash, short-tempered Asgardian prince with a thirst for war, is now more mature and sensible in making decisions. We also saw the other side of Loki despite his continuous mischiefs.The balance of action, humour and "superhero realism" makes it fun to watch. It's not overly complicated but it's also not too dumb or predictable. Overall I'm quite happy with this film and I would recommend it to anyone who is starting to lose faith in the superhero genre.
평점: 8	리뷰: Thor: The Dark World properly continues the story after The Avengers (sorry, Iron Man 3) and Thor. It retains the things that I liked about the first installment without repeating them. The plot moves fast and it's intense. Things never gets too grim and has a genuine sense of adventure and awe. Dry witty humor is used again effectively to balance out the ridiculousness of Norse gods walking amongst humans. The fights look tough and grueling, more so than in The Avengers. Partly because everybody's physically melee fighting and the Dark Elves are actually physically challenging to Thor and the Asgardians.The Nine Realms are explored more thoroughly and the audience gets to spend more time on Asgard, which is a much more interesting place to be than Earth. The designs and world creation are impressive, particularly in the disaster sequences. It shows how brilliant an idea it was in the first film to imply that magic is unexplainable science, thereby combining and justifying both.Chris Hemsworth owns the role of Thor with his presence. Thor is a character whose depths are only shown when interacting with other characters, which is that served as a disadvantage in The Avengers. In his own movie, there's an immense cast to give him that depth. I liked his arc in this story. Natalie Portman gets to be the fish out of water this time around and it's an entertaining reversal.Tom Hiddleston again oozes charm as Loki. It's a great actor relishing a great part. He plays the audience like an instrument as we intermittently love and hate him. The writers put a lot of work in designing the twists and turns in Loki's infinite mind games, truly earning the character the title of "God of Mischief". Loki fooled me again and again throughout and I kept wanting to trust him.The Warriors Three gets wrecked a bit. It seemed like there was some scheduling problem in which Tabanobu Asano's Hogun had to be reduced. Also, I prefer the Joshua Dallas as Fandral, who had to be replaced by Zachary Levi from Chuck. Levi by comparison seems to struggle channeling Errol Flynn. Both cases are unfortunate.The new villain Malekith played by Christopher Eccleston is buried under a lot of Dark Elf make-up and speaking an alien language in his own scenes, which removes any chance of proper scenery chewing. His presence as a villain is ultimately functional on par with Hugo Weaving's Red Skull. Malekith exists for the main characters to grow and there's nothing wrong with that. In fact, it is noteworthy. Marvel seems to be ensuring that their villains never are more interesting than their heroes. The heart of the story is still the central relationship between Thor and Loki. In fact, it's probably the most interesting relationship in the current Marvel cinematic universe. Director Alan Taylor knows this and competently moves their story forward.The numerous Stan Lee cameos is starting to get creepy because it means there are a growing amount of Stan Lee lookalike clones in the Marvel Cinematic Universe. And is it me or has Anthony Hopkins been playing the majority of his roles like a Norse god all this time? I am just kidding.Depending where Captain America: Winter Soldier goes with Captain America's story, I wonder how many more solo movies Marvel actually needs to plan out. It doesn't look like they're planning any solo Hulk films and Iron Man seems to be up in the air right now. Who knows how Guardians of the Galaxy is going to turn out. But they can really just start doing more Avengers movies at this point. That said, I do want to see what happens with Thor and Loki in a third installment. Actually, a third Thor is very necessary.For more reviews, please visit my film blog @ http://hkauteur.wordpress.com
평점: 6	리뷰: i don't generally mind silly clichéd stories and try to ignore them, but gave up and went to the cinema mostly to see some fancy FX. there were some, and some more and then even more - pretty much apart from the shallow story, it is no wonder that the visual effects make this movie, but then there was the astonishing surprisingly good humor! i guess it's the weather in London that helped inspire some crazy little jokes that simply saved the movie.you wouldn't expect that a heroic fantasy movie would be saved by jokes, but here it is, so many little moments that were delightful and helped forget the rest of the nonsense.this and Tom Hiddleston who is the superstar in this episode of Thor, he is incredible and hopefully will be given even more space in another followup. it was he who helped sustain some kind of a story throughout the hollow graphic scenes - what an excellent actor! apparently marvel have realized that the universe of the avengers is what keeps people going to the theaters, so it was really nice to have scenes with ties with the other superheroes, and even continuity with the Avengers movie. i wonder what Disney will do with the star wars franchise, kinda scary that the cashflow is guaranteed with only a mention of some of the iconic characters there...anyway...Thor...quite fun(ny). i wonder how the first episode actually did in box office, but might be there will be need for a new superhero movie soon. because a super hero movie cannot be sustained by jokes only... the original batman somewhat proved it - it was the Dark Knight that made me really consider this a great story.so...Thor...well... :)
평점: 9	리뷰: Let's start by saying that I'm a big Marvel fan and I'm loving what they are doing with this film series. Having said that, the first Thor film was a little 'meh'. I'm glad to say this one improves on it in every possible sense. It starts off slow but builds into an engaging and thoroughly enjoyable story.The story is pretty good for a film that makes no logical sense, the characters are well-developed, the action is excellent, the script is good and the jokes are amusing throughout. There is less overacting and the overly Shakespearian language has been toned down a bit, but still present as it should be. And I'm glad to say that there is only one moment for girls to swoon over a shirtless Chris Hemsworth.The CGI and effects were excellent but, for an effects-driven film, they were almost overshadowed by the quiet intense moments between Loki, Odin and Thor. The acting was solid throughout from pretty much every cast member, Hemsworth doing a good job as the hero, Tom Hiddleston and Anthony Hopkins with solid performances and Ecclestone excellent as the menacing villain, even if his motivations and plan don't make much sense. The most surprising thing about this film was its successful attempts to be funny. It could almost be called an action-comedy, with many laugh- out-loud moments. A film that is fairly dark, hence the title, but still doesn't take itself too seriously. There are missteps; I might be the only one who didn't realise that Charing Cross isn't 3 stops from Greenwich, and frankly I didn't care, it was still an amusing sceneThe film itself is littered with Easter eggs and references to other Marvel characters and films, which make it very enjoyable for fans of the comics. The best part of this film was the ending, with a few huge reveals, teases and WTF moments for anyone with knowledge of the comic books. This is simply a well-made superhero film, possibly one of the best ever. Certainly one of the best films of this year.
평점: 9	리뷰: Better than the first film in my opinion and simply a great sequel. The stakes were higher. The characters were mostly brilliant though I felt Malekith could have been developed slightly more. Loki was simply wonder and maybe the class of the entire effort. I loved the plot and the balance of action and story. That's where this film excels over the original. There's heart and humor but far better action and far more dire consequences.Honestly, If you're going to turn a comic book into a movie, do it with utter belief in your story and do it with the best talent and FX possible. That's why Marvel movies do so well and why they need to get ALL their properties back under their roof. We'd all love to see the Marvel Universe united if it's all to be done this well. Not looking ahead, just enjoy this movie for the wonderful spectacle and story that it delivers.

영화제목: The Revenant
평점: 10	리뷰: Alejandro González Iñárritu's masterpiece. a tour de force, if I've ever seen one. from the amazing opening shot, this movie immediately hooks you. the movie is a brutal depiction of man against the wild. a survivalist story that can sometimes be difficult to watch or even stomach, as some of the scenes can be quite gruesome. the performances of Leonardo DiCaprio and Tom Hardy are spectacular. Leonardo, who doesn't speak much threw out the movie, depicts Hugh Glass's pain and suffering with the skill of a true thespian grand master. Tom Hardy is chameleon. he is able to lose himself in a character in such a way that unless you know it's him acting the part, most people would never know it was him. all in all this was a great story. just prepare to lose yourself for about two and half hours. I assure you, it will be well worth the time.
평점: 6	리뷰: With the Revenant you will join a group of world class actors and the rising stars on a cold, wet and bloody journey through natural lighted mountains, forest and swamps.(small 1st plot point spoilers possible)It's a simple story of a 'Dances of the Wolves' like man who lived among the "savages" and is showing the arrogant whites a save passage through enemy territory. It's a story of a man who's lost everything but his son, which he had with a beautiful Indian woman. A clearly ambitious Patrokles-like son, who is forced to keep his mouth shut in order to survive the hate of the whites. When the man loses his son, the problems begins - plot-wise. Since he's lost his only emotional connection, we don't get very much to know his character in later scenes anymore. And a death of a loved one might shock us for a moment, but as the character and as with every film and it's duration, we carry on. What can you offer me next?Unfortunately even the beautifully conceived wide angle mood shots can't pick up the slack. All acquaintances are short. It clearly overkills the dark, noirish conception of the character. Now I have no clue about the original source of material but a reinterpretation of it would have been good - something like a companion, or even an animal. Think of Dances with the Wolves and how the death of the wolve grabbed our emotional attention, after we've learned how the friendship was build. Another appropriate example might be Nicholas Wending Refn's Valhalla Rising. There again we have a buddy-movie like plot device - the boy, with whom the nameless fighter can connect and defend, which makes him at least more of a three dimensional, human killing machine. The revenant is plot driven, which is such a missed opportunity, because we actually are interested and care for the main character, but are left unsatisfied, and I mean not in a cliffhanger way of unsatisfied. Mr. Iñárritu co-wrote the script with Mark L. Smith. Now I'm sure that there is a clear set of symbolism which might illustrate certain inner thoughts etc., but this should'nt have been conceived as an art housian film. It should have been written with clear cinematic language, with iconic symbols, with more emotion, rather than too much of the ultra realistic gore. Yes, animals died for this movie and it's absolutely justified in order to depict the survival in nature. Take it or leave it, but your chicken did not die of stroking. I picture a lot of fun and work in the production design process, but as so often today, the script wasn't ready yet and no one cared, because great actors signed in already. The script heavily relied on Hemingway's iceberg principle. Show the tip of the iceberg, the rest is imagination. Well, in this case the polished mood pictures just weren't sufficient for me. Seeing all the twitter reviews about the bad pacing only proofs my point. As film lovers we all know that film is never about the real-time, it's about emotional-time. Scarface is a near 3 hour epic but for us it feels like a short drug intoxication. Why? Because we don't feel the grass growing, but rather a light-speed trip to mars. To close with a Oscar prediction: Sorry Leo, it ain't work this time. You gave a marvellous performance. You swallowed so much dirt, only Christian Bale can beat you with that. But your character lacked the emotional dept an audience needs that in order to be behind you. No Sir, it was not your preparation, not your dramatic art. Through the setting you were forced to suffer, but any actor in this role would have, so what was there to stand out? Unfortunately the soucre material did not allow you to go in for more.
평점: 6	리뷰: The stars of the movie is the scenery and the cinematography (even though I'd never want to go to any of those sites). It was beautiful in a way 'Dr Zhivago' was but the Russian epic had other things going for it too.The story was 'Tarantiono does Grisley Adams'. The violent opening scene is an echo of the starting scenes to 'Saving Private Ryan' - shocking violence, retelling what were once portrayed as bloodless. While this was an action movie it was no thriller. Knowing the running time and that some of the main characters had to die, was my guide but I wasn't invested in the outcome. The end came as a welcome relief and if they are editing for a shorter version - less DiCaprio would be my preference.The bears were beautiful and almost too believable with every hair distinguishable. I confess, I was rooting for the bear! Right was certainly on her side.Tom Hardy has had a hell of a few years from 'Loche', 'Peaky Blinders' and 'Legend'. He was easy to watch because his character clearly didn't give a '*&%$'.D Gleeson was almost unrecognizable in 'Star Wars Ep VII' and is the new hope for gingers everywhere.Some people think the movie will have trouble making back the budget because the handsome stars keep their clothes on but in fairness, depressing doesn't sell. Look at 'The Road'! I say - imagine it without the woeful drama and just enjoy the majesty on the big screenFor those of us who don't lead a charmed life like DiCaprio, we don't need to pay 6 -10 for another 3 hours of it. That's why Christmas is so popular - its an invitation to be happy.
평점: 10	리뷰: The terms "immersive" and "visceral" are often loosely used, but THE REVENANT has taken strong ownership of them, and all it takes is director Alejandro Gonzalez Inarritu's sharp and creative directing and maestro cinematographer Emmanuel Lubezki's distinctive camera style and seamless edits that take us through the landscape, up close and personal. THE REVENANT is one of those films that will be talked about for generations to come, whether it be at a film school among students and experts or at a coffee shop among aficionados who've just seen one of the most incredible films ever.The character Hugh Glass is a legend when it comes to the history of the frontier, these are the times before the things we often associate with wild wild west. Writer/director Alejandro Gonzalez Inarritu and co-scribe Mark L. Smith take source from Michael Punke's novel but they put a fictional twist of their own on this actual historical character, played in the film by the great Leonardo DiCaprio. In this film, Hugh Glass has a mixed race son because he was once had native-American wife, Glass and his son join fur-trapping business that got attacked by the natives, one of the people in their expedition is John Fitzgerald, played by Tom Hardy. One day, Glass gets mauled by a bear and left for dead by his team members. Fitzgerald is one of the three staying behind to care for Glass and to give him a proper burial should he passes. But Fitzgerald kills Glass' son and takes off instead, an event which then motivates Glass to survive in his relentless pursuit of revenge.Whether it be interior like "Birdman" or outdoors like "The Revenant," Alejandro Gonzalez Inarritu is a director who's committed to taking the audience to fully experience because he understands the wide range and the scale and he also fully understands the stories of these characters and he smartly conveys them to you. Yes, it's a primal existential survival story, yes it's also a revenge and redemption story, yes it's also father and son story, but the way Alejandro films it, the way he tells it, makes THE REVENANT more nuanced than that. And just like how this film manages to transport you to a land and time that's rarely tackled in cinema, it also successfully transports visual spectacle to a new height that's never before seen nor felt. The sequence in which Leonardo DiCaprio's Hugh Glass gets mauled by a bear, for example, it's as if you could feel Glass and the bear's breath. This is also why Lubezki is one of the greatest of all-time because his cinematography aims to make you feel like you're present there, you see the angles, the edges of the screen, everything about it is very welcoming, very inclusive.This is Leonardo DiCaprio's best performance yet, one of the things that makes him a great actor is that he's clever in his rhythmical movement and facial expressions, he's on point, he knows how to make a scene more emotional or more intense, this is an actor who gives his all for his characters, and you see that dedication once again in THE REVENANT, working in toughest most uncomfortable conditions, he even strips down naked, Leo's devotion to this character, Hugh Glass, is admirable. Tom Hardy also gives an equally outstanding performance as the villain, Fitzgerald, who's only looking out for number one, what matters to Fitzgerald are himself and his ambitions, he doesn't have a problem with kicking integrity or honor to the curb if need be. And so when Hugh Glass ultimately gets in the way, it's kill or be killed mode for Fitzgerald and Hardy, with his sturdy intimidating stature, accomplishes that.THE REVENANT is a beautifully shot film, much of it will remind you of the works of writer/director Terrence Malick, whom Emmanuel Lubezki collaborated with several times including "The New World." There's something majestic, something grand about THE REVENANT and at the same time, there's also something inspiring and hopeful about it. THE REVENANT is a work of art, a masterpiece.
평점: 7	리뷰: My popcorn tin was heavier when I binned it than when I collected it. Why did I throw up when watching The Revenant? There isn't that much gore to speak of.. What's worth a loud unflattering speech is the wooden spoon of pseudo-philosophical pretensions AG Iñárritu gags the audience with for 2 hours and 26 minutes. I sat with that warm tin on my lap even through the 10 minute credits, contemplating.Consider that Glass' chief motivation for returning from the grave (gravely wounded really) is his love for his Pawnee son, with whom the only memorable scene shared is patting him down from an outburst against Fitzgerald's (Hardy) ferociously racist taunts. He only becomes that much close to him after Fitzgerald coats his rusty knife with the teenager's gastric juice, in a powerfully screamed-out scene.Consider how much running time we spend watching Glass wander wistfully into the afterlife, despite knowing full well he'll overcome his bear wounds for a showdown or the film wouldn't be funded. He eavesdrops on whispers by his murdered wife's wraith, only to wake up and cauterize his torn-open neck with gunpowder; Iñárritu wants to both have his bison liver and eat it. How much can you cheat the narrative? Most redundant of its sophistry is the Darwinian symbolism, as Glass evolves from being bruised and buried, to a crawling creature, to a one-legged limper, to a biped man to a horseback riding gunfighter... In Alfonso Cuarón's Gravity, evolutionary symbolism at the end served a purpose of literalizing how survival is a prerequisite for evolution; we wouldn't be writing reviews on IMDb if Neanderthals hadn't scrambled Mousterian tools 300,000 years ago. Here, Glass gets wounded and persists only to become the same man again.... not even a wiser fellow.Above everything, the over-ballyhooed bear attack is dampeningly underwhelming. Not-to-spoil anything, but you remember it, how you give a cat a bowl of milk, the bowl gets swirled around a bit with only a few licks of milk spilling over the edges.. Yeah. Oh, it's not even all in one long continuous take as it's been touted to be, there's a very visible cut soon after Glass arms himself with a knife. What it isn't is even 1/10th as visceral as the jaguar-mauling from Mel Gibson's Apocalypto. What it is is ten times more pointlessly protracted and thusly expensive.On the other hand, The Revenant is filmed with such hypnotic beauty. Lubezki's camera floats around inordinately, (pans more than it tracks) and he seems to find heavenly imagery in every 360° plane. Nature has never looked better in a Hollywood production. There's a grim fairytale (& Ron Fricke-esque) edge to the proceedings. The wide-screen frames are filled with towering forestry, snowmelt and dew drops dripping off the damp lushly colored leaves in close-up. Negatively charged oxygen reaches for your lungs off the screen. When the film slackens to luxuriate in wonder, never is it boring; it's only catching its breath.The editing is often fabulous. From flame-to-flame match cuts in the snow, and most memorably, Glass' labored breath fogs the lens, dissolves into clouds floating in the mountain ranges which are then viciously consumed by Fitzgerald's pipe smoke.But Ho! there... characters' lives are risked for this virtuosity. There's a scene in which Jim Bridger, the story's most conflicted entity, when finding their way to camp with Fitzgerald, happens upon a massacred Native village, huts still smoking. Him and us, (but not Fitzgerald) see a surviving lady, for whom Bridger leaves a parcel whose contents neither we nor her know to be; she's seen Fitzgerald stomp around and cuss, she's surmised his inclination towards violence. She has to choose between 1) staying safely alive by hiding a little longer, or 2) bowing to the logistical limitation of Iñárritu needing to pan around, show her to the audience discovering bread in the parcel and pinching off mouthfuls, then urgently cut to the next scene. Does she play it safe? Not if The Revenant is going to strike a balance between manipulative and masterful.Still, despite the objectionable, emetic and offensively on-the-nose endeavour, Iñárritu deserves an Oscar again, if only for the scene in which Glass eviscerates a dead horse he's ridden off a cliff, and the camera smoothly sails around from the horse's back as its viscera are scooped out, travels in a long take, timed to the action, to find Glass snuggling into its steaming 'womb' then conclude with a close-up of his face. Wow!! (No matter how many takes and fired crew members it took)The most human performance is by Tom Hardy as John Fitzgerald, consistently flawed and gleaming with gallows humor. Don't be surprised if during the final snowy showdown, you're rooting for him to cut down pretentious.DiCaprio, well, he..... works the hardest. You know that clip they play at the Oscars, your most electrifying moment during a performance, DiCaprio's here is effectively a grisly series of those. My two favorite are him trying-to-not-blink to save his life, and him crawling out of a shallow snow grave, and mortared between his teeth, equal parts spit and grit. Despite my reservations, I'll cheer a lung out for either clip.You can almost hear the voices in his head (his Birdman?) yell in Calvin Candie rhetoric; "Eddie Redmayne, that new kid, he gimped hisself out last yur, won that Oscar for it.. What are you gonna do, Huh!?!"Such a troubled production, he ate real raw bison liver, yet still he required 5 stunt doubles and 3 photo doubles... that there is a metaphor for the whole movie.While the film is never boring, calling it entertaining would be flattering it. No exhilaration derives from watching a man ride a horse off a cliff; the experience is very akin to staring into an open wound, waiting patiently for it to a cicatrize into a scar. 7/10.
평점: 8	리뷰: The Revenant is one of the most beautifully shot movies I have ever seen. The opening scene alone will make you wonder how the hell they did this. There are so many creative shots with sweeping camera angles and beautiful vistas. For that alone I'd recommend seeing it.As the story goes, its based on true event. The real story of Hugh Glass is an incredible story about the will to survive and the need for revenge. The Revenant portrays that very well. At times it's brutal, savage, and unforgiving, like what frontier life was probably like in the early 19th century.The acting is all well done, from Dicaprio as the lead to Hardy as the villain; they were all convincing. The only knock I have about this movie is the pacing and length. I knew going in being familiar with the story that there were going to be slow parts, a wounded man clinging to life and traveling through the wilderness was bound to have slow parts.Visually alone, I think most cinemaphiles will have a lot to like about this movie as well for people who are interested in the the time period. This film is certainly well made and the fact that they used only natural lighting adds to the already impressive production values.
평점: 2	리뷰: The upsides to revenant --Lots of gritty action --Decent special effects --Good acting --Good cinematography --Good costumes--Downside, the entire script is based on knowing an audience's attention span is 15 minutes, make the story mesh for 15 minutes, and then you can start over from scratch, as long as you keep them engrossed in the action--The Pawnee, a Midwest tribe in Nebraska, ending up in the mountain ranges of British Columbia is ridiculous. --The French traders are making a living trading fur with the Indians, but they kidnap a Pawnee Indian girl from one of the tribes they trade with and serial rape her, and kill a stray Pawnee Indian they come across (the french can verbally communicate with the Pawnee) and hang a sign on his body written in french (the Pawnee speak french), the whole thing was done to create an additional antagonist, Hollywood style. The reality is, people (even evil French), would never jeopardize their business and lives in this fashion. --Our protagonist gets cold and manages to generate a fire with a flint and black powder, all well and good. THEN our protagonist is caught up in a river that is below freezing, he goes over waterfalls, through raging rapids, finds a tree piece to cling to and after several more minutes lands safely on land. The life expectancy for someone with a ravaged sickly body in such water is under 15 minutes. Our hero climbs onto shore, the camera pans somewhere else, and comes back to out hero with a blazing fire. EVEN if the guy still had some black powder (which he doesn't, he left it behind), it would never be able to start a fire with wet powder.--Our hero comes upon the French and sorta saves the Pawnee Indian girl (in British Columbia), and takes a good ole black powder pistol, maybe its a flintlock, maybe. In any event, he takes the pistol, and some how manages to get off 3-4 shots with that one shot pistol, taking down Bad guys while riding a horse. Then later he gets set upon by a pack of Indians, and gets off a few more shots, taking out Indians while riding horse back, ladies and gentlemen, I give you the SEMI AUTOMATIC black powder pistol(Glass was bear mauled in the 1820s, so it was a semi automatic cap and ball pistol folks).--Now we come to the climax. The bad guy runs off with the company money and two guys go after him. This is WITH the knowledge that the guy has taken everyone's pay, is heavily armed and the country side is crawling with misplaced enraged Pawnee tribes. TWO guys go out to get the baddee. Not likely, in reality the fort would have sent as many people as it could spare.I'm not going to bother to elaborate about the real facts of the Glass bear attack; that there was no revenge factor after Glass was mauled by a bear. He had no children. That he was in fact mauled during summer. That the colleagues of Glass killed the she bear and nursed Glass back to health, somewhere in the sunny midwest (not BC in the winter). Finally, the movie does not say at the end that no animals were brought to harm, I know they used puppets and special effects in some cases for the animals, but if in fact animals were not brought to harm in the making of this movie, it WOULD say so in the credits. -IE, animals were killed in the making of this movie
평점: 6	리뷰: I was lucky enough to watch this movie early and saw it without the knowledge that it was from the same director as Gravity and Birdman.The movie was good until the horse jumped off the cliff and into the tree. Looking at the end result of that stunt the director completely lost me as viewer. All the gravity the heavy story had; became an absurdity, which is an incredible shame. That single scene should have been edited out, which would have saved the story, because everything what happened afterwards became an irritating show-off of special effects (like The Hobbit trilogy) and no longer the gritty film what it was.The special effects are indeed amazing and you are very often left wondering how they have pulled that off; especially the bear scene. However, special effects shouldn't dominate the movie and the story should always come first!At the final scene it suddenly struck me that this was a movie from Alejandro Gonzalez Innarito, because it was such a signature of his. It is too bad he got too cocky here, because Gravity and Birdman were both beautiful masterpieces. The Revenant in its current form is definitely not a masterpiece unfortunately. Less would have most certainly been more in this case and I can only hope they revise this movie before release, trimming some unnecessary scenes out...
평점: 1	리뷰: Yet another over the top movie with too many graphic effects and no substance. At the end of the movie, I just sat there wondering what the whole point of the movie was, because if I wanted to see raw violence, I would just go on the Ogrish website and watch the be-headings and other atrocities from ISIS.Perhaps it is this continuing pointless display of violence that causes the manifestation of all the violence in this world.For me, the movie went wrong as soon as the bear attack happened. Of course, only in Hollywood would it be possible to create an epic fight between a bear, four to five times the size of the pro/antagonist, yet with the bear still loosing the battle. What gives, though; as long as there is an epic CGI battle with blood splattering all over the screen, then the movie must be good.Truly disappointed in yet another Hollywood garbage movie that is meant to excite the Zombies here in America.
평점: 9	리뷰: The Revenant is Alejandro Iñàrritu's majestic revenge story set in the early 1800s that follows the larger than life true story of Hugh Glass (Leonardo DiCaprio) as he travels across old America in hopes of exacting revenge against the men that left him gravely wounded and his son dead. The revenge story line is the oldest in the book and, no matter how overplayed, evokes the most emotion especially when the players are right. DiCaprio, Tom Hardy and Will Poulter make for some pretty excellent players in Iñàrritu's more visual film and this allows audience members to connect with the film on a more accessible level rather than the cinephiles that this film was made for. Emanuel Lebezki has, yet again, outdone himself. The beauty in each frame is undeniable. The landscapes, the snow, the blood, the violence. No matter how harrowing a situation is, the film is still one of the most beautiful ever made and this is a testament to Lebezki and Iñàrritu. The patience they endured on set speaks volumes to the film that they made. The Revenant isn't fast paced, it isn't action packed, it is a story told through the eyes of a visionary and that may off put some people who are looking for a film like The Hunted or The Grey or any other man against wilderness film. The film is slow and takes it's time in giving the audience something they can sink their teeth into. Instead, they allow the audience to be submersed in this cold and desolate landscape, all while capturing the beauty of the American landscape. The battle scenes are epic. Mostly done through extended long takes, the film is a cinephile's dream. The camera movements, the tracking shots and that glorious bear attack are all beautifully done and shown in the most harrowing way possible. For a film to open with an over 10 minute long take of a battle nonetheless, it is truly captivating and awe inspiring to see filmmakers push themselves to their limits both physically and creatively. But as much as the filmmakers pushed themselves, so did the cast. Leonardo DiCaprio gives a brilliant performance as Hugh Glass. In films before, we've seen DiCaprio fake pain. In this film, you actually feel his pain. With every bite from a bear, every broken bone being reset, every wound being crudely stitched, his performance reeks of perfection and that is exactly what we get from him here. Tom Hardy as John Fitzgerald is a typical bad guy here, nothing more nothing less. He's good, he's not on the level of DiCaprio here though. The rest of the cast is amazing, as always with any Iñàrritu film. Overall, The Revenant is a brilliant film that isn't quite a masterpiece but has enough technical achievements within it to set it apart from any other film this year. I definitely recommend it.
평점: 9	리뷰: This movie was really good Leonardo DiCaprio did a really good acting it was really like a real scene was going on instead of a movie. It had some flaws like how could he survive bear attack and after that how can he survive the fall from the cliff but still it was a very good movie the direction was really amazing i mean like Alejandro did a great job every scar , every death , every place was captured in a really amazing manner .The story is very simple DiCaprio has his son killed by Tom Hardy and is left in a very bad shape and he recovers and takes his revenge but how he takes his revenge and his recovery (really i mean his recovery was very tragic) is just captured in a amazing way .This is a must watch ,this movie is a bit slow but it is worth it just go and see it.
평점: 1	리뷰: The movie is nothing more than a Hollywood ripoff. See "Man in the Wilderness". (1971). Starring Richard Harris and John Huston. This includes the bear attack and left for dead. An Absolute RIPOFF. Sorry this is a joke just like Leo for doing such a sham! The same can be said of Will Smith's I am Legend. A Hollywood Ripoff of the Omega Man. (1971). Starring Charlton Heston Anthony Zerbe. Right down to the zombies and his blood cure.When will Hollywood get through their heads that just changing the title and actors doesn't make this a different film. This is a ripoff of a classic film.Leo should be embarrassed!
평점: 10	리뷰: I had the opportunity to watch The Revenant at an early press screening yesterday, and what an exceptional movie this is!You are on the edge of your seat throughout the entire film, Lubezki's cinematography is out of this world and Leonardo DiCaprio's performance is absolutely riveting and Oscar-worthy. The naturalistic beauty of 17th century America that is visualized in this movie is beyond anything I've ever experienced in film.Hugh Glasses' story is a legendary one, and they couldn't have honored his legacy any better than this. Alejandro Iñárritu has outdone himself once again.
평점: 9	리뷰: Leonardo DiCaprio deserves an Oscar for his role in this movie. His part in this movie was very, very well played out, he made you feel that he was actually suffering from the pain that he received.Watching Leonardo go through things he did made you feel lucky that we don't need to live the way they did back then and fear that any moment, your life could end. Tom Hardy's role was also played well, watching his role, he made you feel that you need to jump through the screen to help Leonardo to seek his revenge.I will not say much, but I could watch this movie again. I know that this movie will be one of the best movies that will be out in 2016.This is a very must watch film. I will also give much of the credit to the Director for making this feel real.
평점: 2	리뷰: At 156 minutes, "The Revenant" is unwatchable, so it wasn't. After an hour, instead skipped to watch a minute every three or four through to the last twenty minutes which encapsulates the final conflict between John Fitzgerald (Tom Hardy) and Leonardo DiCaprio (Hugh Glass). Nothing was missed for in between is Glass grimacing left then right.There is a harrowing, savage bear attack leading to Glass hanging to life by a slender thread. Oddly, all that came to mind is how the effects were accomplished. That goes to a lack of empathy for protagonist Glass.This is a film of unquestioned artistic merit. Though some gush about the cinematography, it is merely serviceable. It's not the cinematography that's beautiful, it's the wilderness. All that's required of an available light cinematographer is to set the frame and F-stop. The actors most likely kissed pavement back in civilization after shooting this demanding film. They did well under the circumstances, particularly DiCaprio. The villain is the director and the unreachable allegory he wrote on the script pages.In "Jodorowsky's Dune," the titular director made a few memorable Seventies' films. When pitching "Dune," the studios requested a standard length film - 120 minutes (not viable for a film from a story this complex). But Jodorowsky wondered why it couldn't be ten hours or twenty hours. He was clueless why the studios weren't funding him. The doc is in part the story of a delusional, out-of-control ego. The viewer may wish to slap his face. Enter Alejandro González Iñárritu who also appears to have an ego of the same dimensions.God bless the artists, but not those who trade their expression for self aggrandizement. Not only is "The Revenant" a vanity project, it is Oscar bait.Awards should be given to those brave enough to sit through this slog. It is a simple story raised to the power of crashing bore. "The Revenant" is nearly incomprehensible, and filled with spiritual mumbo-jumbo even Iñárritu most likely can't explain.See this if you relish masochism. It's a bet this film will bomb. Maybe that will awaken Iñárritu. He's a genius. He just doesn't know how to connect with an audience. He certainly doesn't here.
평점: 8	리뷰: The Revenant is definitely one of the best shot films of the year. Some of the camera moves are just extraordinary. The story is simple, but that's fine because it's the overall experience that's unique, not the premise. It's basically a revenge western meets a survival story. Set in frosty Montana, Hugh Glass must overcome all odds to avenge the death of his son. All the acting is great- but it's the mood that really stands out. From icy mountains, to great plains, the oppressive and gloomy atmosphere will not be for everyone. It's a hard film to sit through. There are scenes of great violence and very very slow-paced scenes. Plus the runtime is over two and half hours. So it might not be for everyone- but it's still an excellent film.
평점: 9	리뷰: Really, what a wonderful experience.I was daunted by the film's duration. But after the first scene, I was applauding the DOP for his innovation and relationship with his subjects.At the very least, this film should be recognized by its' effective use of optic technology. Wow It was like II was there - a true advancement in the craft.A hard call between Leo De Caprio and Tom Hardy for Best Actor or Supporting role. You know from the first scene who to root for and who to despise. But something golden has to come of this triumph.I've honestly never experienced such an up-close-and personal sideline view of a series of events. Thank you for that.I was fortunate to have grown up close to where this film was shot. The locations are where I leaned how to camp, fish, ski, trek and teach my son to skate on a mountain lake with snow swept clear by the wind so you can see the fish 30 feet down.I would have given this movie a 10, but for a couple inaccuracies which I will not dwell on.Please enjoy his film and pass it on to friends. Ground-breaking cinematography, a truly compelling story and a truly committed effort by the actors. (I've been in that water and I'll tell you, Hell is cold).
평점: 9	리뷰: Leonardo DiCaprio Himself Said The Revenant his 'most difficult film' But After Watchig This Movie I Asked Myself "Is There anything this guy can't do"? Great film has the power to convey the unimaginable. We sit in the comfort of a darkened theater or our living room and watch protagonists suffer through physical and emotional pain that most of us can't really comprehend. Too often, these endurance tests feel manipulative or, even worse, false. We're smart enough to "see the strings" being pulled, and the actor and set never fades away into the character and condition. What's remarkable about Alejandro Gonzalez Iñárritu's "The Revenant" is how effectively it transports us to another time and place, while always maintaining its worth as a piece of visual art. You don't just watch "The Revenant," you experience it. You walk out of it exhausted, impressed with the overall quality of the filmmaking and a little more grateful for the creature comforts of your life. So My Review 10/10 An extraordinary piece of work by Leo,director and rest of the cast,Must Watch Guys
평점: 9	리뷰: So when is DiCaprio going to win an Oscar already? This guy puts his heart and soul into every movie and he sure knows how to pick them. This is a movie that has a lot of heart and was terrific from start to finish. Tom Hardy also was terrific in this one. From the start I was riveted. If I didn't know this story was true I don't know how vested I would be in this, but knowing this story really happened it made the movie incredible. The camera work was brilliant and the CGI was tremendous in a great bear scene that will be talked about going forward. Don't miss this one if you can help it. This is about a man who overcomes adversity over and over again. The only reason I didn't give it a 10 is because 20 minutes could have been trimmed, but that about it. It is a must watch so get your popcorn and be amazed at the how this man lived in the 1830's and what he went through in a compelling story with great actors.
평점: 2	리뷰: Only in Hollywood could they take the life of Hugh Glass - a man whose story needs no embellishment to rate as "astonishing" - and subvert it to the point of disgrace. Using the rough outline of the Glass arc, this movie adds absurd and, more vitally, totally unnecessary plot lines about sex slave Indian daughters and martyred, fictional sons and all manner of other rote plot devices in order to - I guess? - try and dramatize a story about a guy who *literally* crawled 200 miles without skin on his back in order to save his own life. As if Hugh needed the posthumous help.Hardy might win an Oscar for his excellent performance as foil and I'm sure Leo will get plenty of hype for grunting his way through 150 minutes. But man, they're both just shadows cast behind a movie that could have been great.The writers could have fictionalized a plot loosely based on Glass's life and rightly called it fiction. Or they could have made a great movie about what actually happened and sold it as truth. Instead, they manage go wrong in both directions. "The Revenant" dishonors Hugh Glass, disrespects its audience, and desecrates a tale worth being told much better than this. Your time would be better spent sleeping inside a dead horse.
평점: 8	리뷰: The trailer for Revenant is very misleading. It would have you believe this film is full of fighting scenes, battles and generally action. It's not. It's mostly about one man's struggle against nature. Overcoming his weakness and injuries in his drive for revenge and survival. The majority of the film is slow-paced and focused on the incredible willpower of the protagonist. Seeing this film on the big screen can be overwhelming. The brutal, realistic scenes, close-up shots of actors' faces, perfectly showing the struggle and pain they experience, and the incredibly harsh environment, make for one of the most memorable cinematic experiences this year. As can be expected from DiCaprio and Hardy, the acting is phenomenal. One can almost feel the pain, the cold, the hunger and the fear they experience. The camera captures all this perfectly, as well as showing beautiful scenery and biting winter weather, all filmed using only natural light. The plot, despite being quite simple, keeps the viewers on the edge of their seats, rooting for the hero's survival and admiring every time he manages to get up and keep going. The one criticism would be about the realism of all the misfortune, that befalls DiCaprio's character. There are points where it is really too much for one man to endure and the opinion of the antagonist, that "there is no way he could survive that" seems quite correct. Another thing to note: this is not a film for the squeamish. The graphic, bloody scenes involving both humans and animals do not hold back in realism.
평점: 9	리뷰: There's been a long dry spell since Dicaprio starred in a decent thriller, this film has ended that dry spell.If you can enjoy a movie without IMAX, giant screens & surround sound- then you have found a quality film. I didn't even need to step foot in a theatre, I've enjoyed this movie with about 480p- and still stunning imagery. I'm amazed by the views and scenery. It gives you a sense of what Dicaprio's character is going through. I won't go into any plot...This movie brought back memories from Christopher Noland's films applaud Alejandro González Iñárritu and Emmanuel Lubezki for their work in this movie, I look forward to more like this.
평점: 8	리뷰: It is one of the most beaten clichés of movie-marketing to call in the viewer to experience something unusual. When in truth there are very few filmmakers who are able to pull off something like a sensory cinematic experience. Alejandro Gonzalez Iñárritu is one of those rare directors. His movies defy narrative conventions ("21 Grams", "Babel") and also visual templates ("Birdman"). Now he has achieved his next big step. A big budget adventure story that is reduced to its most minimal plot-elements while being a truly immersive experience that manages to give a tangible sense of a long-gone era.Hugh Glass (Leonardo DiCaprio) is a tracker who assists a band of fur-trappers in the early nineteenth century. He is attacked by a bear along the frontier of Montana. And after being left for dead finds himself amidst an unforgivable wilderness. The screenplay written by Mark L. Smith and Iñárritu is a starting point for a film that relies first and foremost on the image and is therefore reconnecting with the era of silent film and the most fundamental roots of the medium. Iñárritu who tried to avoid as much as possible the trappings of computer effects has production designer Jack Fisk, cinematographer Emmanuel Lubezki, costume designer Jacqueline West and his actors pull out all the stops. You are left with images, sounds, faces and languages that force you to reflect on your life two hundred years after the events shown here.Leonardo DiCaprio manages, not unlike Tom Hanks in "Cast Away", to hold the screen with his presence in a performance that is mostly wordless. From teen-heartthrob to superstar to character actor; DiCaprio's trajectory seems to be about choosing his projects according to the challenges they face. And it must be said that his devotion to the portrayal of an archaic character whose prime motivation is survival is as simple and riveting as can be.Before he began shooting "Birdman" Iñárritu sent his cast an image of Philipp Petit, the high-wire artist who walked between the towers of the World Trade Center. It was a symbolic gesture of what he and his collaborators were trying to attempt with their movie. "The Revenant" represents another high-wire act by this Mexican iconoclast. It is a successful attempt to resurrect not only a forgotten time, but also some often neglected qualities of cinema.May it jolt all those timid formula-makers out of their slumber.
평점: 5	리뷰: Leo is a decent actor and has hardly ever been great. The cinematography and/or wilderness was a huge bonus as it adds a vast mystery to this story. He did alright in this one. The movies he's been in may have been Good, but his acting no so much. Although, he was pretty good in...that wallstreet movie and D'Jango Unchained but that's it. I think (I can't at the moment think of others). As to detail to Revenant, it is boring and tedious, never really developing anything but Leos character' retribution or revenge. The bear scene was good but not movie-making magic, as another review says. While I appreciate the ordeal the real man had to endure, the movie simply lacked character.
평점: 10	리뷰: So great movies this year, but only a few were phenomenal, and one of the phenomenal film of this year is "The Revenant" , directed by Alejandro González Inarritu. The plot of this movie is very simple: A man is left for dead by two people and one of them killed his child, and this man, played by Leonardo DiCaprio, is going for revenge. When the film starts, I knew this movie will be great. I was right. The acting is incredible, with a powerful performance by Leonardo DiCaprio, probably is going to win the Oscar for this performance, a perfect acting by DiCaprio, who suffers very much for this role but it worth it, because I was incredible fascinating by this performance. Tom Hardy is also very good, one of the best role of his entire career, and he deserves to be nominated for best supporting actor. The image of this movie is incredible,is amazing, because this movie was filmed only with natural lights, the fire, the sun, the moon, incredible achievement. This movie look so real, that when the main character is in the cold water, is like you are in there and this blew me away and this cinematography by Emmanuel Lubeski is one of the best that I've seen. In this movie is a scene, involving a bear, that almost killed the main character, and I was asking myself:"how they do that", because it was so tense, so incredible, is one of the best scene that I've seen this year, an amazing scene, shot beautifully. The star of this film is Alejandro G.Inarritu, who directed this film with passion, with beauty, is a Oscar-worthy, and I think that he is going to win again for best director. "The Revenant" is a brutal, violent and rough movie, but also is beautiful, the views are breath-taking, with powerful performances and superb directing, a Oscar-worthy for Best Picture of The Year and my favourite movie of 2015.
평점: 5	리뷰: Nobody could have survived HALF of what glass went thru. In the middle of winter? No drugs or wound care at all? No gangrene? And then his horse runs off a cliff and he falls into a tree and survives? At that point I actually LAUGHED OUT LOUD because the plot had become so ridiculous.I've been reading about this being DiCaprio's Oscar attempt, but I can't imagine that this will get him anything. And if it does, it will be appalling that of all the movies this year, that this piece of masturbatory garbage gets any attention at all except for utter derision. The plot was completely unbelievable. The acting was atrocious. The editing was not existent. It was as unpalatable as watching two hours of torture porn. My wife left after the first 30 minutes.This movie should not win anyone any award.
평점: 5	리뷰: Usually one expects good things from Leonardo DiCaprio, especially when coupled with the man of the moment Tom Hardy. Whilst they both deliver stellar performances, dead cert for Oscar nominations, the film itself is only of an average calibre. For 135 million one expects to see a dazzling display but the film only displays normal effects, it would seem that the only reason it cost so much was Iñárritu's insistence on natural light leading to a much longer than usual filming schedule, which drastically inflated the budget. We are shown a fighting bear that is supposed to make for a dramatic scene but the CGI already looks dated, not to mention unnatural, and I ended up watching the clock for the scene to be over, as I noticed others doing too. The storyline itself isn't anything special or that we haven't seen done a million times before. If Leo and Hardy weren't starring in it I imagine so called 'critics' would be calling this an average film. The film would also not break even without their star power.
평점: 10	리뷰: Odyssey in literature equals to the calvary of homecoming. Odyssey means fulfillment either by knowledge, sacrifice or mercy. There are great examples of fulfillment by knowledge in 2001: A Space Odyssey as well as we can find heroic sacrifice and redemption by vengeance in Gladiator, however in Homer's Odyssey the latter fulfillment is achieved by justice and mercy.Alejandro González Iñárritu's The Revenant takes a great courage from the real life Odysseus' trials and tribulations based on the novel of the same name. Needless to say, Iñárritu reaches higher than the novel by envisioning a cinematically unique and unsettlingly fulfilling experience alongside with the exceptional imagination of cinematographer Emmanuel 'Chivo' Lubezki and a huge amount of excellent performances from a most talented cast.From the characters, there are three prominently mentionable. Domhnall Gleeson is brilliantly temperate in order for the two main characters to deepen their opposition with each other. Tom Hardy serves as the picture's main antagonist with whom Leonardo DiCaprio's Hugh Glass is forced to confront followed by a tragic decision in the part of Hardy who kills Glass' half-blood Indian son while his father is watching the act impotently lying wounded by a previous attack of a bear. This great inner and outer duel of the two is slowly but constantly reaching its peak as Hardy's Fitzgerald learns to deal with his deed, while Leo's Glass learns a much greater deal.Hugh Glass does not only seek revenge. He seeks justice. Frontier justice. Glass learns to survive in the wild as was he viciously left for dead and devastated. He is forced to flee from the past and the wild in order to fulfill his destiny in killing Fitzgerald. Such an unprecedented Odyssey we can experience as Glass learns mercy on his journey as well as sacrifice and justice! Leonardo DiCaprio solidly delivers his greatest and most memorable performance in his career. He captures and evolves on every aspect of his character which is absolutely Oscar-worthy.The scenery is marvelous. The costume design is most convincing. The makeup artists did an amazing job. The editing and mixing are no less award-worthy than the beautiful visuals and the masterful vision of Chivo. The long takes are breathtakingly intense from start to finish, from the opening Indian attack sequence that leaves us uncertain who to root for, through to a naturalist and unbelievably convincing depiction of the bear attack, to the brutally mesmerizing and well- executed final confrontation between Fitzgerald and Glass. These two actors both deserve their praise for their most committed performances as they make us believe that on the screen it is not Hardy and Leo fighting, but two hopeless, barbaric, opposing elements who learn to rise and fall in the wild. All those thought-provoking visual and external oppositions claim for re-watching owing to the film's splendid screenplay in which the conflicts (American-Indian; Fitzgerald-Glass; conflict of elements) are so layered that from the first viewing one may not be able to fully process what they might have just experienced.
평점: 10	리뷰: First of all the description of ''The Revenant'' makes you all excited and ready for an adventure epic western drama thriller. Inarritu's decision to shoot the film chronologically was a good call telling the story from the beginning to the end. His ability and follow- up to Birdman does not disappoint. The amazing shots of every scene, every breath of Glass, every fight, struggle, survival on set makes him one of the greatest of all time. Definitely after this I'm going to watch more of his work. DiCaprio DiCaprio DiCaprio... where to begin? He has definitely proved once and for all who runs this. The pain that he reflects, the scene with the bear the screaming, the scars and hope to make it another day, horse scene where he sleeps on his carcass to the fight scenes and eating real bison liver he really committed to this performance. He wasn't playing Glass - HE WAS GLASS. There is not enough words from the training and prepare of mastering guns, western lifestyle, the look to the accent and rawness of his character he topped Wolf of Wall Street and that was some of his best work congrats man hats off to you.Tom Hardy's performance wasn't unnoticed. He showed us one more ti how well he can manage to play a supporting character and that he's good at it unfortunately Leo's performance I think it shadowed him but there's a great possibility he'll grab an Oscar nomination for Supporting Actor.Will Poulter's performance as a scary trying to be honest but coward was just another point to making the film complete. I waited for this film almost 2 years to come out and see it ever since it was announced. Don't Miss it cause there's not enough space for me to write a well-deserved review for this . 10/10 and I'm sure it's gonna win at least 5 Oscars ;) .
평점: 9	리뷰: I am not a big fan of Inarritu's films. I hated Birdman and i found some of his previous films very pompous and tedious. But this, this is a masterpiece. Watch it for the photography. Watch it for the choreography. Inarritu takes his time with every scene, but i could not think of anything that should be left out, everything's in its right place.An overall amazing cinematic experience.Poetic, violent, harsh, bold cinema. DiCaprio is as usual excellent in a different role than his previous filmography. Nothing remotely similar comes to mind in the way this story is shot and told. Stunning!
평점: 10	리뷰: The whole movie revolves around a mishap and the betrayal of a few!Brilliant cinematography, acting and filming. This movie is so well made that it will give you chills while watching. Not even once I felt bored or lack of interest. Kudos to the scriptwriters and directors!Mark L. Smith (screenplay) Alejandro González Iñárritu (screenplay/director) Michael Punke (Novelist)If Leonardo does not get an Oscar for his spine chilling role for 'The Revenant' then Oscar Awards ceremony should be closed!I would say a must watch!!
평점: 10	리뷰: If you think gladiator was a epic film then this film will blow you away! The true story of explorer hugo glass (Leonardo DiCaprio) who was attacked by a bear and left for dead by his own team and if that was not enough his confidant (Tom Hardy) betrayed him in a sinister twist. The sheer grit and dertimination by hugo to return to his family barely alive is a tribute to the actual events of this true story. This is one of the most compelling storytelling ever done on the big screen its brutal and some parts hard to watch like the bear attack but my god its got to be one of the best films i have seen ever. You become so involved in this film it truly grabs at your soul and you feel the struggle hugo goes through, Tom Hardy is brilliant but Leonardo DiCaprio is out of this world by just how amazing he portrays hugo, how he to this date has not won a Oscar is a biggest mystery ever! He has to win everything at the Oscars with the revenant. You may look away when you see a run time of 156 minutes but trust me you will not be sacrificing over 2 hours of your life. The story, plot screen shots ,camera angles everything about this film is brilliant there are not enough words to explain how great it really is. #leoforoscars
평점: 9	리뷰: If like myself you have been desensitized over the years by watching countless movies with blood, gore and violence and can now watch the beach scene during Saving Private Ryan as though it was an episode of Sesame Street, then prepare yourself to feel your pulse quicken once more and that urge to raise your hand to cover your eyes from the horror.......the horror. Those moments that are hard to watch but even harder not to, are here, this time in the form of a very upset 300kg grizzly bear and Leonardo DiCaprio's face. The realism of this scene is incredible...I'm still trying to work out how they filmed it......maybe it really happened and they've patched Leonardo back up somehow. The Revenant, based on the TRUE yet unbelievable story of frontiersman Hugh Glass,(1780 – 1833) is a survival revenge flick. The camera work is some of the best I've seen om film, it flows effortlessly like a ghost on the breeze, taking you up and close and sometimes closer than you would like to be. These shots are often juxtaposed with some truly beautiful and hypnotic images the wilderness. A great cast of actors including Tom Hardy, who doesn't look like Tom Hardy again and has to be one of the best British actors of recent times. I knew he was in this movie and I still didn't recognize him at first. He plays the hillbilly you'll love to hate and is excellent throughout this epic odyssey. Leonardo DiCaprio does some of his best work in this movie and also eats some truly disgusting food ( even Rambo wouldn't touch ) in order to portray the realism of his character. As he crawls over 200 miles towards his salvation spurred on by his revenge, you will feel every grunt and groan that his half dead corpse is capable of producing. Surely he deserves an Oscar, if not only for best actor but for best stomach. The Revenant is as uplifting as it is traumatic and like his previous movie Birdman, director Alejandro González Iñárritu has a gift for making it personal. A gift for transporting you from your arm chair into another world, which in my opinion is what we want a movie to do. Like Hugh Glass you will go through an ordeal in this film, one that I highly recommend you survive for 159 minutes.
평점: 5	리뷰: Oh what can I say about The Revenant? It's a two and an half hour epic with Leonardo DiCaprio doing his darndest to act like an injured man abandoned and trying to survive in a world of harsh elements and enemies, but unfortunately he's also up against a cast of others whose acting, to put it bluntly, just plain sucks. I've never seen Tom Hardy overact before, but here you have an example of it and it isn't pretty. I guess when you're doing three or four blockbusters a year, one of which requires you to play two different people, you have a hard time putting your heart and soul into your character.DiCaprio is also up against a script that kept me scratching my head. Everything in it seems borrowed and haphazardly pieced together: the opening action sequence seems borrowed from Saving Private Ryan (only with arrows and hooting "Indians" instead of guns and Nazis); the mood seems borrowed from Into the Grey; the main character borrowed from Dances With Wolves (although stripped of all humanity and charm). Nothing seems new here. Furthermore, none of the characters are developed, likable or relatable. They are all fowl mouthed, brutal, murderous savages, including DiCaprio's character, whose only connection to humanity is his love for his son; and in regards to that, only God knows why, since the kid is so miserable, bitter and brooding himself.The Revenant is visually stunning (I'll hand it that), and if you can suspend your disbelief, you are in for a real treat. Personally, however, I couldn't get into the grand finale, when DiCaprio is sprinting, as nimble as a doe, through the ice and snow, when just a few weeks before in this movie time a great big bear mauled him so savagely that he barely clung to his life, tearing his flesh to shreds and breaking several of his bones--not to mention every thing that happens to him AFTER that--yet he's somehow back to full strength for the obligatory revenge scene. When exactly did his broken leg heal without being set or put into a cast, for example: when he was tumbling helplessly down a waterfall or when he was single-handedly taking on an entire French brigade?No. Sorry, Alejandro González Iñárritu. You can throw all the finesse in the world into your movie pal, but if it doesn't ring true, I won't be emotionally engaged.So there you have it: my take on The Revenant.
평점: 5	리뷰: This movie has everything - A Grizzly Attack (Man in the Wilderness-Richard Harris)Killing of a Native American Loved One (Nevada Smith-Steve McQueen)and Desolate,Unforgiving Wilderness, With the Added Experience of Having to Sleep Naked in a Dead Horse(Jeremiah Johnson-Robert Redford.)This movie had great effects, but frankly it was a LONG movie with pretty much the same theme as in Nevada Smith--the main character having to go through endless hardships and near death experiences to exact revenge on the man who killed his son. The ending was even somewhat an anticlimax for me, in that when he finally catches the man who did the dirty deed, he decides that revenge is in God's hands. Nothing wrong with that. Except that Steve McQueen did it years before when he finally caught up with Karl Malden.For the young ones that have never seen Man in the Wilderness,Nevada Smith, or Jeremiah Johnson, this is probably something new.While I did enjoy it, it was very long and the ending was weak in my opinion.But then, I grew up with guys that did CLASSICS.
평점: 10	리뷰: This is the best film of 2015 by about 200 miles, and the best frontier epic I've seen in 25 years. It isn't dissimilar to 1990's Dances With Wolves, but The Revenant is a story that actually happened (or close to it) and the minor liberties taken with the source all make sense when you read about the saga as it was documented, and are totally justified when you see the end result.Tom Hardy is having quite a year. Mad Max: Fury Road was the best film I had seen this year until this one came along, and despite how good he was as the lead/hero, his portrayal of a totally corruptible villain is far better, and is the best performance in the movie in my opinion.Fortunately for DiCaprio, Hardy isn't competing with him as the lead actor here and while Hardy's performance is extremely dialog-driven, Leo's is the exact opposite. Within the first half-hour he's almost entirely lost the use of his voice and spends the remaining 2 hours illustrating that acting is as much about line delivery as about facial expression and body language.A couple of the more minor casting and crewing decisions seemed strange when I first read about them, particularly Domnhall Gleeson in the role of the Army Captain and Ryuichi Sakamoto's appointment to create the score. I've never seen Gleeson play any masculine characters in a convincing fashion but he does it extremely well here, and although Sakamoto created two outstanding film scores for 'Merry Christmas Mr. Lawrence' and 'The Last Emperor' they were both in the mid 1980's. He's worked with Inarritu before but this is his best work since he won the academy award in 1987 and the best film score I've heard all year. He had some assistance with this one, which seems to be a roadblock to his getting a nomination for this movie, which is a shame.On the topic of awards, DiCaprio and Hardy certainly deserve their probable nominations, but I think The Revenant has a better chance at snagging the two sound design Oscars (particularly the one for sound mixing) and the award for best cinematography. The latter is, for me, the biggest lock of the year in a year where many will be rooting for DiCaprio as much during awards season as they do for his character in the film.Emmanuel Lubezki has again delivered the most beautiful film of the year, and has included quite a few of his usual impressive camera tricks. Visually and thematically The Revenant evokes 2005's The New World, and in addition to the same amazing imagery he captured in that film, this one is a technical jaw-dropper. There are several long-take action scenes that owe as much of their impact to the visual effects and choreography teams as they do to Lubezki's camera but he's the one who brings it all together. To win the Oscar again would be his third win in a row and provide some tangible support for my feeling that he's the greatest film photographer in the world and possibly the best one ever. No one has won the award more than four times and the two men who did win four took an average fourteen nominations to get there. Lubezki has two wins from just seven nominations in a relatively short 32-year career behind the lens.The Revenant is the type of movie that I had to take notes for because by the time the credits rolled I had forgotten at least a couple of the technical puzzle-pieces that combined to make it so great. Nominations for Best Picture, Best Director, Best Adapted Screenplay, Best Makeup and Best Editing would all be deserved in addition to those mentioned above. I would not be surprised to see the film enter February with as many as 10 Oscar nominations. The combined efforts of about a half dozen of the most talented artists and technicians in the business are at play here. 10 out of 10 starts; one of the most beautiful films about ugliness you'll ever see.
평점: 1	리뷰: The cinematography is excellent but the story is so unbelievable that it snaps you out of the movie. The bear mauling if brutal then to be left for dead no food and bleeding? Gun powder in your throat to cauterize the wound? Body surfing down a river after all that in winter which a healthy person could last about 10 min before hypothermia would set in? Its not one thing, its not three things its the whole movie that is one thing after another that anyone older than 6 would say this is total Bull crap. You have to watch the movie to know that someone had no idea what the hell it was like in the cold trying to survive healthy not to mention half dead no food and Indians tracking you. I believe Indiana Jones is more believable jumping out of planes with rubber rafts. If you want a movie that just to kill time this will work, but don't get the idea its going to be some great look on how things were. Its an upscale B movie.
평점: 9	리뷰: One problem I've had with Hollywood movies is that they constantly look the same . Primary colours to the fore while action scenes are overly edited and other intensified continuity technique to the point you're watching a MTV trailer rather than a action sequence . Add to this just about every film nowadays must feature Tom Hardy and you're in danger of exclaiming "If you've seen one film in the 21st Century you've seen them all" . On top of that THE REVENANT is directed by Alejandro Gonzalez Inarritu who made the overrated and painfully esoteric BIRDMAN from last year and this movie seemed like more typical Osccar bait material so I went in with low expectations and came out pleasantly surprised !!!! MILD SPOILERS !!!!! Apologies for using the word "pleasantly" in the last paragraph because this isn't a pleasant film in anyway and this is in no way a criticism . If you're going to see THE REVENANT simply because it stars Leonardo PrettyBoy don't say you weren't warned because I'm warning you now . This is THE NAKED PREY for the 21st Century and whereas Cornell Wilde's film was slightly hamstrung as to what it could get away with in 1966 the studio system has moved on and not much is held back . If you think four legged mammals are cute and shouldn't be used as a food source then again avoid this film like he plague because it'll give you nightmares . That said it was the bipeds of this movie that gave me nightmaresMexican director Inarritu really does something special with this movie and makes a truly cinematic film . I've disliked his previous work but does something memorable here . The initial Indian attack is shocking probably because it doesn't contain the usual Hollywood hallmarks of close-ups and quick edits and is genuinely shocking . He also films a bear attack that had me falling out of my seat gasping "How'd he do that ? " because it looks like it was done in one take with a star actor , not a stuntman , being savaged by a real bear . Indeed I never got the sensation I was watching a bunch of actors appearing in a movie which is miraculous considering the big name prolific cast but real characters trying to survive the twin cruelties of the natural world and human nature . Also worthy of great praise is the cinematography by Emmanuel Lubezki which gives the scenes a cold , stark look perfectly capturing the environment it's set in . The editing by Stephen Mirrione shouldn't be overlooked either and several scenes feature characters finding themselves underwater but it's done so seamlessly like the bear attack it's easy to forget how much hard graft went in to realising these scenes The film isn't without the occasional flaw . Inarritu overplays his hand sometimes and the art-house credentials are a bit overdone . Also because of the material of a solitary figure trapped in a hostile landscape the story does run out of steam a bit towards the end . There was also something else I noticed and that is Hugh Glass constantly has the ability to make fire . I'm guessing he has a piece of flint on him but surely the landscape is too cold and wet to find effective kindling material ? Whatever . But these are minor flaws . That said I do notice a lot of negative comments on this page and I wonder if the people making them are disappointed in what they got rather than what they thought they were getting ? As it stands I found THE REVENANT a brutal and compelling story of real life survival and have no shame in saying it's the most impressive film of the year so far . I expect it to sweep the board at this year's Oscars' and deservedly so
평점: 9	리뷰: An extraordinary film on many levels: 1. As pure entertainment, give it a quarter hour and you will be hooked. This is a survival/revenge story so pure, so beautifully filmed, at times it seems more like a National Geographic documentary. I guarantee that when you leave the theatre you will think twice about complaining when you shovel the driveway, or when you are tempted to return food in a restaurant because it is undercooked.2. As a clinic in how to direct a film, Iñárritu is at the top of his game. When you think back on what you watched --- and you will think back -- you will have to conclude that the director somehow managed to tell the heavens what weather to provide on any given shooting day; and even arranged for a wild bear to attack on cue but leave the actor alive ..... there are scenes in this movie that you literally will never forget. The "horse motel" for one. And the demonstration that the fastest way to get to the bottom of a mountain when you are being chased is simply to jump off the top of it.3. As a showcase for Hardy, this will become a welcome part of his body of work. I am convinced that Hardy, an actor who acts with his entire body, will be studied and appreciated by audiences of the future. My favorite role of his was Warrior where he practically stole every scene he was in. Child 44 is also worth a watch if you have not seen it.4. Some IMDb members are hard on DiCaprio and they should not be. He is at the stage of his career where he can take a massively "physical" role like without having to worry about fickle fans not approving of his career choices. It is hard to imagine many other actors that could have pulled this off.Not really a film. An experience.
평점: 7	리뷰: First off, the direction.. Just excellent. This movie is one of a kind. I have not seen anything like it before and I actually doubt I will. The film was full of heart pounding, exciting and unpredictable moments. It was full of gore in a way that seemed quite realistic and it suited the overall plot and setting of the movie. The acting.. I've seen better from Leo but he was really good. As for Tom Hardy, he was simply excellent. The movie is about survival, love, struggle and revenge. Overall, I liked it very much and I would watch it again. I'm torn between giving it a 7 or an 8.
평점: 9	리뷰: Alejandro González Iñárritu is solidifying himself as one of the finest directors of his era. He has directed two aesthetically beauteous chefs-d'oeuvres in just a two-year span. The first was the 215 Oscar winner for best picture, Birdman, and now the The Revenant – another Oscar worthy movie. The Revenant is straightforward from a story perspective. The story is about a protagonist seeking revenge on an antagonist for his malevolent, self-indulgent and inhumane actions. However, Iñárritu evinces the story you tell does not matter. What matters is how you tell it. The story is brilliantly structured. Every scene amplified the suspense and intensity of the movie, and it was sprinkled with just enough plot twists to keep us guesstimating how it would all unravel. It was difficult to guess how it would end, yet the journey of how the character would will himself to get there and how the climax would play out made the movie keep its vigorousness. Behind the disheartening tone constantly following around the characters, is an inspirational story. A story that demonstrates how much drive and perseverance we as humans have. All we have to do is dig deep to discover it, and if we do it can make us dangerous beyond belief.The directing, however, is what makes this movie stand out the most. It is so natural and so realistic that it blurs the line between reality and fiction. It is almost as you are in a virtual ride or playing a video game as the protagonist, feeling every inner-emotion the protagonist feels.The Revenant takes its audience on an aesthetically stunning expedition with meticulously remarkable directing; beauteous cinematography; thought-provoking, ultra-philosophical and metaphorical dialogue; and an exquisite, way-too-realistic method acting-esque performance by Leonardo DiCaprio.
평점: 8	리뷰: This is my first review and i'm not that eloquent with English words, so i keep it short and simple."Son of Murphy's Law" kept slipping from one crap to the next, *to the next (*keep repeating from here) and survived somehow every time! I'm not sure about if one should call that luck or the exact opposite? ;DSuspension of disbelief is strongly recommended, but above that, it was an very entertaining film and worth the money you pay for! Both performances, from Leonardo DiCaprio and Tom Hardy, were brilliant.Somehow i had forgotten (don't ask) that Tom Hardy was one of the main characters in this movie and i didn't even recognize him in the whole first hour! *blush* His accent and the dialect he had spoken, were so different than that what i knew from him ... - for me, as non-native-English-speaker, the "cowboy-slang" was perfect. :)
평점: 7	리뷰: The Revenant is what happens when a strictly bordering-on- mediocre film gets universal acclaim. It wouldn't be correct to call it a mess because there are some scenes to marvel at, especially the wide angle shots of Calgary's forests and sunlight filtering through clumps of forests on a white canvas. The one take thing which gave Birdman an edge is simply a distraction here as the camera seemingly cannot decide where to stay and , instead, meanders pointlessly here and there as the film does. There are a lot of inspired moments from Kurosawa's climax in Throne of Blood, a lot of Tree of Life inspired juvenile philosophy thrown in for good measure and a ready dose of scenes structured around Birdman. But what absolutely kills the film is the amazingly banal sentimentality which is presented in the form of universality. Innaritu presents us with a lot of images. A lot. They are pretty dazzling to be honest, extremely cinematic, but as light as fluff. And as pointless as DiCaprio eating a raw bison liver to get into the skin of his character, or a horse. or whatever.
평점: 9	리뷰: Awesome in every way. From the breath taking scenes, to the wonderful and masterful use of music/bgm to the amazing story.I'll keep it short and sweet. This movie shines in how much Glass had to struggle and fight for every second. I could really feel that wind/chill and I could really feel the serenity of those quiet moments. Like Gravity, this movie is absolutely an experience. The Story was ... well it was alright. The ending was satisfying. There were moments where I was sad but nothing jerked any tears out of me. It kept me at the edge of my seat for most of the duration, so hats off to that.Its got drama, strife, survival and combat. It was a real trip. So the bottom line is that this movie imo didn't blow me away story-wise but it was one hell of an experience. Hardy and DiCaprio did an amazing job. The other actors played their parts very well too. It really did feel like DiCaprio had to give his all in order to pull it off and he did. I cant imagine anyone giving more.All-in-all, I think its a must see. Or at the very least, it's an experience that you'll be pretty sorry you missed. Definitely worth every single minute.
평점: 3	리뷰: The story of Hugh Glass was quite astonishing but the Leo version managed to turn this true story of survival into a daft revenge flick. The scenery was quite breath-taking but the acting was far from that. Based on a true story but with practically every scene made up nonsense.Making Fitzgerald kill his imaginary son to set up the revenge element Glass then walks through a boring sub-plot about some Indian looking for his daughter before gaining said revenge.The reality was so much more interesting but sadly reality is a word Hollywood has never heard of. So we get a poorly executed revenge scenario culminating in a big fight which ties up the two plots in a bow for the audience.Hugh Glass had a really interesting life and his walk to safety would have been really inspirational to those that heard about it. The film of his 'life' sadly was pretty boring and dragged on and on for well over an hour too much. Leo is a great actor and played his part well enough but the tale was poorly served by those involved in the movie production. Another disappointing film that promised so much.
평점: 10	리뷰: I must say that DiCaprio is continuously over the topTo explain the least – Mr. Glass, DiCaprio's character, is a strong source material. But to be able to deliver such a performance, you have to not only dedicate all your strength and stamina, but also have a huge talent – something which Leonardo has in abundance. Combining this with Inarritu's perfect directing skills and Lubezki's paranormal filming abilities – this one had to be the best of the year.And indeed it is – the struggle between man and nature, the vengeance trip, the human relationships, the environmental message – we all see that in its entire run. I must admit that the rawness of the shots were a bit too much at some times for me, but this indeed made the movie true to the real life of these people at that time and at that place.The music is by Ryuichi Sakamoto and I strongly recommend it to every open soul which desires to hear something new and vibrant. The costumes are profoundly adequate and the narrative is rich with pristine survival instincts.But the main character in this film is the nature itself. No matter if we speak about the snow, the trees, the bear or the wind itself – this is what really shakes the viewer in his seat. I purposely didn't pay much attention to the dialogue, but rather enjoyed the "conversations" between Glass and his environment. His journey is delicately decorated with flashbacks and dreamlike visions which explain not only the personal story of the character, but also his urge to finish this journey and do what he has to do.The movie is long enough for you to be able to immerse in the setting, so take your time and don't rush to deduct or explain it. There will be plenty of reasons to do that in the next years which I am sure will prove it to be a classic.
평점: 10	리뷰: Extremely bleak, exceedingly brutal & exceptionally cold-blooded, The Revenant is that savage beast that charges at you with relentless fury, mauls you from head to toe without mercy, and leaves you utterly bruised, broken & helpless in the freezing cold of a harsh winter. Absolutely uncompromising with its content, unflinchingly raw in its depiction, and pushing its cast & crew to their limit, Alejandro G. Iñárritu's latest is one of the most harrowing films ever made.Inspired by true events & based on the novel of the same name, the story of The Revenant takes place in the 1820s and follows Hugh Glass, a frontiersman who, during the expedition of the uncharted American wilderness, gets viciously attacked by a bear and is left for dead by members of his hunting team. In an effort to survive, Glass endures unimaginable grief & extreme winter conditions in order to bring vengeance upon those who betrayed him & also murdered his son.Co-written & directed by Alejandro Gonzáles Iñárritu who's distinguished for his ruthless, evocative style of filmmaking, bleak subject matters, and themes relating to death, loss & redemption, The Revenant exhibits all these trademarks and is quite possibly his most distressing film to date for Iñárritu here aims to capture the pain & suffering in the harshest of conditions in the most unforgivable manner possible, and delivers a cinema that's undeniably difficult to endure but also hard to look away from.The script packs in an icy cold revenge dish set against the backdrop of remorseless surroundings in an era marred with conflict, carnage & cruelty. The punishing cold, desolate locations & lack of civilisation brings an authenticity of its own. The whole film is shot using only natural light and with Emmanuel Lubezki behind the camera, each frame is crisply photographed, the cold colour palette is brilliantly utilised, and there are several long takes that make you wonder how those sequences were filmed with such effectiveness.Clocking in at 156 minutes, The Revenant is a long film to sit through but the drama manages to be so absorbing that its lengthy runtime is barely felt. The slow pace allows it to be a more immersive experience, and also helping the ordeal is its arresting cinematography which works in contrast with the unadulterated brutality that's on display here. The background score is mesmerising and emits a sense of warmth but it makes its presence felt only intermittently. However, those flashback scenes don't add much to the story and should've been left out.Coming to the performances, The Revenant features an excellent cast in Leonardo DiCaprio, Tom Hardy, Domhnall Gleeson & Will Poulter, and this is one aspect that plays to Iñárritu's strengths as a filmmaker. DiCaprio delivers a powerhouse performance that makes the viewers feel every bit of agony his character undergoes in what is, without a shadow of a doubt, his toughest on-screen work to date as this actor gives his all to play his role from inside out. Hardy is no slouch in his supporting role and plays the antagonist with great restraint, while Gleeson & others do well with what they are given.On an overall scale, The Revenant is another gritty, unrelenting & audacious piece of filmmaking from Alejandro G. Iñárritu that finds the director in sublime form and also happens to be his most direct & accessible film to date. Definitely not for the easily distressed, this thrilling story of survival & retribution is destined to upset many viewers with its graphic nature of storytelling but for those who can manage to stay on board, it will be rewarding on more levels than one. Marking another artistic high for both Iñárritu & Lubezki and catapulted to a greater level by DiCaprio's extraordinary performance, The Revenant is one of the finest films of 2015 and certainly one of the proudest in the careers of its cast & crew. Strongly recommended.
평점: 6	리뷰: Alejandro González Iñárritu who directed last year's Best Picture winner 'Birdman or (The Unexpected Virtue of Ignorance)' has returned with his next film 'The Revenant'. The films couldn't be further apart in nature. I remember saying when I reviewed the former film that it wasn't going to be for everyone, and despite the films being worlds apart, this fact remains the same. 'The Revenant' is a beautiful film to look at, but it's a tough film to sit through. There's a pretty amazing true story being told here, but it's being told in such a slow, drawn out way that it lost a lot of impact for me. The buzz around town is that the time may finally have come for Leonardo DiCaprio to get an Oscar for his performance in 'The Revenant'. Personally I would be disappointed if this turns out to be the case. Don't get me wrong he delivers a very fine performance here. But of all the charismatic, layered performances he's given over the years, this was not his best work. People will justify it saying the filming conditions were immensely tough and that he put in the hard yards for the role, however the I believe any actor given this role could have come up with a very similar performance. There was nothing DiCaprio did here that no one else in the business could have pulled off. That hasn't been the case in other roles he's nailed.Be prepared going in to 'The Revenant'. Be prepared to be very patient. It's a long film with not a lot happening for the most part of it. The flaw for me was how much time was given to each aspect of the story. The survival aspect takes up 95% of the time, which granted was a great way to show just how harrowing of an experience it would truly have been and the determination it would have taken, and the "revenge" aspect is just rushed in at the end almost as an afterthought. For mine the ratio needed to be closer to 80-20% for the sake of an audience who are demanding a more satisfactory ending.
평점: 4	리뷰: Forget the hype likely brought to you by those who think the Batman films are high art with religious overtones.This is a silly, over the top, confused, ugly slog that is often laughable. The opus opens with dimwitted trappers in the Rocky Mountains, circa 1820 or so, being attacked by Indians. Rather than take shelter or even lay down to fire back at the arrow shooting Indians, the trappers mill around offering good targets for said Indians who pick off maybe half of their number. The trappers decide to split the scene after a bit and that's that with that for a while. Along the way home, one of their number gets attacked by a remarkably ineffective grizzly bear. Now the bear has an open season on this guy, bites him a dozen times, mauls him repeatedly yet doesn't kill him which should get the bear the ursine Oscar for the worst performance by a bear in a supporting role. The boys face a confused crisis - do the trappers stay around waiting for the guy to recover or continue to flee a bunch of lackadaisical Indians who may be vaguely sauntering after them at a leisurely pace? They split the difference delegating a subcommittee to hang out while the majority flee. When the subcommittee withdraws from their nursing duties, the mauled guy gives chase. So here's a guy who should be dead but he endures more on his trek back than most hale and hearty humans can take. I won't list them all but check this one out. He flees some Indians who may be the the attackers or maybe not (there are many factions none of which are clear) by taking a long swim in a partly frozen river. Huh? The passengers who hit the water at the Titanic sinking lasted maybe 45 seconds. In water of similar temperatures, this half dead baby faced actor lasts hours emerging no worse for wear. Well, why not. Anybody who can stand up to a sustained grizzly bear attack must view a few hours swim in near frozen water nothing more than refreshing. Along the way he manages to steal the world's first and maybe only repeating flintlock pistol. These smooth-bore arms are universally tack driving accurate. One guy uses his musket to pick off a rider over 200 m away while our baby faced frozen trapper has no trouble making a 50 m offhanded shot from his galloping horse hitting a rider on another galloping horse. Camp Petty calls these guys. In the end, the thing wraps up with more Indians wandering on set to fulfill a prophecy of baby face's now dead wife and although he gets stabbed a few more times, he remains doing just ducky. Grim, confused, miserable and at parts laughable - today's high art.
평점: 9	리뷰: Greetings again from the darkness. "Keep breathing." A flashback in the opening sequence has Hugh Glass whispering the phrase as advice to his young son Hawk, the product of Glass and his beloved Pawnee bride. The phrase has a recurring role throughout the film  possibly serving as a courtesy reminder from director Alejandro Gonzalez Inarritu to the moviegoers mesmerized (and nearly traumatized) by the incredible brutality of what is on screen.It's a master class in filmmaking by those at the top of their game. Inarritu is the reigning Oscar winning director for Birdman or (The Unexpected Virtue of Ignorance), and he has re-teamed with the reigning Oscar winning cinematographer from that movie, Emmanuel Lubezki. Two of the finest actors of their generation, Leonardo DiCaprio and Tom Hardy, strip away any semblance of pampered movie stardom to deliver ultra-realistic performances in a story "based in part" on the true to life novel by Michael Punke.An early action sequence is startling in its ferocity as Arikara surround and attack a group of hunters and trappers, and the whoosh of arrows – many of which find their mark – abruptly drag us into a world that we are unfamiliar with and certainly unprepared for. It's early 19th century U.S. frontier, and just about everyone and everything can kill you. Providing just enough time for us to pry our fingers off the armrests, Inarritu stuns us with what is undoubtedly the most fantastic grizzly bear attack on a movie star ever filmed. In what appears to be a single take (which also happens to be the number of breaths I took), Mama Grizzly treats Leonardo the way a young puppy treats its first chew toy. Scratched, chewed, tossed and stomped. This scene is savage and brutal, and sets the stage for the true, yet still unbelievable odyssey of survival by frontiersman Hugh Glass.Tom Hardy excels as the calmly psychotic villain Fitzgerald, though some of his early hillbilly-tinged dialogue is difficult to catch. His hulking presence fits with our imagined look of the frontiersman of the era  tough and unforgiving nearly beyond belief. His bullying of youngster Jim Bridger (played by Will Poulter) and power struggles with Captain Henry (Domhnall Gleeson) are at frightening levels of intensity. Fans of Tarantino's Inglourious Basterds will smile as they recognize the name of mountain man Jim Bridger  though that's one of the few smiles offered by this 156 minute gut-wrenching ordeal. It would not be surprising if DiCaprio's mantel sports an Oscar in a few months. He is that superb in a role that has nothing to do with good looks or charm.A tale of survival. A quest for revenge. It's both of those, as well as a reminder that nature can be both beautiful and brutal. Some of the photography is almost poetic, and often reminds of the work of director Terrence Malick. And in the blink of an eye, that moment is shattered by the torrential force of river rapids carrying Glass over the waterfall, or his taking a horseback ride off a steep cliff (one of the most dramatic shots of the film). The journey of Glass is unknown in distance or time in the movie, but there is no question as to the numerous struggles with the elements and the raw physicality required to persevere. If you can avoid diverting your eyes, there are visuals here that will be sincerely appreciated – even as you squirm, cringe and moan throughout.From a technical standpoint, the film was shot on location in Canada and Argentina using only natural lighting, and emphasizing aspects of nature that often are overlooked. The sound of arrows, bears, and even DiCaprio's breathing are profound and crucial to the overall effect, as are the animal skin garments and other costumes. It's impossible to tell where CGI meets reality, but the visceral experience will be quite unique for most viewers  and not soon forgotten.
평점: 8	리뷰: This Alejandro González Iñárritu directed masterpiece was under immense pressure after the director's victory in the Oscars for direction and best film last year. Him uniting with one of the industry's best actors, Leonardo Di Caprio, invited even more buzz. Well, the film more than delivers. The story in all its familiarity is about survival, the protagonist has to deal, post being left to die by his mates after getting attacked by a grizzly bear. It though tries to include elements of love and pain of loss, but keeps its focus towards having minimal layers.The film is another epitome in cinematography. In certain parts, the camera work and execution is so out of the world, I missed few dialogs purely enchanted by Emmanuel Lubezki's work. This man is in the middle of the most towering run ever achieved by a cinematographer. No other cinematographer has won three straight Oscars, and Lubezki, who won the Oscars for Gravity and Birdman, is the most eligible winner for yet another, thanks to his sky faced- wide lens-natural light portrayal of the main character's journey. With how much difficulty, Alejandro prepared for such long shots, where the camera almost turned anywhere, is near beyond anyone's idea. Though Lubezki already has a similar experience with Children of Men, this definitely must have been much tougher taking into the account the extreme sub zero degrees of the locations, loosely also helping it achieve the tag of being one of the most difficult films to be shot. The film reportedly faced countless obstacles not only related to weather but also due to number of staff either quitting in the middle of the production or being fired by the director (could be also due to weather). On several occasions he was asked to use technology instead of real locations due to seasonal changes which didn't help with the consistent look of the film. But Alejandro stayed firm on his stand of not using a green screen, only to let the actors feel the chill to their bones in order to generate authenticity. And for this he had to shoot in 12 different locations including US, Canada and Argentina. Without divulging much, the Bear attack scene and one other Horse chase is shockingly real for its closeness and the quick multiple movements of the camera, to ultimately provide audience a raw almost first hand perspective of the whole. These scenes are such, if not prepared, will most definitely make you spit a loud "FUCK!" Acting is top notch, though I really hope Tom gets at least an Oscar Nomination nod since he was snubbed in the Golden Globes, he is totally electrifying as the villain. I am sure, had he been given more scenes he would have gone past Leo. Leo gives another stellar performance to decorate his body of work, the filth scale he plays with is on par with Kill Bill sort of films though this is much higher in its aesthetic presentation. The writing doesn't quite match to its cinematography or acting, though that is not to say, its bad, but just that the standards set by those two other departments is so high, it makes others, difficult to get there. I'd definitely rate Alejandro's Birdman higher in screenplay. In all, this film is an intense, raw yet beautiful portrayal of a simple story backed with engaging pace and masterful direction. Easily on the top, along with the best films of the year.
평점: 8	리뷰: "When there is a storm, And you stand in front of a tree, If you look at it's branches, you swear it will fall, But if you watch the trunk, you will see it's stability." ... Not a so-called 'perfect' movie. But, I really liked the film,mostly the way of it's story-telling & on-screen execution. Brutal,Dark,creepy & engaging. What else to be needed in an Adventurous Thriller! This recent venture of Birdman's director Alejandro González Iñárritu has lots of reasons to be loved. It has been an enthralling journey with Mr. Hugh Glass (the prime character,portrayed by DiCaprio) & the rush of adrenaline has been felt many times. Another Recognition-demanding performance by the AWESOME Leonardo DiCaprio.Tom Hardy in the negative character has been treat to watch. Background score is well-suited to the theme of the film.
평점: 9	리뷰: The revenant is a survival and a "godly" revenge movie. The movie was great, the plot that is based on a novel by Mark Smith that I didn't read has a really good story that it is based around the time when Europeans landed on America. The fight for survival of native Americans v. the invaders which leads to much killings and less understanding.Alejandro did an amazing job on directing he also did the screenplay which was on the top. Photography was stunning, the camera work is amazing and one camera shoots scenes these days are rare. Acting starting from Leo was phenomenal, not going to start bragging but the dude did an amazing job he was spectacular. This must be the movie that he talks the least than in other movies but still good job done by him on the other aspects. Tom is just confirming that he is a top class actor, if Leo doesn't win anything for this then Tom totally deserves it for supporting role. A nice addition was that comet that I have to mention.Also the end credit which was mixed with Leo's breath was a nice additional little thing as we know masterpieces are achieved on details. Overall great movie with amazing editing, directing, camera and screenplay. Great performance by Leo and Tom, maybe maybe this will be your year guys.
평점: 9	리뷰: The Revenant is such a good movie,definitely filled my expectations,although I watched downloaded leaked version it's still one of the greatest acting performances I have ever seen. Leonardo Di Caprio did excellent job as Hugh Glass,on the screen and off the screen. Some parts of the movie where he is hurt are so brilliant,also the scene with the bear are one of the best I have ever seen. Movie has great sounds,from nature,from actors,Di Caprio to be specific. Nature,panoramas are amazing,the story is good. Leo had a very short dialogue,but that didn't stop him to put everything he has in this role. I think he definitely has a potential to win an Oscar.
평점: 7	리뷰: I have read guys talking high of how incredible Hardy is in this film. How many nuances in his acting, and bla bla bla bla bla. One guy dared to say that Hardy was generally speaking a much better actor than Di Caprio, and that this was the worst performance in Di Caprio's history. That's delusional!!! They both are very good actors and I find it pointless to make a diatribe about who is better. They have eventually different acting styles: Di Caprio is more refined, Hardy is more instinctive. But in THIS film, Di Caprio rules, without any possible doubt. He goes deeper and is much more intense, while Hardy is a bit over the top, playing the rude guy with western accent and rigid movements. And I do not know what film hat watched that other reviewer, but I do not see many nuances in Hardy's acting and face here. While Di Caprio delivers a wide spectrum of many different emotions which can be very easily read in every little movement of is face, while performing the whole time at max power and top intensity.Now the film itself, it's an imposing film. I do not believe it is a "masterpiece". But it is a good movie and kept me interested from beginning to end. Anyway the synopsis is kind of misleading. It made me believe that the WHOLE movie was about Di Caprio persecuting "those" who left him for dead, but there is no "those" and you see it immediately (so, no spoiler), there is just Hardy. And the real persecution is a very short part of the movie, it is quite predictable, and not so intense as I expected.EDIT: Di Caprio 1, Hardy 0. Sometimes the Oscars speak the truth. I told you!
평점: 10	리뷰: Awesome movie, that will surely get many Oscar awards for best actor (Leonardo DiCaprio), supporting actor (Tom Hardy), cinematography and makeup, best director and best picture, possibly costume design and editing. The bear attack scene is monumental and memorable, I do not remember having seen a bear attack described so well in all its wildness in any film or documentary. The many landscapes of wild nature are very beautiful! Leonardo DiCaprio's wounds and tormented face are so well rendered, I do not know how one can lose the Oscar for makeup. Throughout the film, Leo plays absolutely brilliant, with Tom Hardy also excellent. The movie is very well built in details, it has memorable scenes (like the one when jumping on the horse from the cliff and surviving in the freezing night that followed) and depicts very well the struggle to survive in harsh natural conditions in frontier areas in those times. Awesome cinema experience for a viewer - congratulations to the whole film crew for a job well done!
평점: 2	리뷰: This movie suffered and I suffered watching it. It suffered from repeated cliché after cliché after cliché. The characters were all one sided "bad man is bad", "good man is good", "son is ...a son", etc.Visually this movie looks amazing. Major props to the props department! I saw the trailers for this movie and thought 'wow, that looks cool!' and I was DEEPLY wrong. This movie was cringe worthy bad about rehashing all of the old tropes of the exact same movies like it. At no point did I truly not know where it was going or who was going to succeed in any goals any characters might have. I was even able to predict who would die ahead of time, I won't spoil anything because I don't have to. When you see the movie you'll say to yourself 'welp that guy's gonna die now' and he will EVERY TIME YOU SAY THAT.You can go ahead and watch the movie for yourself but I'm just saying it's not worth 2 and half hours of your time, your time is precious I'm sure. I hate that this movie was bad, I wanted it to be good constantly while watching it but it just wasn't...The only good scene in the whole thing really is one from the trailer and at the very beginning of the movie, I can't say which scene because I want this to be a 'spoiler-free' review. It's the first pivotal event in the film. Subtle enough? 2 stars for the props and overall dreary filming locations alone.
평점: 8	리뷰: A film of Sheer Class , and what you get when earth best cinematographer . director and actor get together. Its the best of a film , though the story is simple and does not have any mind blowing twist , but its the acting , the filming location, its the effort of every shot , that blow viewers mind . Specially the long shots , perfectly synchronized and well balanced , best of cinematography viewers find in any film , and yes Leonardo De Caprio , He really work hard as it look , this man surely got all the attention , his acting and presence and effort all together come out as a legendary class , He is surely remembered for his Hugh Glass time and time , and i think Inarritu done his finest job in his career .
평점: 8	리뷰: I have Watched many Hollywood films in my entire life,starting from Casablanca to the thrilling Revenant.The Revenant has the best cinematography the Hollywood has ever witnessed.The way Dicaprio lays forward his character is obsoletely marvelous....Love u man.I don't how a person can give performances like that.Forget the Oscars,you are the best actor of all time after De Niro.Mark my words,this movie is very thriller and not a waste of 2:46hrs. Movies like Shutter island,There will be blood,saving private Ryan,Gladiator and many more are the thrillers that I loved the most.But this movie..wow..way way awesome.Tom hardy ..ohh..you need to express more man
평점: 8	리뷰: A lot has been said and written about this film, mostly about its troubled production - forget all that: it has no meaning whatsoever for the experience this film provides. A word of advice though: if you go in expecting a testosterone-fueled revenge thriller in the vein of 'Apocalypto', you'll likely end up disappointed. It's simply not that kind of film - but that doesn't mean you won't enjoy it if you watch it with the right expectations.'The Revenant' opens with images from a dream; we see snippets of memories showing a peaceful life - and soon the loss of that peace, and the loss of life. The images change and we hear the soothing sound of gurgling water as we follow the camera via a long tracking shot over a flooded forest; it's an image that seems to imply peace, evoking nature's beauty with an almost meditative quality - before the barrel of a rifle appears in the frame.Those first three minutes I just described (which are the only spoilers you will get in this review) set the tone for the film perfectly. It's a film that tells a story of harrowing circumstances through images that are breathtakingly beautiful; a film about survival and death and shocking acts of sudden violence - and yet a film that, despite all its visceral intensity, also has a quiet, immersive quality to it that feels almost hypnotic.Many critics and reviewers point out the stark contrast between the film's poetic beauty and the ugliness of its violence - implying the director wants to use this contrast to make a certain point regarding mankind's interference with nature. While that would seem pretty obvious (and it probably is at least partly true), I left the film feeling Iñarritu had shown me a vaster, far too complete image of the clash between man and nature to justify such a simplistic interpretation of the events portrayed on screen. Whether intentionally or not, Iñarritu shows the star of his film with a complexity and honesty that we normally don't get to see in these kinds of stories. And I'm not talking about Leonardo DiCaprio here (who gives a no-holds-barred, crazy good performance and I'd love to see him win an Oscar for this film) - the star of this film is not a person: it IS nature, plain and simple.The revenge plot - which feels almost like an afterthought or a ploy to give the film a certain structure and a proper ending - is not really the film's main theme or strongest aspect, and it certainly isn't the reason that made this film so compelling to watch for me. Such stories have been told often enough - and often better - than in 'The Revenant'. No, what really makes this film stand out for me is that I have NEVER seen a Hollywood film (any film, really - apart from documentaries) that shows nature in such an unflinchingly honest and mesmerizing way as is the case here. And the way I perceive it, Iñarritu sees his human protagonists as being very much a part of nature as a whole - regardless of their destructive behaviour. It's that refreshingly holistic approach (which some viewers might perceive as nihilism on the director's part) that I find to be the film's biggest accomplishment: it depicts the people in this story as just another species trying to survive in that perilous frontier-world. The emphasis is not really on the moral aspects of the brutal injustice that the main character suffers or how the Native Americans are cruelly exploited; we witness all that - but Iñarritu keeps a certain emotional distance, as if he were shooting a documentary about predatory wildlife. And just like the bear's attack, most of the violence in this film comes as a reaction of defense. Be it self-defense, defending one's offspring or defending territory and valuable resources. Even the character that comes closest to an actual villain is driven by fear - not hate, and his most obvious character defects were caused by a very traumatizing experience. As in nature, there is a simple (if often brutal) logic to why most characters, men or beasts, act the way they do in 'The Revenant' (OK, maybe not the French - but I didn't say the film was perfect). And the bear attack is the most realistic depiction of an animal attack I have ever seen on film.All in all, this film feels less like a story of revenge and more like an ode to the visceral beauty of nature and the relentless, savage force that is life; it provides an immensely absorbing - and touching - experience to those who have an affinity for the wilderness, but it's also a visual masterpiece and a great piece of old-school filmmaking for lovers of Cinema. It's not perfect (especially during the last third of the film where I felt the pacing was a bit off), but it's a film the likes of which we will only rarely get to see - if at all - in the future. 'The Revenant' is visual poetry of the most primal kind, and it should be seen on the biggest screen possible. 9 stars out of 10 from me.Favorite films: IMDb.com/list/mkjOKvqlSBs/Lesser-Known Masterpieces: imdb.com/list/ls070242495/Favorite Low-Budget and B-Movies: imdb.com/list/ls054808375/
평점: 10	리뷰: From this Mexican director comes another masterpiece after 'Birdman' ! I particularly got in love with magnificent cinematography of this movie, which I haven't seen on any movie before. Unique long shot without cutting, close to horizon angles, super wide shots are some of the techniques that makes it different from other cinematic experiences. It sort of takes you along in the movie. The sceneries were chosen perfectly to imply the right feeling in the viewers for each episode of the movie. And at last, Dicaprio's acting is one of his best. At the end, it perfectly delivers the messages, whatever you do to others, you get the same in return!
평점: 9	리뷰: Short and simple-Brilliant!!! Iñárritu's cinematic vision is brilliant to every aspect of this movie. Each scene feels ridiculously real.The cinematography is par excellent and with all the articles about the movie being shoot in extreme conditions,Emmanuel Lubezki has pulled of a masterpiece. DiCaprio has enliven the role of Hugh glass with complete justice. Tom Hardy as a supporting cast is perfect.Will Poulter and Domhnall Gleeson were also influential in their roles. The background score has the same feel as Birdman and adds to the violence, chaos, and pain in the movie. A must watch. You will come out tantalized.
평점: 6	리뷰: StoryThe Revenant is a simple revenge drama. It is inspired by the book, of the same name, written by Michael Punk, which was inspired by the life of Hugh Glass, a fur trapper who is motivated not by revenge, as depicted in this movie, but, simply by a desire to get his furs back.But, revenge makes for a more engaging movie, or so the team that created this movie must have thought. ActingLet's first address the most important reason why this movie has been on the watchlist of the majority of the people, including me, an admirer of Leonardo DiCaprio. This is supposed to be the film that finally gets him the elusive and his first Academy Award. Like most of his movies, Leo does deliver an intense performance. Looking at it as an "individual performance" it is clearly visible that he has given it his all and put in a lot of effort, like he always does. His performance is mainly physical, as he mouths only a few dialogues, most of which are in a tribal language. Eats raw bison liver and sleeps inside an animal carcass. Such acts, require determination, not acting skills. If any other actor was to play this role, then even he would have done so. Taking all this into account, I feel that this performance is behind many of his previous and more Oscar-deserving roles. The main reason behind this is that, when you compare it to those previous ones, it becomes abundantly clear, that this performance is like a collage of some of his previous ones. From an acting point of view, he has never experimented a lot and his always restricted himself to a particular kind of serious roles, which he has undoubtedly excelled at. But , he has hardly ever done anything innovative. Unfortunately, he does the same, in this movie too and this year with other brilliant performances in the mix, Leo's performance, doesn't seem like a front-runner, who deserves to win, now.The star for me was, Tom Hardy, as Glass'comrade, John Fitzgerald, who leaves him for dead, kills his half-Indian son, and robs him of his furs. He is the most gifted actor of his generation and he puts his acting skills on display, yet again.He perfects his western accent. He beautifully expresses his character's varying feelings, from the bottled frustration of staying back to look after a nearly-dead Glass; to the shock and pain of realizing when he accidentally kills Glass' son; to the feeling of paranoia of being caught for his deeds; Hardy carries himself with authority and dominates which ever scene he is in. It is unfortunate, that he is not getting as much praise as Leo, when he truly deserves more.Cinematography & Background ScoreA third consecutive Oscar nomination for cinematographer Emmanuel Lubezki— who films in such exotic areas as Chile's Tierra del Fuego and also parts of Alberta, British Columbia and Montana, seems imminent. He also deserves to win it.It is one of the 2 reasons, that raises the level of the movie and makes it a must watch on the big screen. Those beautiful mountains and gleaming rivers in the sunlight, on the big screen, will be an experience worth remembering. The background score had a raw and tribal feel to it. The most invigorating score, since The Last of the Mohicans, that is sure to pump up the adrenaline during the battle scenes and give us chills during the more tragic and sensitive scenes.DirectionAlejandoro González Iñárritu is the Picasso of modern cinema. He is a creative genius. Each and every single frame was like a beautifully and patiently drawn painting. If, Birdman (2014) was him using the camera in such a subtle way that the entire movie appeared to be like one large painting; The Revenant too is extremely realistic, although, compared to Birdman, it is much more violent and raw, which was to be expected, because of the several scenes that involved battle and bloodshed. It requires a special kind of genius to portray even such scenes, that would normally be gory, as precisely made brush strokes on a canvas. His direction complemented the cinematography, perfectly. It turned The Revenant from a 156- minute long slow period revenge drama into a visual spectacle to be experienced and remembered for the rest of our lives. If this movie deserves an Oscar, it is only for the Best Director. Mr. Iñárritu is the rarest of the rare breed of talented individuals. He is man of great vision and aesthetics, as can be seen not only by The Revenant and Birdman, but, also by the movies that he directed prior to these. His talent is to be cherished. We can expect even greater things from him in the future.SummaryThe Revenant is Alejandoro González Iñárritu's most brutally realistic movie till date. The way that he has captured the actor's performances and the beautiful landscapes, will propel The Revenant to break to great heights in the history of Hollywood. It is his direction, that puts the performances by the lead pair and every other technical element in the film, on a higher pedestal for everyone to see and admire.Kudos to him and the entire team, for shooting in such trying conditions and presenting us with an experience of a lifetime.
평점: 10	리뷰: It would be unfair to judge every movie which has ever been made before Alejandro G. Iñárritu's THE REVENANT in comparison to it. That said, THE REVENANT may indeed be the best.All of the actors have done exceptional work in this film. Leonardo DiCaprio's incredible performance truly deserves to be given the highest honors.The Cinematography is absolutely breathtaking. This film transports the viewer to the 19th century frontier. The natural landscape and lighting each play irreplaceable roles of their own.All of the intense suffering depicted in THE REVENANT has the affect of creating a deeply palpable thirst for hope.As there are no light moments or laughs in this film, relief comes only from characters who are in a position to be righteous choosing to be righteous. The characters are neither perfectly good or perfectly evil. They are perfectly human. The spirituality of the universe feels authentically depicted; absorbed into the heart it rings truthful. It is perhaps the Best Picture. Ever.
평점: 10	리뷰: It was just over a year ago that renowned Mexican director Alejandro González Iñárritu brought us "Birdman", a fantastic and audacious dark comedy that deserved every one of it's 4 Oscars which included Best Picture and Best Director. He's a filmmaker that has built up a reputation for being very nihilistic and bleak in his approach to his work, often leaving viewers feeling rather inhospitable. And whilst "Birdman" was a drastic and welcome change to his style, with "The Revenant" he has crafted a sprawling, violent and visceral epic that is an experience like no other.The film is set in the 1820's and follows American frontiersman Hugh Glass who is mauled by a Grizzly Bear whilst hunting in the frigid, mountainous landscapes. Left for dead by his fellow hunters and witnessing his son killed by one of them, he embarks on an agonizing journey through treacherous winter conditions as he seeks revenge and justice.The opening sequence sets the tone right from the off, as we're introduced to Glass through a stunning dream sequence in which his wife and son are present. Many familiar with Terrence Malick's work will immediately find semblance in the way a majority of scenes in the film are put forward; dainty close-ups projecting a wide array of human expression and emotions, and appreciation of the beautiful nature that surrounds them. Shot in pure natural light, cinematographer Emmanuel 'Chivo' Lubezki masterfully captures every facet of the awe-inspiring but harsh exterior which almost feels like a character of it's own. In a growing list of sublimely lensed films by Lubezki, this may be his most impressive and personal work to date.DiCaprio has made no secret of the tribulations that he endured making this movie, going as far as to saying that he almost died a couple of times. And watching him as Hugh Glass, it's not hard to understand why it was such a difficult shoot but which I think will ultimately turn out to be very rewarding. He immerses himself fully into the role, whether it be crawling on rough terrain, relaying maximal anguish and pain or trying escape from the glacial waters, it's a role like nothing he has ever taken on before. It's the perfect example of a part that is dependent on the actor being able to transmit their character's identity to the audience in an almost 100% physical manner. DiCaprio embodies Glass with the utmost devotion and this may finally be his ticket to long awaited Oscar glory.The rest of the cast also do very solid work. Tom Hardy's intuitive and fierce charisma jumps off the screen once again as an unhinged and villainous entity. His disheveled appearance also gave him an extra layer of cruelness. And Domhnall Gleeson, who's enjoyed a great year, ends it with another impressive turn as the stout Captain of the hunting troupe. This is not a film for the faint-hearted; it's savage and austere. Yet amongst all of the brutality, one cannot ignore the lyrical visual splendor that is present in every frame. Iñárritu isn't afraid to show his spiritual hand here; in fact he embraces it. It's a story of survival. It's a story of one being able to find peace with themselves. And it's a story of what nature means to our world and how stunning and savage it can be. "The Revenant" is a spellbinding piece of cinema.
평점: 3	리뷰: After waiting months to watch this and being very excited I feel really let down. Yeah, it was OK but not the epic story and acting that I thought it would be. I was ready for some Leo magic but it just didn't happen...first 30 minutes were great then it just went seriously downhill. It's all about the cinematography in this film and that's all. I really wanted this to be a fantastic film with amazing acting but that just didn't happen. Leo just came across as a boy (again...Titanic) - not the brilliant actor as in Wolf. I'm currently watching the hateful eight and it's not much better...really disappointed. Let's hope eddy redmayne in The Danish Girl is better...that's next on the list.
평점: 9	리뷰: To start with, a movie like this should be viewed multiple times to understand and absorb the little details the director tries to reveal. Every landscape shot, every breath exhaled, every bite taken, is all done in such a way that it flows like poetry.The plot is fairly simple, but it is the journey our hero has to undergo to seek redemption that grabs the viewers attention and demands all of it. The acting is almost perfect. The question is, what does DiCaprio has to do to get an Oscar? The director injects a little bit of mysticism in many scenes that have underlying themes that somehow relate to what the hero is going through.The movie is two and a half hours long but the time flies by because the editing compliments the story.Other aspects also help to make to make this movie great.Go see it!
평점: 9	리뷰: An exceptional work by Dicaprio and team. Way better than Star wars, hoping this performance may get Leo Oscar. Fingers crossedIt would be unfair to judge every movie which has ever been made before Alejandro G. Iñárritu's THE REVENANT in comparison to it. That said, THE REVENANT may indeed be the best.Overall, The Revenant is an incredible journey into the capacity of the human spirit and with it can endure. Inarritu and his cinematographer Lubezki have crafted a film unlike anything I have ever seen and with a performance as deeply constructed as DiCaprio it's definitely an experience I will not forget. I am going to give it a 10/10.
평점: 9	리뷰: While exploring the uncharted wilderness in the 1800s, Hugh Glass sustains injuries from a brutal bear attack. When his hunting team kills his son and leave him for dead, Glass must utilise his survival skills to find a way back home. Grief-stricken and fuelled by vengeance, Glass treks through the wintry terrain to track down John Fitzgerald, the former confidant who betrayed and abandoned him........Like some bizarre hybrid of Quest For Fire, Come And See, First Blood, and Gladiator, The Revenant may be durationaly draining, but thanks to some truly breathtaking camera-work and long shots, it's easily one of the most tense and exciting movies of the year.To say the film is grim is an understatement, you an almost feel the elements that the characters have to contend with through their quests, and although the film is brutally realistic and harsh at times, it has an almost magical, mystical element to it, as if we are seeing the film through Glasses weary, anguished, angry, near death eyes.Iñárritu proves once again that he is an amazing film maker, with an amazing attention to detail, and even though Birdman wasn't as brilliant as it thought it was, it's gimmick of appearing to have only one take, was a pretty phenomenal feat.Light on dialogue, but heavy on the visceral, there are two key scenes that make Glasses journey all the more determined. The bear attack, isn't only a brutal five minutes, only usurped by Bone Tomahawks death scene for most brutal scenes of the year, it's almost flawless with its use of effects, and the fact that it looks like its a one shot take, just adds to the awe.Secondly, Glass laying helpless, knowing that he will eventually blink, and then seeing Fitzgerald commit the most abhorrent act, Dicaprios acting here is flawless, and if he does win an award for this role, it will be for this scene alone. Never before have I seen anger, despair, guilt, hatred, and helplessness, perfectly acted without the actor uttering one syllable.Hardy too is excellent, but it wished he would have left his Bane Accent at home, it rally did take me away from key scenes.It's an unflinching movie, long shots really putting you in the middle of the film, and if this doesn't win every award going for cinematography, there is something wrong with the world.An achievement, and then some.
평점: 4	리뷰: This movie is my biggest cinematographic disappointment ever. I didn't read the book. I just saw a trailer. I love Leo. I hoped for inspiring survival and adventure movie like Apocalypto or somewhere close. But it was just nothing.I real gritty and atmospheric is all this movie offers. Gruesomeness. But even if you like that it all gets spoiled by slow hard to believe and hard to make credible story parts. It has sadistically slow pace and genuine lack of substance. Lot of grunting and moaning... And eating raw flesh. Simple, plain, pale and uninteresting plot.Also guys that get hurt like that by a bear just don't survive in the cold and without antibiotics. You just can't spend few hours soaked in cold mountain cold water up to your ears, get out, make fire in a few minutes. Screenwriters ever heard of hypothermia and wet flint? Wound infections and gangrene? His broke ankle also just disappears over night...And to end of all jokes tired like that and wounded so bad he fights with one of the toughest hunters and wins. It is infuriatingly bad just waste of time, and pile of ...If you still can't resist but watch it, don't feel guilty to walk out of theater or turn the play device off after an hour you will spare yourself and miss nothing.
평점: 7	리뷰: Hugh Glass is a military scout. With his Indian half-breed son Hawk, he serve in with John Fitzgerald, and Jim Bridger under Commander Andrew Henry, tasked to hunt animal pelts. They have to face both the Indians and the French. While hunting, Glass returns back to camp after hearing a commotion when the Indians attack. They flee to the river as the attack kills 33 men. Fitzgerald suggest a route but Glass suggest an opposite route. Henry listens to Glass and they rest for the night. At first light Glass goes ahead first as Hawk remains with the company. But Glass enters a Grizzly bear's domain and gets attacked viciously. He manages to kill the beast, but his throat is injured badly, making him unable to speak. The company finds him and carries him. Fitzgerald suggests to leave Glass as apparently they can't save him. Eventually Henry gives up, but he insists that Glass die naturally, promising money for three men who stay with Glass. Hawk and Bridger volunteer, and surprisingly so did Fitzgerald.But Fitzgerald gets impatient, offering Glass a quick death if he just blinks. Glass closes his eyes for some time, and when he opens them Fitzgerald considers it as blinking then tries to kill him. Hawk catches Fitzgerald and the two struggle, but eventually Fitzgerald kills Hawk. Bridger comes and Fitzgerald convince him to bury Glass alive in a shallow grave. He stops as Glass is neck deep. Glass crawls out of his grave, surviving on eating bits and pieces until he can stand again. Able to walk, Glass meets an Indian man carving meat from a dead beast. Glass begs for some and the man gives, but he faints after eating. The Indian is actually pursuing his daughter Powaqa's kidnappers. He helps Glass after he explains his ordeal. The man builds Glass a makeshift shelter when they face a blizzard. When Glass wakes up the man has gone. Glass finds a French trappers' camp, and waits until nightfall then readies to steal a horse. A French man brings an Indian girl and rapes her near Glass. He rescues the girl and they escape on a stolen horse, but Glass dropped the flask Bridger left him.The girl leaves Glass and The French pursuers catches up on him, so he runs off of a cliff, killing his horse. As another blizzard looms, Glass removes the horse's entrails and use the carcass as a cocoon. One of the French wanders into Henry's fort, bringing the Bridger's flask. Henry wonders if it's the missing Hawk, so they set out to find him. They instead find Glass himself. Henry rides back ahead but Fitzgerald had already gone with the company's money. Glass reveals the truth, asking supplies to hunt Fitzgerald. Henry goes with him. As Glass spots a camp's smoke in the wilderness, he and Henry check it out from opposite directions. But Henry meets Fitzgerald, who then kills him. Glass finds the body and uses it to lure Fitzgerald out. He succeeds and they fight a bloody melee. Glass finally has the upper hand and readies his killing blow. But he spots a band of Indians up the river and remembers the words of the previous Indian man that revenge is in God's hands, and he lets Fitzgerald floats on the current to them, who kills him.Another great movie this month, The Revenant (2015) is full of great work in acting, directing and effects. The story is like other revenge movies, although I don't think the movie was clear enough at it. There's a lot of unnecessary footage if we see it story-wise. There are quite a lot of other story elements which are not concluded in the end.But I must say again that the movie is a gem technical-wise. It's a beautiful sight to see. Inarritu was very kind in supplying us with another trick up his sleeve. Here you see a lot of mind bending close up shots of crazy stunts. They are enabled by the help of moving camera and impeccable timing execution that lets it require less editing.There are many moments where the movie builds up suspense with the camera closing up on the actors, pans away, rotates to view the surroundings, and suddenly we have them getting shot at point blank. The special effects are done well that the stunts achieved their intended effect. Many times I was left behind as I was wondering how did they rigged the stunt that just happened when suddenly the movie just shoves another crazy stunt in my face.The cinematography is great. Emmanuel Lubezki is really looking like he's aiming for another Oscar. Aside from the great job on the main story elements, there are also very pretty photography in this movie. Lubezki did a great job in capturing the spirit of the location to insert into the movie.The acting overall is just superb. Leonardo DiCaprio did great in handling the dominant focus his character has as the entire movie mostly centers on Glass. Tom Hardy managed to bend himself into yet another believable character, despite the original reasoning of his apathy to Glass' ordeal remains unclear. Domnhall Gleeson's star is clearly rising steadily, as he secured roles in three acclaimed movie this year so far; here, Star Wars Episode VII, and Ex Machina. Will Poulter nicely adds depth to the whole story, as with the native American cast.For me The Revenant (2015) deserves a 7 out of 10 score. It would have been more enjoyable for the ordinary people if there's less duration that only contains silence. I did enjoy the movie though, yet I don't think many other ordinary people will too.
평점: 9	리뷰: Seems like G. Iñárritu didn't have enough attention with his previous film "Birdman", because he came up with an angrier, stronger and more daring masterpiece."The Revenant" is based on the true story of American explorer Hugh Glass, who was left for dead after being attacked by a bear and later seeks for revenge.First, Leonardo DiCaprio. This is possibly his best role to date, you can see how he has matured as an actor, every minute he's on the screen he shows us human instincts beyond his own limits. Tom Hardy is also a great addition as the main antagonist.I'm not going to spoil anything, but the storyline is good as well (even if it's not 100% accurate). The script and characters were superbly developed and the pacing was well-crafted. The bear scene is one of the best sequences I've seen in a long time. Every shot of the film is given by huge technical effort. Finally, the cinematography by Emmanuel Lubezki is another Oscar- worthy work. Using nothing but natural light, the image of the film is sometimes beautiful and sometimes haunting."The Revenant" is one of the best films of the year, with a well- written script, intense and visceral sequences, and an excellent cinematography. This gives DiCaprio, Iñárritu and Lubezki another shot for the Awards Season.
평점: 7	리뷰: It has been written, in the past, that all works of drama consist of only a few concepts. Whether it is true or not is not something that I've considered until now; now being because of some event that kindled a past education. Such is this film.It is Man against Man. It is Man against Nature. And, it is Man against Self. Is there another that I am forgetting? If there is another, hopefully by the end of this, I will have realized.Leonardo vs. Tom, that is Man against Man.Leonardo vs. Bear, that is Man against Nature.Leonardo vs. The Elements, that is Man against Self.
평점: 8	리뷰: I love that this film allowed us to see things from the Native American's perspective as-well, and not just the New-American hunting teams perspective. What many movies lack nowadays is the ability to really showcase character development, though I feel this movie succeeded in this. If you can grow attached to a certain character in a film, then the development of that character is portrayed correctly. I like that. Leonardo DiCaprio is my favorite actor of all time, because he is able to smash any role he plays with pure believability. I haven't seen all of Leo's films, but my favorite performances of his were from the movies "The Wolf of Wall Street", "Inception", "Shutter Island", "Blood Diamond" and now my all time favorite performance of his is "The Revenant"; he absolutely dominated this role! His ability to portray a character with such depth is stupendous. He has previously played many good character rolls, yet no Oscar; if he doesn't not get an Oscar from the most in-depth character yet, then I have no idea how he will ever get an Oscar.. Give this man and Oscar already! HE DESERVES IT! 10 TIMES OVER!I'm not usually one for slow paced films because they tend to drag on and on for eternity, but for the slow paced film this was, it was very intriguing. I love a film that can capture you in the moment and really bring you in on their story. Although, I do believe The Revenant ended prematurely. Though this movie goes for 156 minutes, I feel as if an extra 10-15 minutes could have been added to create a superb ending, making for a near perfect film. If you struggle to stay enticed by a slow paced film because it doesn't have fast pace action and/or story movement, then I recommend you steer clear of this movie because it's most likely not for you. For those who don't mind if a movie is slow paced because it has a phenomenal story build-up and admirable character development, then I'd recommend the watch!8/10
평점: 8	리뷰: Truly harrowing! I think that's how one would describe this roller coaster ride of one's doom back up from hell as an avenger only to fall and rise once more! Two times at deaths door, two times returned on a mission as the avenger. A man forced to watch them kill his son while he lay helplessly injured, yet conscious. Buried alive and left for dead he was forced to claw his way out of his own grave. Slowly healed over time each day he was kept alive, fuelled only by his endless rage.This movie should do it for Leonardo in the Oscar department. He really did an awesome job acting as Hugh Glass. The role fit Leo well, and the desperation, hopelessness and endless pain transports you into the film like none other Leo has ever done. I think I could even watch this one a second time down the road!This movie will definitely knock some awards out of the park! The feeling of desperation oozes out of the viewers pores. The soundtrack, something often overlooked- awesome, just instills a melancholy setting that is part and parcel for The Revenant.Bravo on this movie sirs! Truly a masterpiece.
평점: 3	리뷰: First, let me dispense with the good. The scenery is stunning, vivid, real; truly awe inspiring. The scenery is committing a faux pau, by "Chewing the scenery" in this film. Revenant is Inspired by true events, true events that might have been exciting to children in 1890 perhaps. The true story is yawn inspiring. A 19th century fur collector is left for dead by his friends after being eviscerated by a bear, quite reasonably I might add, considering medical technology at the time. The erstwhile appetizer for a bear is outraged that they took his gun and kit, so he crawls back to the fort and confronts his former friends and gets his gun back. No one dies, until a decade later the Indians finish off where the bear left off. End of story. How exciting, says my 95 year old Grandfather, who considered watching paint peel entertainment in 1927. Well.... Hollywood has to spice the story up and make it something more worthy of Leonardo and Tom. After all both men can and have done solid work, so certainly they need the plot to have a little more vim and verve to it. How do you do it? It's tough.... after all in real life the only homicidal actor in the whole event was the damn bear. So Hollywood gives Leonardo a son who tags along on his Dad's fur trapping adventure. Better yet Hollywood lets Tom Hardy eviscerate said son far more effectively than the bear could Leonardo and as a cherry on top, let's the helplessly wounded Leonardo watch his son die hard. There you have it. Leonardo now has the will to live, if only to treat Tom Hardy to the feast of wounds the bear subjected him to. Thus begins a two hour epic journey of revenge that leaves you wishing that the bear and Indians had just killed all the actors at the beginning of the film. The only truth in the whole movie is spewed by Hardy as he dies, when he grimly tells Leonardo that killing him won't bring his son back, nor alas our wasted three hours. In the end I am glad they spiced up the historical events, because as I said from the start, said historical events were boring and needed some steroids. However, it's a one dimensional movie dominated by the scenery and the facial expressions Leonardo and Tom make throughout the film. We needed more bear....
평점: 9	리뷰: After giving us a Masterpiece & Winning The Academy-Award for Best Director, Picture & Screenplay in Birdman, Alejandro G. Iñárritu returns on celluloid with 'The Revenant'. And the master storyteller triumphs again! Let me inform you: 'The Revenant' is NOT Meant For The Faint-Hearted. This is a brutal, unforgiving, hardcore film about survival & revenge. This a story filled & driven by blood & bruises. But if you are thick-skinned, don't dare to miss this one. This is filmmaking at its most creative & most relentless. 'The Revenant' Synopsis: In the 1820s, a frontiersman named Hugh Glass sets out on a path of vengeance against those who left him for dead after a bear mauling.Inspired by the life of frontiersman Hugh Glass, 'The Revenant' is ideally a vendetta fare, that's been shot so gorgeously, you forget you're watching a story thats been depicted on celluloid an endless number of times. Iñárritu creates a World of violence in the wild, where people are butchered, the animals are ferocious than ever. Watching the protagonist struggle after a brutal bear mauling (Which by the way is a Frightening Sequence), is often difficult to watch, as he struggles & how. But at the end, Justice is served & the dramatic climax leaves a superb impact.Mark L. Smith & Iñárritu's Screenplay is unforgiving. Its a survival tale with vendetta as its wallpaper. The wilderness & the violence have no end here & the narrative remains strong, despite its predictable storyline. Iñárritu's Direction is Masterful. He has handled the film with breath-taking ambition. Emmanuel Lubezki's Cinematography makes 'The Revenant' a visual marvel. The Two-Time Back-to-Back Oscar-Winner has captured every frame, with such beauty, you almost feel you're in the story. A Third Oscar? Well, why not!Stephen Mirrione's Editing is sharp, although the film tends to drag a bit & is a bit too long (157-minutes). Some trimming would've only enhanced the impact more. Ryuichi Sakamoto, Alva Noto & Bryce Dessner's Score is brilliant. Art & Costume Design are flawless. Action- Sequences are raw & brutal. CGI is perfectly done.Now to the Performances! 'The Revenant' features Two of the Finest Actors of their generation coming together: Leonardo DiCaprio & Tom Hardy. And they more than rise up to the occasion. Leo is phenomenal as the struggling protagonist, who must avenge the death of his son & bear any numbers of consequences that come his way. Its a committed performance, that has great layers. Hardy is despicable as the chief villain, delivering a marvelously evil performance, that haunts you. Of the supporting cast, Domhnall Gleeson stands out with an impressive act.On the whole, 'The Revenant' is Visually Dazzling, Fabulously Acted & Impeccably Made. A Must Watch!
평점: 6	리뷰: I had big expectations for this movie ! It has a big star starring in it , a big artistic director , a good concept and story , but it lacks the most important thing ; it lacks the SOUL .. !! It's a very slow paced movie , no thrill at all , I mean Leo is a good actor , but acting is not only about being on the screen ALONE most of the time , crawling , moaning and grunting without any interactions with the surroundings or other people... Other thing is that , there is nothing at all would make me love the character , why would I believe in a man who is seeking revenge for the death of his son , while I didn't feel that the father is loving the son actually , he didn't say once that he loved him , even the dialogues between them are very cold , come on , he didn't cry when he died ! I would say that the only thing that is good is the picture and the cinematography itself ...Otherwise , Leo , sorry bro , no Oscar this time ...
평점: 10	리뷰: The Revenant is one of the best movies as far as cinematography goes.The natural shots they were able to take are amazing and mesmerizing.The visuals are beyond perfect and that "Bear scene" is so great that it's hard to believe how they were able to do it.The movie is gritty and also intense while still being very interesting and gorgeously shot with top notch performances and directing. Leonardo DiCaprio gives one of the best,if not the best performance of the year by a male in a leading role and I truly hope that this time he actually gets to win an Oscar for this.He's so committed to the role and it shows especially in some of the more brutal scenes. Tom Hardy also nails the role perfectly and gives almost an equally great performance as Leo.His voice is weird though but by now we're used to him having different voices on different roles,even though sometimes is hard to understand what he's saying. It does get brutal though and some of the things that the characters have to do to survive are beyond disgusting but reasonable and understandable for the situations they're in. The soundtrack is also very good but it's not what you take away from the movie the most,because the amazing cinematography and the style of the movie,the direction that Alejandro G.Iñárritu goes including here the two amazing performances of the leads are what you take away the most about this amazing cinematic achievement. At 153 minutes it is a bit too long but that doesn't take away from the movie that much because this still remains as one of the best movies of the year with some of the best performances,cinematography,visuals a really good score and memorable scenes that are bound to stick in your mind for a long time after.
평점: 1	리뷰: OK..... where to start.... If you know nothing about movies and have no prior history of film history, then you'll think this is an awesome, gripping and original movie.... But.... if you've seen Jeremiah Johnson, A Man Called Horse, Dances with Wolves, .... and can place them in context/their time you can cleary see this script is a total ripoff of those movies (eventhough it seems to be based on a book) and only has the great camera-work going for it. Those other movies were groundbreaking and had phenomenal actors. This one is not, but young moviegoers will probably be fooled. DiCaprio really tries to prove himself as a great actor in this movie, I'll give him that.... but he fails miserably.... proving he doesn't come close to the likes of Robert Redford, Newman, Brando,.... not by a long shot... Christian Bale might have kicked ass in this role though.... And the worst of all, I kid you not, without giving a spoiler away, there's an entire scene that comes straight from The Empire Strikes Back!!!!! Watch the movie and you'll see, it's so obvious.....At least they should have made some "Thanks to" or "Inspired by viewing".... acknowledgments...Sorry, but no thanks. the movie as such was certainly not bad if you don't take the above into account, but doesn't stand by its own at all and is just a mix of great (old) movies ripped off without giving them the merrit they deserve. No thanks..... On the bright side, Domhnall Gleeson and Tom Hardy were excellent.
평점: 5	리뷰: I have to say, I didn't know much going into this movie, besides the fact that it was set sometime in the past, possibly. Or the future, dystopian? No idea. The trailer was slow, with DiCaprio dragging himself through countless acres of backwoods forest, as a slow heartbeat keeps time. I was ready for this movie.To be perfectly honest, I love all the Academy Award movies. I watch them all as soon as they are made available, make my own predictions and prepare myself for the inevitable. Surely THIS is the year Leonardo DiCaprio earns one, right?Marvel as an unwashed DiCarprio drags himself through countless minutes of winter wonderland forest, with minimal dialogue and lots of people and animals dying. Really, was that last horse dying necessary to the plot of the movie? Come on now. I love all types of movies, blood and guts, plenty of animals being dead, but this seems a bit over the top.You know why DiCaprio never wins an Oscar? Because with every movie I see him in, I don't feel like I'm being immersed in his films. You are always aware of Leonardo DiCaprio in all of his movies - and that makes it difficult to give him an Oscar. He doesn't fade into any story that he plays in, becoming the character fully. In all honesty, I like Tom Hardy's performance a lot better, and I expect that he will win the Oscar for best supporting actor/actress in a movie. His performance is top notch, the accent thick, and the character 100%.I love DiCaprio's movies, and we have high hopes for the young man. But this movie isn't it.
평점: 9	리뷰: Taking a look at online news sites,I noticed a story about an "infamous" scene where Leonardo DiCaprio fights a bear in his new film,which led to me getting ready to go bear hunting with DiCaprio. The plot-1823:Losing half their men in a surprise attack from the Ree Indians during a hunt for wildlife pelts,the group find themselves being slowed down by experienced hunter Hugh Glass,who along with the attack from the Ree was also badly hurt from a sudden attack from a bear.Wanting someone else to get their hands dirty,the leader of the gang decides to leave Hugh behind with Jim Bridger and his son Hawk Glass who are told that they will be rewarded for killing Hugh. Doubting the boys,fellow outlaw John Fitzgerald gets the leader to give him permission to stay.Once the rest of the gang have faded away,Fitzgerald starts trying to kill Hugh. Desperately trying to save his dad,Hawk fights back but is killed by Fitzgerald.After killing Hawk,Fitzgerald believes Hugh is minutes from dying,so he decides to leave him for dead.Shaken out of his near- coma like state by seeing the dead body of his son on the ground,Hugh Glass pulls his broken,torn legs off the ground and sets his sights on getting revenge on everyone who left him and his son behind. View on the film:Gliding along the battle fields,co-writer/(along with Mark L. Smith) director Alejandro González Iñárritu & cinematographer Emmanuel Lubezki immense the viewer in a harrowing world,as tightly coiled tracking shots pick up the sliver of blood dripping out of Glass,with Iñárritu lingering on each aftershock that Glass suffers from every stabbing and bullet wound.Firmly holding on to the belief of filming in real locations and using nothing but completely natural light, (which led to the movie taking months longer than expected to be filmed,with crew members quitting over the delay) Iñárritu shows that all the trouble was worth it by using the natural locations to give the title an extraordinary rustic beauty.Iñárritu releases the delicacy offered by the location in a precise manner,as lone flickers of light from the trees keeps Glass from sinking into the freezing river and endless blizzard.Finding darkness in the beauty of the location, Iñárritu brilliantly stabs the delicate appearance of the location with a blunt-force documentary intensity,which goes from a breathtakingly brittle bear attack,to the blood of Glass & Fitzgerald splattering against the camera.Partly adapting Michael Punke's novel,the writers offer a brief glimpse of the wild west sunset by giving Glass's relationship with his son a touching tenderness which haunts the entire film.Pulling the knife out of the "traditional" glamorous aspects of the revenge tale,the writers drive their Western into a decaying Film Noir world,where every step Glass takes for revenge leads to him losing pounds of flesh as his torn apart heart struggles to survive in the dead to the wild wilderness he has been left in.Pulling the "challenges" he had with Iñárritu onto the screen,Tom Hardy (who during a heated "debate" wrestled with Iñárritu!) gives a chilling performance as John Fitzgerald,whose icy eyes are peeled away by Hardy to reveal a blood-drenched psychopath,with each gruff line Hardy drags out displaying Fitzgerald's complete lack of soul.Taking on the role with a seriousness which led to him eating raw animal meat (despite being vegetarian) and sleeping inside an animal carcass, Leonardo DiCaprio gives an extraordinary performance as Glass,thanks to DiCaprio keeping the memory of Glass's son buried right at the centre of his heart,which stays burning as every other piece of Glass's heart is ripped,chewed and spat out,with DiCaprio making each of Glass's shaky steps hit the ground like concrete,as Glass begins his walk for revenge.
평점: 8	리뷰: The Revenant relates the story of a fur trapper left for dead by his team following a fight with a bear. The film is about his battle for survival in tough wintery conditions, and his quest to avenge the death of a loved one.What I enjoyed: - This movie is gorgeous. Nature (fauna and flora) plays a big part in the film, and is beautifully represented on the screen. I wouldn't mind re-watching it on mutewell not the whole 156 minutes though; - Tom Hardy's performance. I felt that he stood out from the rest of the cast. John Fitzgerald (his character) is hard to define. You want to hate him, but soon realise that maybe he is not that much of a monster; - Nice score. It tied in seamlessly with the movie.What I liked less: - The film felt unnecessarily long. I think a number of scenes could have been shorter or cut-out completely without damaging the director's work; - It is fairly predictable. Don't expect major plot twists.Would I recommend it? Absolutely. The very realistic "Man vs Bear" scene, the cinematography and Hardy's character are worth the ticket price in my opinion.
평점: 8	리뷰: Leo Di Caprio stars as Hugh Glass, a man who survives a grizzly attack, falling down a waterfall, an attack by the Indians and falling down a cliff (while on his horse) just in order to get back at Fitzgerald(Tom Hardy). This being a Hollywood film, it's not very hard to guess who will have the last laugh, in spite of all the obstacles that one could only survive in CGI. And don't even get me started on Glass' ability to miraculously recover from each near- fatal injury in no time and just keep crawling and panting through snow and ice. Even if one looks past all that (if you want real life, you don't go to a cinema in the first place anyway), the other flaw of the film is that you don't really feel anything for the characters. With everything favoring your sympathies for Glass, he doesn't pull it off, since he hardly say anything for the whole duration of the movie, and his relationship to his son doesn't come off as emotional/warm enough in order to justify going through so much effort to revenge his death. That being said, there's one thing though that I enjoyed immensely- the breathtaking photography that makes you easily fall in love with Canadian forests and mountains. If you ignore the ridiculous plot, this comes off as a true love letter to the marvels of nature and its cruel beauty.
평점: 9	리뷰: This skyrocketed straight into my top 3 movies of the year and was a great experience all around.First of this was a great story dealing with a survival story fueled on revenge when a personal injustice occurs. The set pieces look amazing but also gives you a good picture on how cold and desolate this place really is that there all struggling thru.It goes from bad to worse when the main character gets attacked by a bear and is severely wounded by that. While to sick to move he witnesses his son getting killed over racial differences and he himself is left for death.Barely recovered he goes after the killer and will do anything to survive so he can avenge his son's death. Writing it down like this it seems very "black and white" but there are a lot of Grey areas but they are more subtle like in facial expressions or things not said.I got in to the movie pretty fast and was somewhat surprised it has a 2 and a half hour running time because the time just flew by.Highly recommend it.If you haven't seen it,go watch it now.An awesome western/adventure.
평점: 10	리뷰: I have no intention repeating what other reviewers have said about this film, but I do want to chime in with an often overlooked aspect of The Revenant - cinematography.First of all, the whole film is shot on digital 65mm Arri camera with not a single medium or telephoto lens. Everything is shot with wide angle lenses and the framing is done basically by moving the camera either further away or very, very close to the main actors.This super-close framing combined with wide angle lenses creates an incredible immersive effect, where you simply cannot help but physically feel the cold, the water, the dirt, the blood splatter, the nature. Many times during the movie the lens itself gets splashed in blood or dirt, it fogs up from the breath of the protagonists or even gets kicked during fight scenes. Also, the faces are so close they get distorted from the wide-angle lenses, which in turn creates an even greater effect of honesty. There are no masterfully lit beauty shots here. Instead, it's all very, very, very rough and very real.Also, the movement of the camera is incredible. The huge sweeping 360-degree vistas right in the middle of massive combat scenes create the effect of the viewer being "in the middle of action", it is almost as if you're turning your head to look around. The fact that the whole movie is made with only natural light is an interesting factoid, but it's important because the DoP Emmanuael Lubezki suddenly isn't confined in his framing by where the artificial lights are placed. He's free to move any where and any way he wants and that sense of liberty is definitively something we don't get to see very often.Every one of these visual aspects add a new layer of authenticity and what you end up with is an incredible movie that can almost be described as "an experience". It's a ride that's hard to forget and is certainly something that anyone interested in film-making is going to want to take a good, hard look into.
평점: 10	리뷰: While watching movie i have been lost in that world that is what true actors like Leonardo do they don't just act they live in that role given to them.Exceptional performance from an exceptional actor...who in the world literally eats an animal liver for a movie role knowing its potentially very harmful..hats off to you Leonardo...you always take movies to whole new level with your character in movies...you always take challenging roles and work hard to fit in that role as if nobody else would have acted better than you for such roles,every single movie of you is a masterpiece and just because of your hard work and talent and that's why i say you may or may not deserve Oscar but Oscar truly deserves you....:)
평점: 5	리뷰: Recipe for a hit movie nowadays:1) make it long, no shorter than 2.30 hours 2) put some philosophy and self-criticism in it 3) make it so serious that not even a single laughter or joke is heard 4) compose depressive soundtrackI am giving 5 stars for successfully and realistically shot scenes, that's it. Attack of the bear looks so real as well as the fight scenes.Plot is so simple and static that what receives your attention most becomes never-ending and boring winter scenes and you literally get cold seeing them on snow for 2,5 hours.Despite visual success, another pointless movie from the director and leonardo.
평점: 1	리뷰: Leonardo DiCaprio is basically just screaming at this point in life. The movie stunk. I think people forgot that movies are supposed to be enjoyable. Even though things keep happening, with Indians and fighting and killing, I didn't give a darn about the movie or anyone anyone in it. I kept looking at the time. Which dragged on and on.This movie didn't have 5 minutes of story, let alone 2.5 hours. There's one cool scene, and it lasts 3 seconds. Coolish.Don't believe the trailer. They hyped this garbage up, and put in a plot, but there is none; just like with The Grey. You want to see it because of Leonardo Dicaprio. Do yourself a favor and cry yourself to sleep instead.
평점: 7	리뷰: 'The Revenant' is unlike any movie you will ever see. It is an absolutely breathtaking film about one of the most insane human feats ever. The film is all about a man by the name of Hugh Glass. A man that survives a bear attack. A man that then crawls and limps his way 200 miles after the man that slaughtered his son before his very eyes. Saying that this man is hardcore is an understatement. What he endears is a testament to how resilient the human spirit can be. So who better to play him than the legendary Leonardo DiCaprio. This could very well be the film that finally gets him that coveted golden statue at the Oscars this February. Aside from the insanity that is this story and Leos superb performance, this film has a lot to offer. Most noticeably is how the film itself looks. Shot in all natural light, 'The Revenant' is able to bring a sense of realism that few films have achieved. It's a beautiful film to behold that effortlessly sucks you into its world.Honestly, if I were to rate this film from a technical stand point it would most definitely receive a perfect rating. Everything done behind the camera is flawless. The standout being Inarritu himself. There are some scenes in this film with so many moving parts it's a wonder how he is able to control them all. We have fights between white men and Indians that flow so naturally that you can practically feel like you're there. Yet I found myself ultimately disappointing with this film. Perhaps this my fault. Coming straight off 'Birdman' I found the next film that Inarritu was making and kind of went crazy. I saw this films story line along with the director and all star cast and have been losing my mind waiting for it ever since. I held this film up like many people were doing with 'The Force Awakens'.That being said, as I watched I found some very obvious mistakes. The film never felt like it quite made it to a final draft. The problem with this film is that we don't learn one single thing about our main character. He is certainly the most determined human being of all time but what do we really learn about him? There seems to be nothing making him a man other than a convoluted back story with a side of vengeance. There is so few character traits that we can actually point to that make him human.This makes the lengthy two and a half hour run time drag at times. He tries to survive then runs from Indians over and over and over again. There is a point where this just isn't exciting any more. And it left me longing for some actual character moments from him. In fact the only characters we really get to know aren't in the film all that much. What's stranger is that, through the entire run time, a tribe of Indians is on his tail for absolutely no reason. Yeah they are looking for a stolen girl but why on earth are they following the company that they demolish at the beginning of the film? Obviously she isn't with them so why on earth didn't they investigate literally anyone else?The subplots in this film made so little sense that switching back to our relatively bland main character came as a breath of fresh air. The film never really felt like it was fully thought through. There was so many things that didn't add up that following the repetitive journey of DiCaprio became, at times, a strain. But somehow, it remains a good movie. It's gritty, hard to watch, but most of all an absolute spectacle and landmark in film making.
평점: 10	리뷰: Finally a movie worth writing a review about, I give this movie 10 stars for the following reasons. The acting was stellar, Leonardo and tom's best acting thus far. The cinematography is absolutely breathtaking, you actually feel like you're there, you can almost smell the ice and mud. I felt transported back to the 1800's. This story is about frontiersman, Hugh Glass, who get's gravely injured and left for dead by his comrades. What comes next is a tale of survival, tears, pain and the ultimate revenge , What a combo!From beginning to end I was at the edge of my seat. I even caught myself holding my breath a few times. There are a few scenes not for the feint of heart so children beware! I foresee many Oscars for this one. BRAVO!!!
평점: 10	리뷰: Let me start by saying that I cannot believe someone actually gave this wonderful film one star in his review. That tells me that the reviewer has some sort of grudge for doing this.This movie is what cinema is all about, gripping, captivating and extremely scary in many parts. I believe this work from the wonderful director reinvents the adventure/survival/revenge genre. My jaw was on the floor several times, especially with THAT bear scene. How it was filmed to be so realistic is a mystery to me. Just wait till you see it. In all my life I have never seen anything like this, so for someone to give it a one star review leaves me bewildered and wondering what goes on in some people's minds. This is a magnificent film and I have given it ten stars for the amazing experience I had watching it.
평점: 7	리뷰: So, let me see if I got this. The film that's made Leo a star should have taught him that it's just impossible for a human to stay in the ice cold water for longer than a couple of minutes: because of the body temperature decrease, one's blood vessels contract so much, the heart is no longer able to push through the life juice. And that's just one thing... But nah, says Iñárritu. I'm gonna have DiCaprio body-raft down the freezing cold mountain river, drop down a waterfall, float some more and finally crawl ashore wearing a bear skin, which by that time should have weighed about a hundred pounds. And we know, what happens to a man enveloped in 100 lbs. of stuff in water. Those of us who have seen a single medieval knight movie know for sure: man sinks like a stone. Oh, well, says Iñárritu. That's what YOU think – and then shatters Leo's right leg. Shatters to a point when it hangs by the skin and tendon. At first Leo does take it hard – barely moves. A day (!) later he crawls, using a crutch and a tiny stick for a splint. Another couple of days pass and he is moving like a drunken hockey player, though able to avoid all kinds of unwanted encounters, gathering and hunting... Finally, perhaps, after no more than two weeks of healing, he is running, mounting a horse on a fly, spurs it frantically, in short, displays the kind of vigor rarely associated even with a perfectly healthy individual, let alone someone who's spent days under a snag in a forest But the film in itself is great. The kind of achievement which could (and should, given the amount of pure garbage on offer) cap the whole cinematographic year. What is sad though, is that my problem with 'the ballads of the strength of the human spirit' has not for the countless time been rectified. I still can't figure out how to feel about the blatant untruths the film makers utilize in order to make their characters' heroism truthful.
평점: 10	리뷰: This is a masterpiece. After watching Mad Max: Fury Road, I thought no other film would be able to top it this year, but The Revenant is right up there with it. Let me start by saying that I have not been a fan of Iñárritu in particular. His films are generally not my cup of tea –even though his talent is undeniable. This time around, however, he truly outdid himself and actually showed that he can soar at the same heights as Kurosawa himself. The Revenant is a revolutionary piece of film-making in how they managed to use natural light, breath-taking camera angles, incredible action sequences, long shots, stunning locations and previously unseen special effects. The pace, length and rhythm of the movie are exactly what they need to be for an epic tale of this magnitude. The performances by the entire cast are memorable, and Lubezki's camera-work is peerless. In short, I find it hard to recall a movie as engaging, realistic and groundbreaking as The Revenant. Beyond its technical mastery, the cast, crew and writers managed to deliver a powerful message about the power of nature, human will and love.
평점: 8	리뷰: I am a die-hard fan of Leonardo Dicaprio and was waiting long for this movie. The trailer had created strong hype for the movie. The movie is directed by 'Birdman' director Alejandro Inarritu who is known for magnificent direction. Leonardo was masterpiece as always and has not let down in this too. The story centers on Hugh Glass, a frontiersman who was left alone after bear attack and killed his son. Leo takes revenge to new style with its own survival style. This can be expected from Leo to be perfect in every condition and can do anything to draw into character. Leo's performance was outstanding and this time I hope Oscar gets to Leo. I go with 8/10 for this movie with Leo's extraordinary performance.
평점: 8	리뷰: ****May contain strong spoilers****As this movie is very different from almost everything else that is done today, it was an experience to watch it. The vast nature environment, the grueling story and the truth from the age of time makes this piece a spectacular one. Great acting, great script, great director and a splendid production blends together to make the movie and the experience a magnificent one. The violence in this movie is both haunting and realistic. Remember....it's in the beginning of the 19th century. As the story goes the picture also has some spiritual and soul searching aspects. I my own opinion, I have to say that people that claims that this movie is just waste of time and boring....sadly, they are missing the point and lacking the way of enjoying art.On the other perspective; If you want action, explosions, sex and "Hollywood-where-is-the-reality" type of movie with fast pace and impulsive rounds of shotguns....well.... this movie can be rejected. So...I can grasp where the negativity for the movie comes from.In my perspective; let this one take hold of you and make the mindfulness fill you. We have so much to learn about love and caring for one another.8,0 out of 10
평점: 8	리뷰: Oh,man... If Leonardo does not get his Oscar for this finally, I think that those people sitting there are insane!The film as a whole is good. Although it is some two and a half hours, it is not boring, but it is not really exciting either. What kept me watching it was beautiful scenery and really beautiful shots! In the beginning of the film, I had an impression that the film was shot like panoramic photography...wide angle to really capture the beauty of the scenery. And the scenery is great. I believe the film was shot in Canada... Not sure.The scene with a grizli bear...Man oh man...Was that the real bear? Whatever it is - it was impressive! As well as the dead horse scene when he sleeps inside. Brutal, powerful and at the same time beautiful! And I must say that there were so many powerful, brutal and beautiful scenes as it is the movie.My rating takes mostly into consideration how beautifully shot the film was, how good Leonardo - first of all - was and Tom too. As I said, the story and 'entertainment' were not really to my liking.Worth the watch! Hoping Leonardo to get that statue!
평점: 9	리뷰: After winning the Oscar for Birdman last year, Alejandro González Iñárritu takes the viewers into a much different setting with The Revenant. The Revenant is the story of Hugh Glass, remarkably portrayed by Leonardo DiCaprio, who is left for dead by his fellow fur- trappers after he encounters a bear which terrifyingly mauls him. The scene is undoubtedly one of the boldest, gut-wrenching and wonderfully captured scene the Hollywood has ever done.There is also a sub-plot here, which shines light on the Natives (Arikara) about how they once held all of America and are now just an endangered species on the brink of extinction as one of the natives says in the film : "You all have stolen everything from us. The land, the animals."One of the recurring theme in the movie is that how the elder member does whatever he can to protect his family. This theme is not only restricted to humans, but also to the animals which is understood when the bear slashes Glass in an attempt to protect her cubs. The skulls of the bulls, which appear many times in Glass' visions, symbolize the same theme. Bull or bison, is mostly referred in Native Indian traditions to a strong,powerful animal which never backs down from a struggle and always strives to protect it's family. Tom Hardy plays a brilliant villain, who though isn't always wrong, but has little to none redeeming qualities making him a cold- hearted, harsh and an uncompromising villain. The rest of the crew don't have major involvement in the plot but play their roles perfectly. The aspect of the movie that excels and stands out most is its beautiful cinematography. Emmanuel Lubezki has once again done an incredible job capturing beautiful imagery and landscapes completely immersing the viewer in the setting. I could feel every cold breeze as it passed, every splash of water and an overwhelming feeling after looking at the beauty of nature.In conclusion, The Revenant is a pulse pounding,absorbing and visceral journey which perfectly captures the time period and the setting. It is a pure survival story providing a simple plot which is perfectly executed with every actor playing their roles perfectly so viewers can connect to them and every shot is gorgeous enough to move the viewer inside and keep him seated for this incredibly epic and mesmerizing journey. The Revenant deserves a 9/10.
평점: 9	리뷰: I'm surprised no one mentioned the fact this film is a remake of Richard Sarafian "Man In The Wilderness" starring the great Richard Harris and John Huston. The Revenant is greatly more dramatic and graphic and Leonard DiCaprio played an excellent role. I loved the usage of real American Indians in their roles. The grizzly bear scene was beyond the best animal attack scene ever. But more credit still needs to be given to the remake. The snowy winter scene with the rough water rapids was remarkable. I was hoping for a better ending but what a saying at the end "Revenge is in God's Hands" and he slid Fitzgerald's body down to Elk Dog was revenge at it's best
평점: 9	리뷰: Much will be said about this film. Whether it is a disappointment or not. I've never been huge on Inarritu. I've always felt his films take the melodrama and contrivance way too far, even if I don't hate any of his films. The first of his that I loved was Birdman, and now I can add The Revenant as his second and his most accomplished film to date. I feel like many will not take to its pacing. It's pretty much the most plot-driven Malick film that the director himself never made. Technically it's breath-taking, with really beautiful and powerful cinematography that will surely blow you away. But then again we all knew that. If there's one aspect of the film that perhaps is flawed, it is the editing. I do feel like the transitioning of scenes at times felt a little off, and because of it the film as a whole can sometimes feel disjointed. I think this, in particular, makes the film feel like it is dragging in its second act. The biggest surprise here is how strong the actual narrative and screenplay is. I didn't know much about these people, the novel, or the plot summary of the film, but I think that the screenplay does a really wonderful job of letting us into many of these characters' heads and really permeating the entire film's atmosphere with intense psychological dilemmas that really haunt the screen. For such a physical film, it's also very much an internal one, and that essentially applies to Dicaprio as well. I've always been hit or miss with him, but this is the best I've ever seen him, and I think that's because it's a role that is totally unlike so much of what he usually does. He has to physically inhabit this character completely. He surely gives it his all, and it's visible all across his face. It's a role very much not driven by dialogue, and instead it's a completely soulful performance. If he was to win an Oscar for this, then congratulations to him because he would be completely deserving. The other standout is Tom Hardy, another actor who is usually hit or miss with me but who also delivers some stunningly good work here. He's chilling, and he should definitely be in contention for an Oscar nomination.Ultimately, this film is one that needs to be pondered more to see how it fares with time. The great thing is that, so far, I cannot recommend it enough. It's very much a humorless, miserable film, with only bad things happening to characters we care about. In that respect, similar to Inarritu's previous films, and yet none of it rang false here. It's far from perfect, it remains a daunting, exhausting, overwhelming, yet beautiful, poetic, immersive experience, and those adjectives alone make it one of the best, if not the best, films of the year.

영화제목: Lincoln
평점: 10	리뷰: What does a $50,000,000 budget give you? An Oscar (or many) of course! I DON'T DO SPOILERS...I watched a pre-screening tonight & loved it, giving it a 10/10. This film was wonderful, spot on to period set design, costuming, etc. I have to say it is a grown up movie (don't take the kids, they'll be bored). Intellectual dialog & humor only adults will appreciate. A spectacular cast of stars each deserving of an award. Serious yet full of witty dialog, especially from Tommy Lee Jones. I will admit, I had imagined Abraham Lincoln would have had a deeper toned voice, but I cleared my mind of preconceptions and enjoyed this film as Mr. Spielberg gifted us. This is a must see. This film will be released 11.16.2012.
평점: 10	리뷰: What a wonderful glimpse into the anguish he must have felt.I imagine  that Daniel Day Lewis locked himself into a room filled with history  books and took breaks only to practice walking with an elongated lope  after being chosen to play President Abraham Lincoln in Steven  Spielberg's Lincoln. Lewis not only delivers a flawless performance, he  is the President during a time when rivers of blood flow upon America's  own soil. Throughout this movie, Lincoln's 6 foot 4 frame bends beneath  the weight of the obstacles he faces: a Democratic Party firmly against  his Emancipation Proclamation, a Republican Party seeking peace, and  his wife, Mary Todd Lincoln who is still mourning the death of her son.  Madame President, as she reminds Thaddeus Stevens, is an opinionated  woman with a keen eye for the back-door deals and party politics on  both sides of the issues facing her husband. No wonder Madame President  is cursed with headaches. She is morning the loss of her son and aware  of the stakes facing the nation, her husband, and her own children.  Lincoln offers a glimpse into her life and the struggles she personally  faced. Inside chambers, the war between the parties escalates. After  filling the chambers with newspaper reporters, the Democratic Party  challenges Alexander Stephens, played by Jackie Earle Haley, to taunt  Thaddeus Stevens into saying that all men are equal. Stephens, who  believes that the Negro is not equal, challenges the usually outspoken,  Stevens. Warning that should the Proclamation pass the Negro would  demand representation in the House, the right to vote, or could  possibly even hold public office. Democrats warned the Proclamation  would open the door to women voting as well. As a woman I wanted to  stand up in the middle of the movie and shout. With regard to the  actual vote on the Amendment, Spielberg leaves little room to argue the  historical facts. Announcing each Democrat who voted either for or  against the proclamation, moviegoers need only do a little research to  confirm their accuracy. Lincoln not only recounts the facts leading up  to the signing of the Emancipation Proclamation, it offers a glimpse  into the life of President Abraham Lincoln, and the struggles he faced  both personally and politically. The actors in Lincoln deliver a  flawless performance. The storyline leaves viewers wanting to know more  about these men who shaped our history. 10 stars for a brilliant must-  see movie.
평점: 10	리뷰: This is my first review of a film. I had to do this, because of the effect it had on me. I went to see a screening of "Lincoln" last week, and i was wondering if Spielberg could have done it again, like he did years ago with "Schindler's List", for example. And he did it, that's for sure. That's not "Schindler's List" or "Saving Private Ryan", not even close, but this film captures wonderfully the way the director looks at that piece of history, and though it's probably not the more realistic film ever made about Lincoln (and i don't know if there will ever be one really realistic..), the movie offers tremendous performances (DDL will certainly be honored), a tremendous production design and, not less important,a great score by John Williams, once again! So,basically, i was, still, very surprised by the way Spielberg did it, because it shows a very intimate portrait of Lincoln's personality. And i warn you, this is film is for grown ups, not for teenagers looking for some kind of action war movie about leadership and honor in civil war. That's Spielberg in a kind of different but always faith full way, and i hope it earns lot of nominations in the Oscars this year, and i will not be surprised if Lincoln wins Best Picture in January.A 10/10, without any doubt ! :)
평점: 10	리뷰: Lincoln – A name I expect to hear called over and over this Oscar season.Steven Spielberg has once again brought an amazing docudrama to the big screen. This movie is based on Doris Kearns Goodwin's "Team of Rivals: The Political Genius of Abraham Lincoln". It begins shortly after Abraham Lincoln's election to a second term in office and takes us through to his assignation. The story focuses on the fight to end the civil war and pass the thirteenth amendment.Not only is the cast phenomenal, pulling the characters right of history and on to the screen, but the rest of the movie was just as well done. The sets, costume, and make-up artists all came together to turn well known actors into the historical personages they are portraying.Unless you completely skipped high school history, you probably have a pretty good idea who won the American Civil War and wither or not the 13th amendment, outlawing slavery and involuntary servitude, passed. The true art of this film is in the way it takes those topics and shows us the details behind them making a tense, suspenseful story out of a history we already know.I came away from this film, not only awed by the skill with which it was done, but with a wonderful reminder as another presidential election year comes to an end – Things do change and people can come together, cross lines and accomplish amazing things if the are willing.
평점: 1	리뷰: Last night we saw a screening of Steven Spielberg's film LINCOLN. I do not plan to see this film again; however I would not discourage anyone from seeing it. As I see it, this film is more of a tribute to Doris Kearns Goodwin's book, "Team of Rivals: The Political Genius of Abraham Lincoln", rather than the life and times of Abraham Lincoln. In LINCOLN, Spielberg, with his retinue of John Williams (film score), Janusz Kaminski (cinematography) and David Crank (art direction), gives us an alchemy of film making that simply weakens as we're made to plow through the awkwardness of Tony Kushner's wordy screenplay. Too often I had overlooked the challenges several key actors had in delivering their lines—text written more for reading rather than oral delivery. Odd that Kushner didn't do a better job of translating Goodwin's book, often criticized for being heavily researched yet depth-less in its treatment of that period.There are numerous artistic missteps that, for me, kept bringing the film down to tawdry and even boring at times. And certainly having John Williams compose a piano solo in the middle of a scene symbolizing the end of the Civil War was utterly distracting, where using a chorus softly humming could have made the same scene compelling and powerful. (He does use a chorus humming in another scene, again a misstep.)As to the acting, well, other than having to chew with overly huge mouthfuls of dialogue, I enjoyed the range of thespian theatrics. Daniel Day-Lewis as Lincoln gives a good yet measured performance, hampered at times by the "Jesus" lighting Spielberg insists is necessary. When you see the film you'll know what I mean. Actually, several actors get that treatment. To me, it's almost laughable. Sally Field as Mary Lincoln is good too, but it's the same wonderful Sally Field "acting" we see in so many of her films. Tommy Jones, as a powerful Pennsylvania Republican leader, gives another great Tommy Lee Jones performance, and for many, it will be a highlight of the film. However, for me, it's Jared Harris (Mad Men) who really shines as Ulysses S. Grant. It took me a while to see him through the make-up—which is also a star of the film—but I never got over how remarkably he brought Grant to life, and as close as the person sitting next to you in the theater. Indeed, an award-worthy performance! Having said all this, among my greatest concerns about Spielberg's LINCOLN are that it overly emphasizes the passing of the 13th Amendment to the U.S. Constitutionto free the slaves. Yet in spite of itself, in a rather disturbing way, the film promotes the idea that slavery ended in the 19th Century. And because of Douglas Blackmon's Pulitzer Prize book,"Slavery by Another Name", we now know that slavery in the U.S. continued far into the 20th Century. In fact, Blackmon details it through World War II. For me, the film loses power with its short shrift of slavery and its narrow, uninspired focus on Washington politics as usual.Finally, the most glaring flaw in my view is that Spielberg, in his seemingly obsessive zeal to further sanitize the Lincoln legend, glosses over the fact that Lincoln, aside from his reported hatred of slavery, was definitely not an abolitionist. In truth, he felt that freed Blacks should be sent back to Africa, or Central America. And he was clear that he did not want to interfere with slavery in places where it already existed.This quote is damning to the Spielberg whitewash of Lincoln: "I will say, then, that I am not, nor ever have been, in favor of bringing about in any way the social and political equality of the white and black races--that I am not, nor ever have been, in favor of making voters or jurors of Negroes, nor of qualifying them to hold office, nor to intermarry with white people; and I will say in addition to this, that there is a physical difference between the white and black races which I believe will forever forbid the two races living together on terms of social and political equality. And inasmuch as they cannot so live, while they do remain together there must be the position of superior and inferior, and I, as much as any other man, am in favor of having the superior position assigned to the white race." - Abraham Lincoln, from a speech he delivered in 1858 in Charleston, Ill.In LINCOLN, it's as if Spielberg has resurrected the old Selznick touch, but in this case it's in such a heavy-handed way, we nearly lose our passion to care. It's certainly not worthy of seeing again by this African American reviewer. Nevertheless, see it for yourself and report back. We'd like to know what you think!

영화제목: Thor
평점: 8	리뷰: Having just seen the global premiere of Thor - God of Thunder, in Sydney Australia, all I can say is ....wow! Don't worry readers I am not about to give away one single spoiler, however after some time and anticipation, Thor is a winner. Australian Chris Hemsworth graced the red carpet in all his native glory, talking up the film and his future entity in The Avengers. He was joined by Shakespeare aficionado Director Kenneth Brangh and co stars Jamie Alexander & Tom Hiddleston who plays crowd favourite Loki. Thor is a good movie, plenty of action, a lovely heroine (Natalie Portman) and some interesting sidekicks. Costumes rock, not to mention the obligatory Marvel characters making significant cameos, not just the extra scene after the credits, but within the film itself. I was a little over superhero movies recently but this is not to be missed.
평점: 8	리뷰: Thor was much much better than I expected. I didn't know if they could pull of the balance between the Norse mythology stuff and the real world Marvel Universe. I should've known better because Marvel knows their characters and knows what we want to see. Spider-Man set a new standard for the superhero film genre back in the day. Iron Man upped the ante. Thor takes the ball and runs with it and places that bar even higher. I look forward to seeing it again and know it will do well enough to be worthy of a sequel because word of mouth is going to be great. Trust me when I say Thor REALLY IS as good as Iron Man and is most worthy to be called one of the greatest adaptations ever.Chris Hemsworth as the Norse god Thor, and Tom Hiddleston as his villainous brother Loki show they have the acting ability and star quality to become mega-marquee names in the future. Marvel found two absolute diamonds in the rough. Both actors make a HUGE impression and are wonderful on screen. You knew Acedemy Award winners Anthony Hopkins and Natalie Portman would bring it but these relative unkowns more than hold their own on screen. I know the script is written mostly for them but they carry it in a big way. From what I've read, Hemsworth and Hiddleston were cast almost a year in advance of filming the story so, they had time to get into shape and do character research. They certain did these long-time Marvel greats proud. Intelligent comic-book popcorn epics are rare and this one is definitely a cut above the usual fare.
평점: 7	리뷰: In a magical realm, a war has raged between the Norse gods and a powerful enemy called the Frost Giants. These adversaries have tried to infiltrate the majestic city of Asgard, which belongs to King Odin (Anthony Hopkins). Since they were young the king taught his sons that they must never start a war but only retaliate if truly necessary. His sons are Thor (Chris Hemsworth), an arrogant hammer-wielding warrior and the jealous Loki (Tom Hiddleston). To respond to a sneak attack on the kingdom by the Frost Giants, Thor takes it upon himself to lead a group of his friends to punish the beasts. After barely surviving a deadly battle and having one of his men wounded, Thor is interrogated by Odin and banished for disobeying his father's order for peace. He is stripped of his powers and both he and his magical hammer are blasted out of the magic realm and into the real world. Crash landing on Earth, Thor is hit by the car of astrophysicist Jane Foster (Natalie Portman). She's been investigating the gateways between the real and magical worlds in the New Mexico desert. When her data is stolen by shady government agents, who have also set up a perimeter around the engraved hammer, she enlists the help of Thor to get both of their items back. Here is a film that simultaneously familiarises and dazzles us through a predictable narrative. We're so swept up by the visual exuberance that Kenneth Branagh shoots the film with that the familiarity of an ageing king and his fractured kingdom rarely troubles us. There are predictable double crosses, some romance and opportunities for redemption. It's hard to go wrong with such safe, timeless and universal material. And given the steady hand with which the epic is presented, the film engages. The kingdom of Asgard is itself a stirring and magnificent creation. It's a golden fortress and a majestic city, sweepingly built upon and viewed from across the sea. The interiors are painted with a bronze palette, only to be crusted over by frosty intruders. It's a handsome film to look at, especially in 3D, where the long shots employ some brief but noticeable touches of depth. But disappointingly as the film progresses the 3D becomes less noticeable, particular in the second half. It probably wouldn't be worth paying the extra dollars just to see the opening quarter in 3D. And the only reason for not hearing some alarm bells during an early battle is because of how booming the sound effects are. There's a slickly handled sequence where Thor and his friends take down waves of enemies, but it also suggests that the film will, like many blockbusters, turn into a big budget video game. But after this lengthy stint in the magical realm something unexpected happens: the film develops a sense of humour. One of the most enjoyable aspects of the film is when Thor finds himself in the real world, while still retaining his traditional Norse mannerisms. The fish out of water jokes work well because the scenes are actually funny and unexpected. The best of these comedic moments is shared between Thor walking into a pet store, announcing he needs a horse and in a diner where he smashes a mug on the ground demanding more drink. Pay attention for a Tony Stark reference by one of the government goons towards the end of the film and also an extra scene after the credits too. I like Hemworth's performance in the comedic scenes the best. He plays them straight and serious, as all good comedy should be. His charisma does fade in and out, flashing a smile occasionally but largely being reduced to gruff manly, measured speak. Still, his testosterone voice recalls Russell Crowe in Gladiator and he's physically adept too. It's a step up from the Saddle Club and with more opportunities to develop his performance in the inevitable sequel he'll improve. Portman has him more than covered for charisma though. I don't know what an astrophysicist is meant to sound like but she has boundless energy, with an adorable presence on screen. She's a lot of fun to watch. Hopkins has very little time and with mechanical dialogue there's less emotion to be found in his character or Thor's sidekicks. Regardless, the skill shown in the bloodless action sequences is apparent and the humour is relieving. Comic book fans and younger viewers will thrive here on a film that knows exactly what it is.
평점: 9	리뷰: Okay, so Thor is pretty darn decent. Phew. Without revealing anything regarding the plot, I'll just say that I enjoyed this film quite a lot, and would rate it above both Iron Man films, but not by too much. (If you hated them maybe just stay away from Marvel movies in general?) Very good in all areas, without achieving greatness in any sums up this movie nicely I think. Beautiful costumes and set design, solid acting all around, and much better action than recent movies have offered up. The world of Asgard has been handled wonderfully, looking absolutely gorgeous, and with all of its denizens very well spoken without their dialogue ever being as obtuse or clunky as Thor's 'Ye Olde' English has been known to be in the past. Special mention to Idris Elba for being friggin' awesome. I'm a pretty big Marvel fan, but not knowing what Mjolnir is won't harm your enjoyment of Thor to any great degree I don't think. Also, side note, I personally dislike 3D with a great, burning passion (thank you Clash of the Titans), but it is relatively well done here, never distracting from the film. I would still recommend seeing it in 2D if you can though, as it is quite dark in parts. Several parts. Bring on the Avengers!
평점: 6	리뷰: firstly the 3d conversion is utterly pointless, makes the film look very wishy washy, now to the main complaints, this is a film about a super hero, well, he is actually Thor for about 12 minutes in a two hour movie. the rest of the time is spent in utter drivel, too much time on the human characters, we see Thor fly and use his hammer in one short action sequence at the start and again another one at the end, inbetween is boring relationship stuff and not good comedy, the actors are great the look is good, but please just stick to the comics. another origins story that we do not need, i grew up loving Thor probably my favourite of the marvel heroes, and wanted to see him being Thor, for most of this movie he has lost his powers and is actually almost secondary to the story, who writes this stuff, why do we need all this backstory rubbish, Star wars showed that you could jump straight in and the audience will get it. what a waste
평점: 8	리뷰: I watched this last night at a preview screening in London.I prayed that Kenneth Branagh would learn from his mistakes with handling a big budget movie, namely his Frankeinstein. Thankfully, I am glad to say he learnt a great deal from those mistakes. Of course, this is no Henry V, this is just pure popcorn entertainment but a thoroughly enjoyable introduction to Thor for the big screen. Chris Hemsworth played the part with a lot of energy, charisma and I have to admit from a bloke's point of view, annoying good looks. Anthony Hopkins added much needed heavyweight presence as Odin but its a role he has quite frankly played a gazillion times but I never tire of it, so I'm not complaining. In a year long span of brilliantly playing vastly different roles from psychotic to swashbuckling heroine, Natalie Portman this time plays the sweet determined scientist girl who falls for the strangely mannered good looking guy. Nothing too taxing for any of them but they do give a re-assuring aura about them.The visuals were quite spectacular, mainly, the sweeping canvas of Asgard. The action scenes were also good though I thought could have been executed better with lesser use of the fast cut edit style that is too often the norm in action film these days.There is plenty of humour when Thor is on Earth but not in a put-off way as there is a suitable contrast of a serious tone with everything set in Asgard. Even though the storyline was somewhat predictable, it was still a riveting one.For those like me, who were concerned about how Thor fits into the established Marvel connected universe set by the Iron Man films need not worry. That is just another thing that Branagh and crew pulls off very well. We can now fully embrace the forthcoming Avengers where a God, a man who transforms into a giant green beast, and a man who flies in a hi tech amour suit can share the same screen. So its all coming together nicely.And make sure you stay for the end credit scenes. In case you did not know of this before, I urge you to go back to the previous films (Iron Man 1 & 2, Incredible Hulk) and watch the end of credit sequences if you haven't already. They tell a separate story strand that will culminate to a certain upcoming Marvel movie. The end credit sequence of Thor is the most fascinating yet as it actually takes a major plot development in the story strand ;) And it was the longest bloody end of credit sequence I've ever seen in any movie! One last thing, the film I saw was in 3d and once again, it practically nearly ruined all the action scenes for me. In the non action scenes, it was pretty useless and just simply made the film much darker.
평점: 4	리뷰: THOR (The God of Thunder) is the latest 3D comic book super-hero roll-out from the Marvel stables – Directed by KENNETH BRANAGH (Wallander, Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets), the film tells the story of the enigmatic, powerful, but ultimately flawed warrior godAfter peace has reigned for millennia between Asgard and the Frost Giants after a brutal war, there is an attempt made to try to steal back the Frost Giants source of power from Asgard – this ignites the fury of Thor and his buddies (the Warriors Three and Sif), who take it upon themselves to teach the Frost Giants a lesson (much against Odin's warnings)  and it all goes horribly wrong  Odin is incensed by these actions and Thor is cast out of the mythical realm of Asgard by his father and sent to live in punishment amongst humans on Earth without his super powers for his recklessness in re-igniting the ancient feudal war against the Frost Giants.Once on Earth, Thor realizes that he has lost his super-powers – and meanwhile in Asgard, Thor's adopted half-brother Loki schemes to take control of Asgard from Odin by covertly teaming up with the Frost Giants Unknown to Thor, his most dangerous adversary is much closer to home than he thinks  CHRIS HEMSWORTH (Star Trek, Home and Away (TV)) plays the title role, he should be a hit with the ladies – but his acting is a bit wooden  The only real acting of any note is by ANTHONY HOPKINS (who else?) who plays Odin the ruler of Asgard, father of Thor and his adopted brother (and nemesis) Loki (played menacingly well by TOM HIDDLESTON), and IDRIS ELBA who plays Heimdall the defender of Asgard and the Bifrost (Rainbow Bridge) is also pretty awesome RENE RUSSO plays Frigga wife of Odin, queen of Asgard, and NATALIE PORTMAN plays Jane Foster an Astrophysist and is the love interest – apparently Natalie had accepted the role before reading the script – and that doesn't say a lot about her judgement  Although it's not in the same league and certainly doesn't have the same gravitas as the recent Batman movies, THOR is basically a bit of fun ... there is no real story line of any note to worry about  it has some good effects, some comic moments, some bad acting and some of the 3D stuff works to make things interesting  so, as long as you are content to switch off thinking for a couple of hours it's a pleasant enough way to pass the time  I think THOR "should" be successful (even just for the kids toys and merchandise) and It looks very much like there will be a sequel or two in the offing – it has potential  so hopefully when they get a better story line (and maybe a different director) then this franchise may be worth revisiting  THOR was originally shot in 2D format but has since had some 3D enhancements added, and some of the 7.1 Surround Sound Dolby effects are very good.THOR is 114mins long, is an PG-13 certificate and will be on general release from Friday 6th May, 2010
평점: 4	리뷰: The first blockbuster of 2011 may be the best. They certainly set the bar very high. It's an exciting and certainly an all-around entertaining comic book adaptation. Nothing in this genre since LOTR has been any better. Everyone involved in the production should be proud to know that their movie can stand toe-to-toe with the likes of anything else that summer can throw at them.They found the perfect combination of spectacle and guts and passion balanced with the human dynamic of the character. It delivers mind-bending visuals but it still very intelligent and thrilling. How many summer films can you say that about that you've seen over the past ten years or so???? The actors REALLY brought the characters to life. It was really amazing to see it develop on the big screen. There's no doubt that Hemsworth is a star in the making and a rather astounding leading man. Thor is a dazzling example of the superhero movie done right. There were some parts in the movie where I was just blown away. This film has a depth that no one could have expected and is very impressive in scale and design.I love how the movie played out and it exceeded all my expectations. This was by far the adventure movie I've seen in years. Not too many movies continue to have character growth from start to finish but still pack in the action and heart.
평점: 8	리뷰: This MARVEL movie was satisfactory. It had humor, action and family complications. It did seem annoying at the start though. Instantly you can see that Asguard was based off the Emerald City in the Wizard of Oz and a little later, any Star Wars geek or cinema geek who sees this movie will instantly notice a scene at the start of Thor that is a total clone of the ending scene in A New Hope.Besides the clichéd start it turned out to be a good movie. It didn't feel like a MARVEL movie, but a fantasy epic that tried it's best. Me, I'm personally looking forward to Green Lantern after this one, also Captain America and Tin Tin: the Secret of the Unicorn at Christmas.I recommend Thor to anybody who's a fan of fun, comics, eye candy or just MARVEL comic fans in general will love this movie. For those of you who think this will suck, watch this and see how wrong you were.
평점: 9	리뷰: I've never read a Thor comic book, nor was I really following this movie's progression until a trailer came out. The first trailer wasn't great, but the second looked promising. I'm happy to report this film sets the bar fairly high for the rest of the comic book movies due out later in the year.The story is interesting without being overly convoluted. It starts in an unlikely spot, where we meet Jane Foster (Natalie Portman), who - along with Darcy and Erik - hits Thor (Chris Hemsworth) with her car (and more than once, as the film goes on). He's been cast out of Asgard for going against the wishes of his father, Odin (Anthony Hopkins), and picking fights with the Frost Giants. Meanwhile, his devious brother Loki (Tom Hiddleston) is plotting against him - Odin really should have seen this coming, as having two sons and telling them that only *one* can be King never ends well in these sorts of situations, does it? Aussie actor Chris Hemsworth embodies the character of Thor exceptionally. Not only does he more than meet the physical requirements, he also displays a comedic side whilst also being able to sell the more serious/dramatic moments. He's very likable in the role. Natalie Portman's Jane Foster actually isn't as dull as one might expect (given the typical 'love interest' roles that have come before in other comic book movies). Jane has a sense of humour/lighter side than most, thankfully not being dead serious all the time. She's ably supported by Stellan Skårsgard (this is the first time I've liked him in a role) and Kat Dennings (who steals every scene she's in as Darcy). While it would have been easy for the scenes set on Earth to feel slower and more boring than those set in Asgard, it's these three human characters and their interaction with Thor that keeps their scenes entertaining/interesting. There is much humour to be found in the fish-out-of-water situation that Thor finds himself in. The relationship that develops between him and Jane isn't over-done, thankfully, and where we leave the two of them at the end of the film might not be quite where you expect.Thor's allies back on Asgard prove interesting as well. His friends - referred to at one point as "Xena, Jackie Chan and Robin Hood" (not to mention a guy who looks like a taller version of Gimli from LOTR) aren't just one-dimensional characters. They're actually developed well and you grow to like them (I especially liked the scene where they found Thor on Earth and reunited with him) - so much so that you actually care if they're killed by a big metal energy beam-shooting Destroyer (the noisiest damn thing I've heard at the cinema in a while). Anthony Hopkins commands attention every time he's on screen as Odin. Although he spends most of the movie out of action. Loki, meanwhile, is an okay villain, but apart from the occasional shout-y mouth movements, I didn't find Tom Hiddleston to be that memorable. I think his helmet left a bigger impression than he did.What the film excels at is the visuals. Asgard is truly a wonder to behold - there's a rainbow bridge, the city looks like a big golden pipe organ, and the way they travel to Earth is really something. Then there's the fights Thor gets into. Everything from fearsome battles with Frost Giants on Asgard, to rough and tumble fights in the mud with humans on Earth, to taking on that Destroyer, and finally his inevitable fight against Loki at the end. The film certainly has no shortage of fight scenes, each one different from the last and well-done. And when Thor uses his mighty hammer, Mjolnir (best. weapon. EVER.), it's quite a sight to behold.Kenneth Branagh's direction is a large part of what makes this film so good (even if he tends to be a bit too fond of tilted angle shots). The costumes look great, and the movie manages to make them - as well as the Frost Giants - not be laughable in appearance. Apart from the look of the film, what also helps make it feel epic is the score. The music adds SO much and is very memorable (along with a rockin' end credits song). Speaking of the end credits, as with previous comic book movies, make sure you stay until the very end, as there's an extra scene.For a film I hadn't given much thought to, I was very surprised to find myself thoroughly enjoying Thor. It's a comic book movie that stands out from a lot that have come before, and is a genuinely entertaining movie on all accounts. Green Lantern and Captain America have their work cut out for them, matching Thor for sheer entertainment value when they are released later this year. As you might expect, the film leaves room open for a sequel, as well as promising that Thor will return in The Avengers, and I for one can't wait to see more of ol' Blondebeard.
평점: 10	리뷰: Going to see this film i had very mixed expectations. I liked the costumes and look when viewing the trailer however i thought the acting looked forced and i thought the trailer gave too much of the plot away. However most of my fears were put to rest when the movie started. The tone of the film was excellent and pulled off the mythological themes well. Odin looked great and Anthony Hopkins gave a good performance, as did Natalie Portman who gave her usual high standard. Tom Hiddlestone did excellent as Loki, it was amazing to see him come alive from the comic book. The star of this film though is Hemsworth I was so ambivalent regarding his performance coming into the film. But he exceeded my expectations and lived up to how I envisioned Thor would look, act, talk and fight. All the while I was thinking how awesome he would be clashing so glaringly alongside Tony Stark, Bruce Banner, and Steve Rogers. I am pumped for the Avengers! The bad though is the plot is a little unambitious and his time on Earth needed more time to develop. All in all the tone of the film was excellent and gave us a Superhero film that did not cause any huge revelation in the way Superhero films should be done, it did give us another fresh revised feel to the genre much like Iron Man did back in 2008.
평점: 7	리뷰: Given his Godly nature, Thor could have easily been the most difficult member of The Avengers to translate to screen. Any fears have soundly been laid to rest though, as Kenneth Branagh and his team have pulled together several interpretations of the character, to create perhaps the most definitive version of Thor yet. Despite a somewhat information laden opening, the backstory of Thor (Chris Hemsworth) and the family dynamic between his father Odin (Anthony Hopkins) and jealous brother Loki (Tom Hiddleston) is fantastically realised, in a beautifully architected Asgard. Simultaneously seeming archaic and futuristic, Asgard perfectly fits the film's ideology that magic and science are one in the same, something that I think will translate perfectly as the Marvel films start to more deeply explore the other worldly nature of the Marvel Universe. The marketing boys did a grand job of not letting on just how much of the film is set there and the production team created a breathtaking realm through a combination of CGI, outlandish sets and costumes.The film is at it's best when the father-son triangle relationship is being explored, with Hemsworth, Hiddleston and Hopkins all giving very different but equally as impressive performances. Hemsworth's physical, fun loving, but fiery tempered Thor gives the film its heart, particularly during his tenure on Earth, whilst his jealous and manipulative brother Loki, is given layers of depth by Hiddleston, who has created perhaps the most memorable on- screen Marvel villain yet. However, it's Anthony Hopkins' Odin, who steals every scene he is in. Despite his lack of knowledge of the source material, he applies himself to the role using every ounce of his shakespearean nature and overpowers louder performances with a whisper. Much of the supporting cast is never given much time to shine, with Natalie Portman's role being particularly under developed, whilst Sif and the Warrior's Three are entertaining if not particularly memorable. Amongst all of this heartfelt drama, is also a brilliant action blockbuster. You will believe that Gods can fly and the climactic battle between Thor and Loki is better than anything the Iron Man movies produced. And whilst there is the cross-over element as with the other Marvel films so far (including a scene involving a certain archer and the almost obligatory post credits moment), it's nowhere near as jarring and enables Thor to stand on its own two feet. It's just made me that much more excited to see the God of Thunder alongside the rest of Earth's heroes. I only hope that Captain America: The First Avenger is this good.
평점: 8	리뷰: Coming into this movie and seeing the previews. I thought this movie would be comic book movie 101.This is a lot better than that.Superb casting, directing, costumes and sets.This movie is a fantasy and comic book film rolled into one.Think MARVEL meeting up with a LORD OF THE RINGS type fantasy film.It's a great story, there is a splattering of well timed humor. The support acting is great.I couldn't think of a better way to kick off the THOR films than with this one.Please get everyone involved with this back again.And remember stay to the end credit scenes.The CGI is fantastic and not over used. They've used miniatures to.Great work team MARVEL.
평점: 7	리뷰: This ambitious take on Norse mythology opens (well almost) with sweeping views of a colossal imagining of the other world inhabited by Thor, his father, and a plucky band of his axe-wielding, spear throwing war buddies. Thor is destined to become the new King of Asgard, since his dad is looking to settle down maybe on a beach house overlooking one of those awesome waterfalls.. It's pretty amazing stuff visually and the 3D really works wonders except for the perennial difficulty with darkened scenes, it's hard to make out the detail. But as far as 3D movies go, it was engrossing, not as special as Avatar but miles in front of Clash of the Titans.I don't think anyone would say Chris Hemsworth did anything but impress. He completely stepped up to the plate by bringing an interpretation of a 'Norse God' as intoxicated and thrilled by his own power, and he really seems to be loving every minute of it (maybe it's just in anticipation of getting to make out with Natalie Portman). He shows plenty of energy and this is used to great comic effect in the 'earth' scenes where his unconquerable spirit having to come to terms with a conquerable body lend to some hilarious moments.The writing towards the end brought down what would otherwise have been a satisfying movie with top acting and cinematography. What should have provided an emotional payoff with the most pivotal moment in the main character arc was instead the point at which the story resigned to connecting the dots. I found myself remembering instead a familiar moment in Disney's Hercules, where the same heroism was shown far more intelligently, even though viewer could see it coming. Whereas the audience were thoroughly entertained by the first half of the movie the laughter became a little more obligatory as it neared the end. I thought the premise had enormous potential, especially with involvement of S.H.I.E.L.D as a new breed of government agents. The casual throwback to the Iron Man franchise was brilliantly done. Can't a visually spectacular, first rate big budget movie surprise as well as entertain? But entertaining it is, just don't expect to go anywhere you haven't been before.
평점: 9	리뷰: I absolutely loved this movie. Watched it in 3d and it was amazing. I've never reviewed a movie before so this is my first because I loved it so much. Darren Hemsworth was perfect for this role and Natalie Portman also a stand out. I loved the special effects of their world. I was completely sucked into the story, to the point I wanted more when it finished....My 12 year old son also joined me in the enjoyment. Don't forget to wait until the credits are over for that final scene, it takes a while but it answered some unanswered questions for me. Im banking on a 2nd/sequel and the sooner the better!!!! Excellent movie and the best so far for me in 2011.
평점: 7	리뷰: Of the new Marvel movies within the Avengers universe Thor is not the best, but it's by far the funniest. The Iron Man pictures have the cocky swagger of Tony Stark which proffers a bit of humour, but director Branagh (yes, the same Kenneth Branagh who made his name directing and starring in a litany of Shakespeare adaptations) has ensured the out-of-this-world concept, and the out-of-this-world locations, both of which could've very easily come across as ridiculous and tacky, are enjoyable thanks to his tongue being firmly in his cheek. The fish-out-water comedy that opens up once the powerless Thor is in New Mexico, and still thinks of himself as a God, is priceless. Branagh knows humour is the perfect way to lighten the mood and allow audience members to just go with the flow rather than nitpicking at the numerous absurd elements of the film, and he wisely embraces it.Surprisingly, Branagh demonstrates a deft touch filming the action scenes too. The set pieces, all featuring Thor, vary from a bone-crunching intergalactic battle against the ogre-ish Frost Giants, a rough and gritty rumble with the human SHIELD agents (who have a sharpshooter on their side that Marvel fans will recognise), a showdown in the streets of New Mexico against an unstoppable alien robot, and the (anti)climactic encounter on Asgard with his brother Loki. The final clash aside – which is a letdown – the action is tough, exciting and shot with flair. The CGI is mostly well done – some of the vistas created are stunning – although extreme wide shots which try to integrate people suffer from a glitchy effect which makes it look noticeably fake. Thankfully the 3D has been utilised carefully by Branagh and it never distracts, but it doesn't really add to the proceedings either and probably could've been omitted.It's doubtful that the ex-'Home and Away' star Hemsworth won't be thrown every script under the sun after this. Bulking up massively for the role, the Aussie certainly looks the part and he has also nailed the semi-British-semi-American accent required, but there's more than that. He is terrific as Thor in an acting capacity, convincing both as the egotistical and immature God of the first half of the movie and the wiser, more contemplative leader of the latter half, remaining charismatic the entire way through. Elsewhere, Hopkins is an arresting force as King Odin and commands the screen whenever on, whilst Hiddleston makes for an excellently snaky and slimy Loki. On the flipside, Portman struggles as the plain Jane. Not for one second do you believe she's a risk-taking scientist, nor that she would fall for Thor like she does, however she does share a decent chemistry with Skarsgaard and Dennings, her two Earthling associates, and in the case of the latter, the frequent comic-relief. I must also mention that Rene Russo makes an appearance as Thor's mother, a welcome return for the actress who hasn't worked since 2005.Branagh has proved the naysayers wrong and delivered a fun-filled adventure with roaring action and hefty laughs in equal parts.3.5 out of 5 (1 - Rubbish, 2 - Average, 3 - Good, 4 - Great, 5 - Brilliant)
평점: 5	리뷰: Thor had a lot of potential and I was really looking forward to it, but it turned out it was hardly a superhero movie - which I love. It didn't have much of a plot either, or have good characters. The effects were pretty good though, but that's not really saying much.I did however enjoy it a little, it did have a few laughs. There are three bad guys in this, one for each world: Loki, Thor's brother who had motives that didn't match his actions which made it all a bit confusing, The SHIELD dude that stole all of the Jane Foster's (Natalie Portman) research (which seemed to include almost everything she owned even though only a fraction was to do with Thor and his hammer), and the entire race of Frost Giants which end up not really doing much except for being stupid and dying. So with the whole non-superhero movie thing, Thor gets sent to earth and meets Jane Foster and also acting like a crazy lunatic. Besides this Jane pretty much falls in love with him. Thor is suddenly good and wise. Some stuff happens for a while then Loki sends this ultimate killing machine thing that obliterated the Frost Giants, to 'destroy everything', not really sure why. *SPOILER* Thor gets battered around, finally gets his hammer back and kills the dude in one blow and goes back to his home planet. Flies around a bit, trying to kill his brother. When they are both about to fall off a cliff (even though he can fly) Thor's dad comes out of nowhere and saves him, and Loki falls. For some reason Thor sees this as completely terrible even though they were trying to kill each other just minutes before. Oh yeah, Loki is actually a small frost giant, taken by the King at birth. Nothing really to do with anything, but they put it in anyway. So yeah, not really worth seeing.
평점: 9	리뷰: With an 'Avengers' movie approaching, Thor is the latest Marvel hero to get the big screen treatment. While he lacks the profile of Spider-Man or Iron Man, 'Thor' – The God of Thunder - is easily the best superhero movie since 'The Dark Knight'. Thor has plenty of pedigree: it's directed by Kenneth Branagh (whose Shakesperean background suits Thor's Nordic mythology) and stars Sir Anthony Hopkins and Oscar-winner Natalie Portman. Aussie Chris Hemsworth is fantastic as The Mighty Thor; he certainly looks the part with his strapping frame and blond hair.Thor is the son of Odin, King of Asgard (Hopkins) and heir to the throne. An arrogant Thor incites war against the Frost Giants, is stripped of his powers and banished to Earth, allowing his brother Loki to become next in line to the throne. On Earth, Thor befriends scientists Jane Foster (Portman), Darcy Lewis (Kat Dennings) and Erik Selvig (Stellan Skarsgard). The scenes with a now mortal Thor adjust to his new environment that provides most of the humour. While the mythological elements are understandably kept to a minimum, there's still plenty of action, which – for once – is enhanced in 3D, though there are a few minor leaps in logic which don't affect the movie's enjoyment. The only complaint is there's not enough of The God of Thunder in action, but considering this is an origin movie, there is sure to be a lot more in sequel.
평점: 9	리뷰: i went in to this film very excited not just about what it setting up (the avengers) but because it is the start of the summer action season that has two other big comic book based movies (captain America and green lantern) and i am very happy to say that it did not disappoint, it felt very close to iron man in tone and pacing but lacked iron mans humour but that is a good thing because if it was trying to make you laugh at every line then you wouldn't believe the beautiful scenery in Asgard could mix in with the plain desert town that the rest of the film is set in, a special mention has to go to Kenneth Branagh and the writers for making the female characters so realistic and strong people not just the normal stereotypical female roles. PS stay after the credits it is worth it just me.
평점: 1	리뷰: Wait for DVD if you really must see this, else don't waste 2 hours of your life + money.Guys, please don't believe the extremely well written glorious reviews out there. They are most likely written by professionals paid to say great things.About this movie: 1. Story: predictable – so much so that at times I just sat there in disbelief – do the writers really think that the public is that stupid 2. Special Effects: Room for improvement – there are many other 3D movies out there that make much better use of the technology 3. Humor: Fun one liners along with product placement
평점: 9	리뷰: Straight to the point, this was not only one of the better ones, its one of the few really good ones. I'm sure anyone reading this knows what i'm getting at, they either get these right or they get them wrong. Well this ones right, very right, from start to finish, epic, spectacular, warm, funny, action packed. The story draws you in, the characters are likable, the pace is just right, doesn't race along, but doesn't plod either. Great cast, particularly Chris Hemsworth, if Captain America and Green Lantern can keep up this standard then it'll be a good summer season.Ken's pulled it all together. Go and watch it, i cant imagine you wont enjoy it and if you think i'm being paid to say this then get stuffed !!
평점: 10	리뷰: Just came back from the theatres as the easter previews for the UK were on, and there's not much to criticise. There's no overpowering 3D effects here which is great, but because the glasses darken the image the first 10 or so minutes were a bit hard to see.The story line was good, I don't know how much it parallels any of the source material but there are times when you think you know what's happening and when, but are pleasantly surprised.As this is my first comment and I'm not sure what exactly constitutes a spoiler I will say one thing and that is to make sure, like many marvel films to pay respect to the film makers and stay till after the credits. Nick Fury makes an appearance as well as a seemingly forgotten cast member.
평점: 6	리뷰: Being a huge Marvel mark I was looking forward to see how well Kenneth Branagh handled Thor. All in all a solid showing but felt the film fell short and didn't contribute enough to the growing 'Avengers' title as the Iron Man and Captn America title promises.The characters felt a little too white and black without the usual Marvel 'Greys' however strong performances by Hemsworth and Hiddleston.Plot although entertaining was at times a bit of a head scratcher with a lot of unanswered questions about the main antagonist's plot.Still it served its purpose and kept us marvel junkies going until Ol' Capn. lights up the screens later this summer.One small spoiler - as will all marvel titles wait until after the end credits. There's is a little reward (Albeit very little)
평점: 4	리뷰: Firstly the trailers showed a lot of promise to be an amazing film, but after watching the whole movie... the trailer(s) summed up the whole movie in 4mins. Storyline was OK but was pumped with cliché characters which are almost as bad as spider-man's.The start was great and really set a great tone for the movie, but after 20mins it went completely flat and only slightly rises at the end! Natalie Portman's (Jane Foster) character was just irritating and couldn't care less about her. Thor went from an amazing character to a tabby pussy cat and incredibly boring and loses interest.The worst of it is the romance, it's incredible how these writers decided to be so unoriginal and put a sloppy and unconvincing love story which takes over the whole purpose of Thor the God of Thunder.. it's like Troy all over again with Brad Pitt.The plus sides of the movie is probably the acting and visual effects, Anthony Hopkins (Odin) as always acts brilliantly, Tom Hiddleston (Loki) also acts well and I guess for the first part of the movie Chris Hemsworth (Thor) acted brilliantly as the ignorant Thor but the storyline had ruined his part later on.If you got nothing to do then watch it or wait for it to be shown on TV.These others who put 8/9 stars are clearly paid to do so! Because any unbiased person would notice the flaws in this movie! Character Development is almost zero! You won't care or really understand the character's or other 'Groups' purpose or background! Action fighting is rare and you have to watch a lot of drivel before you see any! Thor's sidekicks are pretty much nobodies I don't even remember their names or why they are such good friends. The Writers dire input to the storyline killed Thor's Character! If it wasn't for the beginning of this movie, it would have got a 1 Star.
평점: 2	리뷰: Absolutely horribleThis movie had to be the most predictable thing I've ever watched. Do not waste your time! Sounded like it was going to be fantastic, however prepare to be bitterly disappointed. The plot: so predictable, boring, lame and it had product placement in it. Copy of transformers, Star Wars, Spider Man, etc. Nothing original here. Characters: Chris Hemsworth, I know his Aussie so I should support him, but he sucked badly. His acting was terrible!! He was attempting to put on a British accent and he sounded like somebody selling steak knives on late night infomercials. Completely Pompous and fake. It was cringe worthy. The only good thing was that he was hot.Never thought one man could destroy a movie, however Chris managed to. He spent all his time working out, and no time acting learning how to act.Natalie Portman: almost saved the movie due her brilliant acting. She will regret taking this role however. Anthony Hopkins: Seems to be desperate for roles at the moment, he was okay, but his role was so cliché. The costumes were so lame they looked like something recycled from a Star Trek set. I mean did no one think when making this movie? It was just atrocious. PLOT OUTLINE: - Thor is banished from his realm to earth by his father. -He meets Natalie Portman, love interest there- SO predictable. - Thor spends all his time trying to get back to his 'realm' - his evil brother (non-hot) wont let him back into the realm - Thor hooks up with Nat Portman, (no surprises there) OVERALL: JUST appalling, Its just criminal that such terrible movies can be made and the general public mislead and deceived into paying to see them. The 3D effects were average, so really another attempt to squeeze money out of the public.
평점: 6	리뷰: Sometime in 2012, Marvel Studios will release The Avengers, a conglomerate of superhero films all rolled into one, and a film I expect will overthrow The Dark Knight as the highest- grossing superhero movie of all time. How it will fare against Nolan's third and final Batman remains to be seen, but with the Tony Stark character already well established, the time has come to add another crucial piece of the Avengers puzzle with the fantastical universe of Thor, the Nordic god of thunder.The soon-to-be king of the Asgard realm, Thor (Chris Hemsworth) is stripped of all his powers and cast down to Earth, doomed to life as a mere mortal as punishment for disobeying the orders of his king and father Odin (Anthony Hopkins). There he meets sceptical scientist Jane (Natalie Portman), and learns that his power-hungry brother Loki (Tom Hiddleston) has been conspiring against the ailing Odin back on Asgard, intending to become the king himself.The very nature of storytelling throughout Thor is well executed. It works many interesting facets of Nordic mythology into the story and, while I can't say I've ever read a Marvel comic in my life, I was impressed by the eccentricity of the plot. Never having been a big fan of director Kenneth Branagh (I feel he has the unwanted ability of drawing pretentiousness from otherwise straightforward subject matter), I admit that even he kept a tight hold on the pace. Okay, maybe he couldn't resist aligning the plot with parts of Shakespeare's Henry V and King Lear, but overall he appears very conscious of what he's directing: a popcorn action vehicle with mass public appeal, mostly devoid of unnecessary literary allusions. In fact, if I had to criticise one aspect of Branagh's filmmaking, it would be the cinematography. It's hard to miss the constant use of titled camera angles throughout Thor, which I assume were employed to emphasise the 'other-worldliness' of Asgard, but instead just seem lazy and contribute little to the film other than occasionally disorientating the viewer.Around the time Thor begins his new life on Earth, the film takes on a more comedic direction, with most jokes arising from situations that show the protagonist as a fish out of water (walking across the street with no regard for cars, declaring his love of coffee by throwing his mug against a wall, stuff like that). Unfortunately, most of the jokes fall flat, but this is certainly an area that differs from person to person. Frankly, I thought the best laugh came from a witty and direct reference to the self-centred Stark during the film's biggest set piece.I don't often review films through comparison, but while we're on the topic of Iron Man, it is a great way of exposing the character flaws of this film. While Thor itself possesses an interesting story, there is little depth to the main character, in comparison to multi-faceted personality of Iron Man's billionaire egotist. Where Iron Man builds towards Tony and Pepper's relationship on the back of over four hours of brewing sexual tension, Thor introduces, deals with and wraps up its romantic subplot all within ninety minutes. Portman doesn't butcher her role by any means, but suffers from a formulaic script lacking any interest in thorough character development. All in all, this film offers the same sort of action-packed escapism we have come to expect from Hollywood over the Easter holidays. Hey, this time last year we had to sit through Clash of the Titans, and Thor certainly doesn't deserve that sort of shabby treatment. And for any Marvel fanatics out there, make sure to stick around after the credits.*There's nothing I love more than a bit of feedback, good or bad. So drop me a line on jnatsis@iprimus.com.au and let me know what you thought of my review.*
평점: 6	리뷰: I'll be honest – I wasn't looking forward to this movie. It's not that I thought the plot looked boring or anything but I have honestly had a bit too much of superhero Marvel films. How many more superheroes are there? I think we're gonna have a shortage soon on who can make it to the big screen eventually. So I went into this, having to pay $25 for a seat (I nearly had shock when I heard that was the amount) for 3-D plus V-max seats. And believe it or not, this is the first time I have seen something in 3-D! So I was very excited to get my first taste of it.Thor (played by a very physically fit Chris Hemsworth), who was soon to be crowned King by his father Odin (Anthony Hopkins) is banished to Earth, stripped of his powers and essentially become mortal after his arrogance and hasty decision making cause their enemies the Frost Giants to have bad blood against them again. While on Earth, Jane foster (Natalie Portman) runs into him, along with two of her friends, who are on a mission to explore stars and the galaxy above them.Meanwhile, Thor's brother and underneath the surface rivalry between them, Loki (Tom Hiddleston) has some questionable motives. Does he really want to look out for his brother or is he after the throne that has been denied to him for so long? Ten minutes into this film you can already see where the plot will take you and only someone with a blind eye would fail to notice it. It manages to make some believable characters out of this with a good performance from Wensworth, who has come along way from his Home and Away character back in Australia. He is right for the part both in his look and physical appearance and makes it believable. Anthony Hopkins is decent as King Odin but doesn't have as much screen time as I would have liked, considering his character does a vanishing act in the second half. Hiddleston however, felt more like he was meant to be cast in a spaceship movie and overacts in his role.The contrast of the two worlds of Asgard and Earth is an interesting one, though I will be honest in saying the scenes on Earth are nowhere near as fascinating as the scenes in Asgard. With the 3D, it is simply beautiful to look at, in particular the bridge that links the two worlds together. Visually, I was blown away by how good it looked.However, one of the themes of this film they explore in this is the making of a good leader. In the beginning, Thor is arrogant, self centered and proud so his lesson is to learn how to be a better person/leader. This aspect was not developed well, mainly because Thor's time on Earth is more concerned with bringing humour and establishing a very boring and highly unconvincing relationship with Jane, the physicist. Why they cast Natalie Portman into this when any other commendable actress could have done this with such a small role is pretty much for star power to attract more people to the theatre. It's funny when Thor mentions one of his lines 'I miss her' when he is back in Asgard – I was thinking to myself 'how could you miss her? You barely spent ten minutes with this woman and you miss her?' I didn't buy it for a second.For a character like Thor, who is meant to be arrogant and proud, he pretty much snaps out of it quickly on Earth, and not a lot is done to really engage you or convince you that he really has changed for the better. I'm not saying you don't see his manner change, but what really triggers this? I really felt he didn't really learn many lessons with the short time he spent with these humans, and thus the character is underdeveloped when there was so much potential for him to grow.The real plot driver is essentially another family feud in terms of sibling rivalry and is sort of the norm for epics like this. This is where the real story derives from. In terms of the enemies with the Frost Giants, there is a great scene in the beginning where Thor and his army like friends go head on battle with them, then after they become second nature to everything else, hence the enemy is often neglected in the story.The overall wrap up of the film in its conclusion is not cliché and I am glad it avoided going down a path of sentimentality to the extreme where you feel this has been done over and over. However, the end feels a bit rushed considering you are meant to have a great high respect for Thor in what he has been through. And yes, I can see why, but I didn't feel it nor did I want to give him the respect, most likely because I think the writers don't give him as much respect he deserves for what could have turned a good film into a fantastic one.
평점: 8	리뷰: Firstly I want to point out that I am giving this film 8 out of 10 on the basis that it is a Marvel super hero action film. To review it any other way would be unfair. It doesn't take itself seriously, sticks to the comic book characters well and also links in well with the other Avenger stories / SHIELD i.e Iron man, Hulk and probably Captain America.It contains everything needed to make it fun and entertaining with lots of action, great special effects, a few laughs and then topped off with more action.My only issue was that I went to see it in 3D and felt it really didn't need it. In fact I thought it was more of a distraction than anything else when it was used and that didn't seem to be very often, therefore you watch the majority of the film slightly blurred for only a few minutes of real 3D. If I could rewind time I would probably have preferred just to go and watch the 2D version.All in all though it was just a good film and if you do go and see it just remember what your going to watch, a film adaptation from a comic book, not a serious drama or some artsy fartsy garbage. Just sheer stupid unrealistic fun.
평점: 8	리뷰: after weeks of seeing trailers for this on TV, I finally got to see this last night at my local cinema. I love superhero movies, and this movie didn't let me down at all. I was Thor-oughly entertained from start to finish. this was different to other movies in the genre, it had a bit of everything,sci-fi, fantasy, action, comedy, drama. The acting was great, Chis hemsworth as Thor was perfect. he has a certain prescence on screen and oozes charisma.looked the part too, beefing up well for the role.For an Australian, he really nailed the medieval English accent required. he definitely has a future in film, i can see him playing a jason bourne type character in the future. Other top actors in the film played their parts well too. most notable Anthony Hopkins as Thors father Odin and Tom Hiddleston as Thors brother Loki. Natalie Portman was fine as scientist love interest Jane Foster, but all she had to do really was say her lines and look good, which she did great. the 3d effects in this movie also added to the entertainment. I thaught the effects were as good as avatar in places. certainly better than any other 3d film other than avatar. didn't take away from the action at all like in films such as Clash of the Titans, where the effects became blurry at times. the scenes in thors home realm Asdgard were especially good in 3d. I would definitely recommend seeing this in 3d if you have a choice.To sum up, fantastic summer superhero blockbuster that doesn't fail to entertain, had the potential to be really bad but wasn't at all. has all the elements that make a great summer blockbuster, superhero movie, go see it !!
평점: 8	리뷰: First off I am not a Thor fan nor i am a comic book fan. I went into this movie with no expectations, expecting another popcorn fest along the lines of the Ironman movies. Therefore I was quite pleasantly surprised by Thor. Whereas most comic book movies lack plot or storyline, Thor actually engages the viewer with the classic tale of loving father and the wayward son finding his way along with all the typical action requirements of a comic book movie. I can't vouch for Thor's faithfulness to the comic of course but that it still managed to entertain this none-fan is a testament to the movie. Whilst not perfect it's certainly more entertaining than that other popcorn flick, Battle LA which deserves a Razzy award.If you know nothing of Thor, go watch this movie and be entertained as Thor certainly does. The only issue I may like to mention is the poor use of 3D. The cinema I went to only had 3D for Thor and I was thus forced to watch it in 3D. Having previously being wowed by TRON LEGACY in 3D I can say that the 3D work on Thor was quite lacking. Also I feel that 3D is been unnecessarily pushed onto EVERY movie with the slightest amount of action, and Thor's problem is many of it's action scenes don't need the 3D treatment. My advice is watch this in normal 2D and save yourself some money.
평점: 8	리뷰: An absolute breathtaking movie a true blockbuster. I opted to see this in the 2D version and it did not disappoint. I was slightly weary of Kenneth Branagh directing, there is a lot to get through as Thor is an actual god with awe-inspiring powers and a rich back story. This is the sort of material that has to be handled with care and Branagh does it justice and more.This is by far the biggest thing Marvel has attempted, its fantasy on a cosmic scale. With a pre-credit stint in New Mexico to a 30 minute sequence in Asgard where we meet all the major players Thor, his brother Loki and their father Odin (a superb Anthony Hopkins). With vast tracking shots through the stunning Asgardian landscapes and unbelievable battle sequences with a race of Frost Giants, its hard to see any other super hero film match this.Chris Hemsworth plays Thor amazingly, once banished to Earth this is when he comes into his own. Adding new layers of humility and humour to his blustering God of Thunder, the fish out of water works like a charm. Hemsworth emerges a true star, adept at action and good with comedy.The film leaves you with intrigue at seeing Hemsworth on screen with Downey Jr. and Chris Evans in next years The Avengers. On that note I would say watch after the end credits for a cameo tie-in to The Avengers.I recommend this to anyone and dare you not to like it kids and adults alike. Everyone has to see this spectacle.
평점: 9	리뷰: Wow. That was the first thing I thought after seeing Thor. I'd read the strong reviews, I loved the choice of Kenneth Branagh as director and the trailers looked great. But I still wasn't prepared for how satisfying this movie would be. This is the very definition of epic, and I LOVED it.Thor (Chris Hemsworth) is a God of Norse mythology, son of Odin (Anthony Hopkins) and brother of Loki (Tom Hiddleston). When Thor disobeys his father and sparks an ancient war with the Frost Giants, Odin banishes him from the realm of Asgard and casts him down to Earth. With the help of a trio of humans (including Natalie Portman's Jane), Thor struggles to fit in on Earth whilst looking for a way to return to Asgard. Meanwhile, the devious Loki plots for his father's throneSimply put, Thor is the best superhero movie since The Dark Knight. The idea of Norse gods and warriors who dress, sound and look like pompous Vikings (some of whom interact with modern humans), multiple universes, rainbow bridges and Frost Giants must have seemed pretty hard to pull off without being silly, especially when this hero eventually has to meet with more "realistic" superheroes such as Iron Man, Hulk and Captain America in next year's The Avengers movie. But Branagh has taken something potentially camp and cheesy and turned it into a powerful, strangely relatable story; there are quite a few Shakespearian elements in Thor's story, something which Branagh is an undeniable master at adapting to the screen. Plus, Branagh and the screenwriters also inject a much-needed humour into the proceedings without unbalancing the emotion and surprising seriousness of the story. The most impressive thing about Thor is the way it treads a pitch-perfect line between respecting the material and winking at its audience knowingly (most notably with a certain cameo). In that way, it's reminiscent of The Mask of Zorro, never taking itself too seriously whilst never allowing itself to slip into parody. Branagh also proves to be a master at creating an epic summer blockbuster. Apart from a few dodgy moments, the visual effects are stunning; in fact, this is probably the most visually impressive film I have seen from Marvel thus far. The production design is also beautiful; Asgard is one of the most incredible movie landscapes I have ever seen. My eyes were stretched to breaking point, trying to drink in all the details of this new, exciting and opulent world. There are some moments which look a bit fake (which is annoying when the filmmakers had about $150 million to work with), but it's almost forgivable based on how spectacular the majority of the visual FX shots are. Credit must go to the FX and art direction departments. But a summer blockbuster wouldn't be a summer blockbuster without action, and Thor delivers some great sequences. The early encounters with the Frost Giants (genuinely frightening creatures) are superb, with Thor and his friends using some pretty bad-ass moves. A later scene where Thor fights to retrieve his mystical hammer, Mjolnir, is gritty and intense, whilst another great set-piece sees the metallic being known as The Destroyer hunting Thor and destroying most of a desert town in the process. I have heard that many people consider the final confrontation to be anti-climactic, but I have to say that it isn't as much about seeing epic action is it is about seeing how the main characters have grown and changed throughout the course of the film. In a way, I think that displays the film's greatest strength. It isn't all about the action and the visual effects; it's more about the characters and the emotional response.Speaking of which, the cast is exceptional. No pay cheque grabbing here; every cast member dives into their role headfirst. Let's start with the big guy himself, Thor. Hemsworth is best known for his brilliant, five- minute appearance as Kirk Sr. in 2009's Star Trek; to go from that to the lead in arguably one of Marvel's most risky undertakings could be seen as a huge step. You wouldn't know it from watching Hemsworth's performance, though. He is absolutely perfect in the role, charting Thor's journey from an impetuous fighter to a more understanding, wiser man with ease. Comedy, action, drama, romance; all encompassed perfectly in Hemsworth's performance. He deserves to achieve stardom after this, and I'm really looking forward to seeing how he fits into The Avengers. Natalie Portman is charming and charismatic as Jane; the scenes between her and Hemsworth ooze chemistry, whilst her scenes with Stellan Skarsgard and Kat Dennings, terrific as Jane's mentor and intern respectively, shine with a wonderful camaraderie. Hiddleston steals the movie whenever he appears as the slithering, manipulative yet oddly sympathetic Loki; this is a wonderfully complex role, and Hiddleston never strikes a wrong note. Hopkins, instead of hamming it up, brings powerful gravitas to Odin; he is intimidating, yet wise and weary from his many years of experience. The scenes between him, Hemsworth and Hiddleston are tremendous, each actor bringing all of their talent to bear and succeeding beyond all expectations. There are too many other names to mention, but rest assured everyone's sublime.Apart from some minor quibbles, I absolutely loved this movie. Branagh, the cast and crew have succeeded beyond my wildest dreams. This encompasses everything I want from an epic adventure; action, wonder, romance, comedy and a surprising amount of character and intelligence. In my opinion, this is one of Marvel's best, taking something which could have sunk to the lows of Ghost Rider or Elektra and propelling it to the same heights as Spider-Man 1 & 2, X2 and Iron Man. Add a great pre-credits teaser for The Avengers (plus one exciting appearance from a minor member), and I couldn't be more hyped. You're up next, Captain America; don't you dare let the team down.
평점: 9	리뷰: I saw this movie yesterday, cannot really add any more to the rest of the reviews below, apart from saying. Awesome film - 'nuf said true believer!Thor has set the pace and raised the bar to how superhero movies should be. Captain America and The Avengers have a lot to live up to now. Like the reviewer below has already said I was bit sceptical about Chris Hemsworth being cast against Anthony Hopkins and Natalie Portman, need not have worried as held his own against the heavy weights!Kenneth Branagh's directing was a beauty to behold, you could tell he knew his subject, especially how he manage to depict the beautiful looking Asgard. Loved his interpretation of the rainbow bridge.Bring on The Avengers!
평점: 8	리뷰: After seeing it in a Special Screening I only have to say it. Wow, I wasn't expecting that, I knew that Kenneth Branagh is a great Director but the way that he translate the story and the comic into life was marvelous.The acting is good, the actors bring the characters to life, Hemsworth brings an excellent Thor (maybe the wrestler fighter Triple H was a better choice because has more the look of Nordic),with an splendid Odin(Hopkins) and a great Loki(Hiddleston).The only failure that I can find is the size of the hammer, if you have seen the trailer you will know what I am saying, I think was too small for the size of Thor but besides that the movie is great.The 3D in this movie was good but sometimes is a bit unnecessary.8/10 for some dialogs and some excessive use of Special Effects.
평점: 8	리뷰: Another outstanding effort, Marvel does it again! It's hard to believe that a movie with this subject matter can make you think and challenge all your movie viewing skills but it does so and more. It's very artistic and you would expect no less from Kenneth Branagh. He presents the entire film in a way that can be savored. Many aspects are classical drama and yet other aspects are just plain old fun kick-butt action scenes. It's a perfect blend and this movie is far deeper then I would've thought. The pacing was perfect as is the link to the Marvel movie Universe... I can't wait to see what Captain America brings us. Overall, a summer movie that's superior to everything else that I've seen in years.The director's background in Shakespearian themes comes in to play right from the beginning of the film and run throughout. Thor is a super-strong "god" and can travel through space with supernatural powers yet the story is paradoxical and contrary about those elements instead choosing to focus on the human elements. THAT elevates this film far beyond anything I was expecting but I should have known better considering the source material and the director.The genuine and relatable qualities of these characters are what make it a great film. Sure, the action and fantasy are incredible but the story works so well. The family dynamics between fathers & sons along with sibling rivalry and the price of vanity and lack of humility all resonate. The choices made and the relationships on display are as wonderful as the brawling and action... which are as good as any summer movie that I've seen in years.
평점: 8	리뷰: I have to admit, i had low expectations for this adaptation. Hulk yeah sure, Iron man, why not, Captain America, its set in the real word of course it'll work. But THOR? A wildly fantastical tale of Norse Gods and Rainbow bridges and nicknamed hammers ?? Surely not! Ill stop with the bashing; this film is astonishing. The oddest thing has happened here. Coupling notoriously artsy director Kenneth Branagh with one of Marvels most theatrical characters was a stroke of genius. At the beginning of the film, we are quickly introduced to Jane Foster, her whimsical offsider and an older gentleman. Storm chasers aren't normally this clever you might think to yourself during this opening scene, but alas, they are revealed to actually be physicists after a few minutes. An incredible storm arrives and THOR HAS LANDED: or so you would think. Mere moments after being introduced to our title character we are thrust on an astrological journey to Asgard, land of gods. Here we are introduced to Odin, the all father and his 2 young boys; Loki and Thor. Odin recites stories of an ancient war in which a planet load of frost giants planned to destroy the realm of Midgard (earth) before Odin and his merry men stepped in to save humanity. It is during this scene we are first shown Thor's arrogance and thirst for war. Skip ahead a few years and THOR has become Asgard's mightiest warrior, just as Odin had foretold. A celebration is occurring, Thor is about to be crowned as king of Asgard, but alas... this glorious day is interrupted by none other than said FrostGiants attempting to steal a stolen heirloom from Asgard's weapons locker.. The story rapidly gains traction from here. Thor marches into the Frost Giants planet (against his fathers will) in all his Aussie glory, kicking ass and taking names. He and his friends become swiftly over powered and Odin is left no choice but to step in. An argument erupts in which Odin tells Thor of his assholness and douchebaggery and that he is no longer worthy of his giant hammer Mjolnir or his god of Thunder status. Cast down to Earth the audience is reunited with the opening scene and we are officially filled in. A bevy of comedic scenes follow in which Chris hemsworth's THOR is tranquillised and run over multiple times. The film transitions backwards and forwards between our world and that of Asgard so as to keep us informed on going ons. Odin goes into a coma and Thor's mischievous bro Loki starts to come into his own. A marvellous story unfolds filled with action, humour, heartache and a whole heap of awesome!! Branagh's eye for curious shots is on full show here and works fabulously in creating a beautifully surreal Asgard. The films close is a little rushed but is also very heartfelt and strong. Leaving plenty of room for more character development, THOR is as good as if not better than every comic film to date, the characters were superbly cast and played and the story follows as close as it can to the source material as it can without being too over the top. Spectacularly fun movie, worthy of the Marvel name tag and certainly a sequel. 10 out of 10 for performance and entertainment....Make sure to stay after the credits for the Captain America nod.
평점: 8	리뷰: According to IMDb, this film cost $150 million to make, surely after 20 years plus of CGI becoming and essential element of the film production process surely these films could look as though they cost that much money.There were elaborate cityscapes and tron line flashing bridges, the failing of this film though is it looks cheap. The ice monster, is nothing spectacular.Like Flash Gordon (1980)it has enough action and OK actors to distract the eye and mind from thinking wow this is a tatty looking film for the majority of the time. Seeing Ray Stephenson beard made me think director Kenneth Branagh wanted to cast Brian Blessed in the role and make Thor his homage to Flash Gordon.Luckily I saw the film in 2D, and it was an enjoyable romp. Maybe the stereoscopic version added something to it for fans of 3D but I don't think I missed anything special in that department.The plot and background is bare bones, I suspect there are more than a few minutes of deleted scenes, the cinema patron will have to pay to see or even an extended cut on DVD/BLu Ray Considering this film is set in the same universe as Iron Man,Hulk etc surely its time that people started to focus on the doppleganger of Stan Lee who regulalrly crops up and can surely no longer be classed as cameo appearances.Stay patient enjoy the Foo Fighters closing tune, read the credits for 5 minutes and the viewer will be rewarded
평점: 8	리뷰: I dunno yet, Thor is a mighty god (of lightning) and he is very powerful. After seeing many commercials on Nickelodeon about this movie it makes me worry this movie can not live up to the hype. This movie in my opinion should try to be along with Clash of the Titans. A lot of action, some violence in the fight scenes to make them look a little better. Then again the main reason a movie can be redeemed as good is by having a great story line. I hope to see them focus a bit on the actual mythology of Thor, teach you a little bit about him. Some movies tend to skip the most important thing which is telling the audience Thor is a god, how he came to be, what his purpose is, and what exactly he is fighting for and why Thor for that particular reason. I will be seeing this film in theaters and really hope to be surprised by it.
평점: 7	리뷰: I think I'm gonna do a first here and NOT relate how good the movie was with how good the special effects are.With that now abundantly clear, the best thing about this movie is the mythology. I found myself most engrossed in the movie when the mythology was being explored, and the powers of the mythical characters was being shown. This is a bit of a cheap screen writing trick though, so not too much credit can be given to the writers.The first act is sloppy, and the third act is equally so. Which is surprising considering the second act is usually the weakest, but i think that was the part of the movie where they were able to have fun with the characters, Thor in Nex Mexico -"Delicious! I will have another!", rather than trying to establish and resolve a complicated universe and weak narrative.The action was average. At times the only thing you could see on screen was a mess of blurring motion. The were times when i got excited, but it was all rather disappointing. The anti climatic ending felt just felt like a cheap pay off for action rather than any serious resolution.I think for the most part of this movie i was marveling at the expected power of the characters, but when i actually saw them in action, it was kind of a let down. The hype was good, the reality was bad. And whats with the giant robot man, GORT rip off anyone?! Having said all of this, it is a good pop corn movie, and a bit of fun, if all a bit silly. Kenneth Brannagh, whom i greatly admire, holds it together in the best way i think he possibly could, and thats the reason i think the mythology is so interesting, Brannagh's Shakespearean background has given him the ability to handle it, and i applaud the Marvel/Paramount suites for picking the right man for the job.No doubt hordes of Americans will flood to the cinemas, and vast quantities of popcorn will be thrown down their necks to contribute to their already bulbous waste lines. A sequel is inevitable, but thats not necessarily a bad thing.... if you like popcorn.
평점: 2	리뷰: WARNING: VOAF (Very Overrated Audience Film) has struck cinema in the form of Thor with a over-bloated 7.9 IMDb rating in what has been described as an "epic" superhero film. The only epic thing about Thor is what a bore it was and where I felt myself drifting towards sleep halfway through. Seriously looking on here I shook my head with disbelief at the statistical ratings of nearly 40 per cent of ten out of ten and written reviews of a no less given rating of four (apart from one reviewer). The thing is I have to be honest with how I felt about this movie. I won't go into the plot really because other people on here have already given a synopsis and I can't be asked to waste my time writing one. Sufficed to say the story is very simplistic with no real twists and has all the usual clichés of the "bad brother" and the "damsel in distress" falling for the "hero." But hey this is not really much of a criticism as there are plenty of films out there that follow the same formula, but at least they were enjoyable like Spiderman or the Batman films, the old or new ones.What I will say that I did enjoy with this film, which stopped me giving this a turkey and ultimately becoming as worse as the truly dreadful I Am Number Four is the special effects, which I have to say were quite impressive. Some of the scenery was breathtaking, the 3D in certain scenes was well implemented and Anthony Hopkins gave a great performance. However these small positives are drowned into oblivion by the scale of terrible things about Thor. First off the rest of the performances are terrible across the board. Chris Hemsworth as Thor was ridiculously bad and just sounded like he wanted to be elsewhere. He might look the part in costume but he cannot act and didn't convince me for a second as the hero. This wasn't helped by the script, which made his character stupid (at first) but then he supposedly redeems himself. But for me he was just annoying as you don't come to care about him or any of the other characters. Tom Hiddleston as Thor's brother Loki carried no weight as the villain as he just sounded so dull and my Natalie Portman! She seems to have lost her brain since her extraordinary performance in Black Swan. She gives the most cringe-worthy and wooden performance out of the whole cast. She laughs like a hyena and smiles like a retarded idiot and I just wanted to slap her as she goes all luvy dubby eyed over Thor (what does she see in him!? There is no romantic chemistry between her and him whatsoever). All the other cast are just as bad in under-performing and again wishing like they were somewhere else and who could blame them with such a bad script. It carried no emotional weight or substance and was just dry and repetitive. All the characters are essentially cardboard cut outs with no depth (though some of the reviewers say there is!) so I didn't care about them. When Thor in one scene is supposedly killed, I kept wishing it would come true but it dosen't. There is very little action and even when there is the Michael Bay trait appears with you hardly being able to see what is happening because the camera is so close up with lack of continuity editing. Furthermore the 3D itself though impressively implemented in a few scenes was mostly bad. I could actually at certain points take off my 3D glasses and see where it was in 2D as there was no distorted image. It's as though Kenneth Branagh the director decided after a while he couldn't be asked to properly implement the entire film in 3D and thought "well the audience won't notice." Well he hasn't fooled me. If he thinks audiences are that gullible in that respect when it comes to poor 3D he's wrong. What makes me laugh though is that he in an interview said he added the comedy moments to make sure audiences didn't take the film seriously, but the comedy wasn't funny and the whole film literally had the tone of trying to be serious, which I think is part of it's big downfall for me. The scene where you think Thor dies and there is sad music is just for me sickeningly insincere. (A similar scene to one in I Am Number Four).When it comes down to it is that Thor is just another Hollywood glossy movie that pitches itself as delivering everything (but for most audience viewers it has) but really delivers nothing. Hollywood has duped us all and they should be ashamed of themselves. If you want to waste £7.80 or more if you see it in the evening or weekend on this travesty of a film, don't say I didn't warn you. You watch it as your own peril. The only saving grace surely for how awful this film is will be bought to light by the film critics when reviewed this Friday, which will hopefully help counterbalance the very overrated opinions of Thor from audience reviewers on here.
평점: 8	리뷰: The trouble with making a film about Thor is that you are making an adaptation of a comic book that has run for 50 years which is itself based on ancient myths and legends. The comics have been written by numerous talented writers taking in many different variations on the character and include stories that adhere rigidly to the myths and are set in Asgard, or that are modern superhero stories with Thor in contemporary earth (Midgard) as well as cosmic comic book stories where Thor fights aliens in outer space. With the comics this all adds up to a rich, though often confusing, depth to the character and his history – something that tends to be true for most comic book characters that have lasted for a long time: there are debates about what is canon and what never really happened; things get re-imagined or revised – over 50 years these characters can develop and change tremendous amounts. When someone new takes over the Thor comic it is up to them to decide what aspects of the character they like and what they will focus on, and the success of the writer is usually dependent on how well they 'get' the character.I think it is fair to say that Kenneth Branagh gets Thor. Sure, his interpretation of the character varies from the comic book versions (and from the myths) in some ways – for example this Thor does not have a body swapping scheme going on with Dr. Donald Blake – but he has the main points down pretty well. Its like how Christopher Nolan gets Batman – though Batman is a undoubtedly a more complicated character. The Thor film is both cosmic and mythical, incorporating a version of Asgard that is decidedly more sci-fi than the version seen in comics recently – it's a shiny golden space fortress with a Bifröst bridge that looks like it is crafted from crystals and LEDs rather than rainbows. These Asgardians are spacemen, travelling to alien worlds with technology as well as gods with their magics, but then 'any sufficiently advanced technology is indistinguishable from magic' as Arthur C. Clarke said.I like the style of Asgard, it looks like Flash Gordon or Masters of the Universe, all glitter and glam – it's very theatrical with the rooms looking like elaborate stage sets rather than complicated but forgettable cgi nonsense. Asgard seems like a real place where real alien gods live – and sure it's all hideously tacky and you keep expecting Queen to start playing or Brian Blessed to pop up, but that's quite refreshing when most fantasy these days is so bland and unimaginative. Compared to the dreadful Clash of the Titans for example, Thor undoubtedly has a lot more style.So Thor is quite a simple character but portraying that simplicity without it turning into a farce or camp is always going to be hard – see the appearances of Thor in the 1988 Incredible Hulk Returns TV movie. I think they handle it pretty well here. The costume especially is fantastic though possibly a little plastic-y in places and I wish he would wear his helmet more often. I was very glad to see Loki in his helmet, it's something that a more conservative director might have cut out as it does look quite outlandish. Thor's interactions in Midgard are funny without being stupid and are kept to a minimum – such as him walking in front of traffic. This could easily have been overdone but instead the film concentrates on action. Everyone accepts Thor quite quickly and gets on with things.The action is well done, the Destroyer fight being a highlight I think even if it is a bit brief. I preferred the action set on Midgard to the cgi heavy fighting on Jotenheim, home of the Frost Giants. I watched the film in 3D and frankly it's a tiresome technology that adds nothing to a film like this. Occasionally the tricks with forcing focus just meant that the little people looked like toy railway models – sometimes this just looked ludicrous like tilt-shifted photography. I would suggest seeing it in 2D if you have the option, but then the people I was with liked the 3D so perhaps that is just me.The acting is all very good. The Warriors Three and Sif were quite forgettable but Heimdall – played by Idris Elba – was a fantastic presence and perfect for the role despite what some racists might say. It's strange to see Tadanobu Asano, one of the best actors in the world in my opinion, in such a minor part as Hogun and forced to speak English, the guy is a legend in Japanese cinema. Natalie Portman, Chris Hemsworth and Anthony Hopkins were all solid. I'm a big fan of Kat Denning even if she didn't have much of a role – she made Natalie Portman a bit redundant here, and Tom Hiddleston was excellent as Loki.Overall Thor is a very enjoyable blockbuster – it could so easily have been another travesty like Clash of the Titans but instead is more like a happy throwback to the golden age of action movies. The plot is lighthearted and the action is exciting but it never feels too shallow – a similar accomplishment to the best parts of the Iron Man films. It's fun rather than important or ground breaking, but sometimes that is all you can ask from a film. If only more blockbusters were like this – hopefully Captain America: The First Avenger and the subsequent Avengers film will add to Marvel's successes.
평점: 9	리뷰: Absolutely stunning FX. The whole story and characters were brought vividly to life. Slight change to the original Comic book, but nothing at all lost in translation. 3D was totally unnecessary and gave me a headache. Roll on Cap and the Avengers!!!!!!!! Hemsworth, brought the cockiness out excellently. Hiddleston was eerily compelling to see and Hopkins, well, there's no one quite like him to bring Odin to life. In case their is anyone worried about the Religious overtones - don't be. It is quite clearly set out that Asgard is a realm, along with Earth being another part of this realm, that we all inhabit and that their mythology is how the Vikings saw them - not that they are deities in any form!
평점: 5	리뷰: The sets, special effects are just what you would expect form a major Hollywood movie. It looks great. In particular I loved the ice giants they were the best thing in the movie.What I struggled with was a mythical god-like being, if not actually a god, who grins a lot, is rather polite and lacks all presence apart from his muscular development which on its own doesn't carry it. I don't think it is because Helmsworth can't act. But the fellow is meant to be Thor, that is THOR!!!!! Not someone who might ask if you want fries with that.A little bit of grimness, perhaps a little bit of age might have helped. Shouldn't he be a few thousand years old at least? He does start off a bit rash but his big character change occurs, seemingly, because he had a single beer with a fellow of Scandinavian origin. Certainly there was nothing in the Natalie Portman relationship that engendered any interest of need to reassess his approach to life. In fact the gorgeous Natalie was rather irrelevant.The Asgardians themselves were good whilst in Asgard but out of that context they looked rather ridiculous and with entirety of the Earth action all taking place in what looked like a back lot we really needed to get back to Asgard asap.So yes it looks great (mostly) and there is plenty of action, if that's what you want but when it was finished I was not looking forward to the sequel. I really didn't care although if they bring back the frost giants I'd watch them. In fact secretly I was cheering for them all along. They had the menaces and gravitas that Thor lacked.
평점: 9	리뷰: Although an avid Marvel comics reader I never once read Thor comic book. I was hooked on X-Men, Avengers, Spider-Man, Alpha Flight and others, but for some reason Thor never interested me much. So when this movie was announced I wasn't all too interested. The trailers weren't much help, though they perked my interest. A few good television spots and the final trailer convinced me to give it a try. So yesterday I took my 3 teenage kids to see it on opening night here in Oslo, Norway at (allegedly) the biggest screen in Europe.I was effing blown away! Maybe because I wasn't expecting much. Or maybe because it was a great film. I like to think it was great.Remove your biases and (even if you didn't like the trailers) if you loved the first Iron Man movie you will LOVE this!Personally, I didn't much like Iron Man 2, didn't like either of the Fantastic Four movies but loved Iron Man 1 and all the X-Men, Spider-Man and (Nolan) Batman movies. (Just for your comparison with taste.)Only word of caution/advice is to see it in 2D if possible. We watched it in 3D and though the 3D was pretty good (comparable with Green Hornet if you've seen that) it made several of the scenes blurry. Our projectionist said it was because the theater is so big and the screen is too far from the projector for this particular movie to work in 3D, but that others (Avatar, any animated movie, etc) work just fine in that theater. So either watch it in 2D or on a medium or small screen in 3D.
평점: 7	리뷰: A Marvel Studios film that steps up to the level with the IronMan films. Kenneth Branagh has not let the ball drop on this one, leading up to The Avengers film next year!Thor being one of those tricky characters, and a story where there is not much character development/material to work with, Branagh actually creates a humanistic Thor that could easily fit into the Avengers team. The supporting cast has its moments too.Stellan Skarsgard, Natalie Portman and Clark Gregg play their roles to perfection as the leading humans in the film and from the realm of Asgard Tom Hiddlestone as Loki is a stand out. Loki the God of Mischief plays the pivotal role in the film and Hiddlestone deserves praise for his work.All in all, one worth watching especially if you can appreciate that it is a building block in a story that comes together in another film.P.S. As per the other Marvel films, hang out till the end of the credits for a touch more of the story! ;)
평점: 9	리뷰: So I saw Thor yesterday. And I liked it, quite a bit. First things first, casting Anthony Hopkins as Odin was a stroke of genius. His voice alone could be considered his most powerful tool in his portrayal as the All-Father. His presence also instills a certain serious tone, which is just what this movie needed, it being about a comic-book superhero who happens to be based on the Norse God of thunder.Chris Hemsworth is another example of good casting.I've always preferred somewhat unknown actors in larger roles, it gives the actor the opportunity to boost his career and the director more creative freedom. Hemsworth does a marvelous job. Aside from his physique he carries himself with just the right amount of charm, pride and vigor to make Thor a lovable character.The action sequences are amazing and breathtaking to say the least. I can't even remember half of what happened during those scenes, I just remember that my popcorn was running really low really fast. It's certainly a feast for the eyes.Which brings us to the story. The story is quite straight-forward, aside from it happening in the realm of Asgard. An arrogant and young Thor is stripped of his powers by his father in order for him to learn the value of his life and life in general before he can take his father's place. There is more going on, but I would rather not spoil it.So in short, Thor is the perfect start for the summer season. A light fast-paced character-driven comic-book movie, upholding the old notion that we have to learn the lesson, of not knowing all the answers.
평점: 7	리뷰: If you compare Thor with his superhero friends and there films, you come to the conclusion that Thor is better then the incredible Hulk but not as good the first Iron Man film. I gave this film a 7 because it has many good points but also bad points: The Good: Chris Hemsworth is perfect as Thor, in acting, in style in everything Thor does feel like he is the strong powerful hero that he is, and is portrait like he is in the comics.Special effects are good and the 3D effects give a nice feel to the film The humor in the film is funny and not annoying at all The Bad:Not enough action throughout the entire film Natalie Portman's acting is decent but she feels out of place in this movie The film could have been longer, and feels rushed on the end Loki doesn't do that much as the main villain The Ugly: Why does Thor lose his powers? we want to see him with his powers not without, then he's just a normal man thats no fun.All in all Thor is a good film but could have been better. But one thing is for sure, I CAN'T WAIT FOR THE AVENGERS!!!!PS: stay after the credits and see a nice bonus
평점: 9	리뷰: One of the main issues with the ambitious Avengers film is the introduction of the less than scientific, reality based elements of the Marvel films and characters to date, where radiation is root cause for the creation of The Hulk, Fantastic Four and Spider-man, and technology behind the likes of Tony Stark's Iron Man, meaning they're not too far fetched if you're a fan of science fiction. Even gene mutation still falls within the boundaries of believability. But with Thor comes something from the magical and fantasy realm, which undoubtedly will open the door to more powerful villains not bounded by the laws of physics at least, but still with the villain possessing incredible powers, unless the story is compelling, we're going to find ourselves stuck with a massively powerful hero, what more when he's a god?Which is what made Thor somewhat a refreshing change in the way comic book heroes are portrayed in recent years, whether DC (who will have its hands full with Superman, sharing the same pain points), or Marvel. Enter Kenneth Branagh to try and make Thor more palatable to the reality so far in the Marvel film base, hitting it off where Iron Man 2 had hinted at its ending, before introducing us to a brief history of Asgard and Odin (Anthony Hopkins), together with his sons Thor and Loki and that aged old feud with the Frost Giants. In fact the story by J. Michael Straczynski and Mark Protosevich is already found in the theatrical trailers, with the arrogant Thor (Chris Hemsworth) being cast from his would be throne and onto Earth, and finding himself to be quite the mortal without his mythical hammer Mjolnir which he has to find with the help of scientists Jane Foster (Natalie Portman) and her friends Erik Selvig (Stellan Skarsgard) and Darcy (Kate Dennings).AS I mentioned earlier, the story is purely functional at this stage, going from scene to scene in quite the fish out of water fashion where the Nordic god of thunder finds himself caught up in poor slapstick comedy (how many times can he be hit by a vehicle?). Redemption doesn't come easy for the big guy even as he's made to feel guilty for his misdeeds when on Asgard that his brother never failed to remind him of, making Loki (Tom Hiddleston) chief villain just because he's looking toward being the favoured son of Odin. Yes the main villain of the story uses more of his brains than brawn, but is no pushover when the situation calls for a more physical response.And the battle sequences impressed, which is kind of a surprise since I never associated Branagh as one who can film kinetically charged action for the big screen. With Thor's magical prowess brought about by Mjolnir, the CG here lives up in crafting the kind of extravaganza and incredible spectacle when Thor wields his trusty hammer into battle, twirling, throwing, flying and calling in some mean looking, bad weather associated reinforcements. A film like this couldn't possibly be done years ago, and technology coupled with an artistic team's imagination and reference from Thor's source material, made the big battle sequences interesting. But I will add that one should steer clear of 3D since it's converted in post production, with nothing that truly stood out to justify the viewing in 3D.Chris Hemsworth was a relatively unknown Australian, but I guess like Hugh Jackman this could be his ticket into the big league, having to look the part of the hero and portray him to a T with that streak of arrogance that required a lesson in humility and about the sanctity of life. Yes although it doesn't call for tremendous acting chops, I suppose looking the part and playing it convincingly with those rippling muscles, is already half the battle won. Anthony Hopkins lends that bucket load of gravitas as Odin (just as how Liam Neeson's Zeus in the Clash of the Titans remake was welcomed), while Tom Hiddleston as Loki provided that conflicting villain who's an excellent liar corrupted by power.While it has the benefit of Hollywood It Girl Natalie Portman counted amongst its ranks as the main squeeze that Thor falls for, the romance here is a little bit stretched as well, since the two hardly spend quality time together to develop genuine feelings, with Jane sealing the deal just because Thor looks good when he got his groove back, armour, weapon and all, together with that sparkle in those blue eyes surrounded by those golden facial locks. The characterization of Jane Foster is wafer thin, and the love story lacked any real emotional depth, relying on a mere summary of someone else's narration than to come from pure feelings, but I guess having her around lends star appeal to the film.And as for cameos (look away now if you choose not to be spoilt), well, look out for Jeremy Renner as Hawkeye who saved all nuances of action for Avengers, and Samuel L. Jackson's Nick Fury making his much ado about nothing appearance in the coda after the film proper, although in Thor's case it turned out to be a little bit weaker since it's supposed to tease into Avengers directly, and well, expecting something really does take the fun out of anything.Thor the film did what it had to, and successfully introduced the character to film audiences in anticipation of a huge ensemble in The Avengers. It's getting crowded, but here's a feather in the cap for Marvel in having to chalk up another expected blockbuster and hopefully boosting comic book sales as well. Highly recommended, and I can't wait for the rest of the slated Marvel heroes to appear on the big screen in weeks to come!
평점: 7	리뷰: THOR is an epic adventure about Thor, a powerful but arrogant god whose reckless actions trigger a war. As a result, he is stripped of his powers by his father Odin and banished to Earth where he has to learn what it takes to be a good leader.Like Iron Man, one of the reasons for THOR's success is the three-dimensional and pleasing protagonist that the audience cares about. Thor is not only a mighty warrior with a powerful physique, but also a loyal friend. However, as a prince born to inherit the throne, he is petulant. Because of his impetuosity, shortsightedness, flashes of rage and disrespect, his father deprives him of his powers and exiles him to earth in the hope that he will become more humble and mature. Unlike other superheroes who gain their superpowers when bitten by a genetically altered spider or hit by a gamma blast, Thor becomes a mortal, like us. Owing to the loss of powers and a beauty's love, his heart is softened. Despite the flaw that Thor's personal growth, i.e. the learning of humility, and his interest in Jane Foster are underdeveloped, Thor is still a charismatic character whom the audience aspires to be.What makes this movie so relatable to me is the breakdown of the family. Speaking of family, Thor is no different from us. He also has to deal with family issues, e.g. sibling rivalry for power and attention, a son's impatience to prove his worth to his father, Loki's hatred for his father, etc. That the pursuit of power pollutes our minds sounds plausible. Several scenes showing the confrontations between the father and the son are emotionally affecting, thanks to Anthony Hopkins, an acting legend, whose nuanced performance as an aging king and a distressed father who is hurt and disappointed by his son is very convincing.The delicately crafted Marvel universe sets the scene for this epic adventure. Earth, Asgard and Jotunheim are beautifully shot and their unique features are highlighted. For instance, Thor's stay in remote New Mexico symbolizes the fall of the god. While his arrogance and passion are highlighted in his glowing golden world, his unequaled courage contrasts sharply with the scary snowy world. Thanks to the jaw-dropping IMAX 3D images, the convincing set design and the cool costume design, the three distinctly different worlds are brought to life within the same reality. What's more, that science cannot explain everything and Norse mythology is real adds romance to the story.Albeit not on a par with Spiderman, THOR is a success as a commercial popcorn movie blending together different genres, mythology, action, a character study, romance, family drama, etc.P.S. Make sure you stick around till after the closing credits!
평점: 10	리뷰: There is a poignant scene in cult 1980s BBC sitcom 'Red Dwarf' where the super-organised hologram Rimmer talks about why he actually likes his polar opposite Rastafarian, slob, scouse room-mate Lister. He compares him to a hangover-cure "fried egg and chilli sauce ciabatta sandwich" Lister has offered. "All your ingredients are wrong - but somehow it works, somehow you're right!"The same has to be said for 'Thor'. A giant WWE escapee taking down scientists and CIA men in New Mexico just after having been banished from his monster-infested, operatically armoured home-universe sounds like the worst straight to video Triple-H starrer ever made - but it all somehow, not only comes together, succeeds in throwing more at the screen than many superhero movies could lay claim to.Marvel's vision and slight tinkering of the Norse Edda, the mythological testament of the vikings, remains. Loki is Thor, not Odin's, half-brother, while Heimdall, usually the janitor of the Gods in mythology books, becomes a noble and stoic guardian of the godly kingdom of Asgard.Kenneth Branagh resurrects the one thing that was good about his 'Frankenstein' - sweeping camera shots, heated melodrama that evokes the excitement of a children's story as well as the drama of Shakespeare. In fact, Branagh's grounding in the bard means that the plot's interweaving of 'King Lear' in Odin, 'Macbeth' and 'Iago' in Loki's character, of 'Hamlet'-llite in some of Thor's darker ruminations and not a little of 'A Midsummer Night's Dream' s immortal/mortal interpersonal dynamics is deft.Thrilling and refreshing too is the involvement of monsters, giants and archaic robot menaces as well as real-world threat and suspense in a superhero movie for almost the first time in the cycle of superhero movies since 'X-Men's' rekindling of the genre. Bryan Singer might want to take notes if he ever revisited 'the Man of Steel', while Zach Snyder might do well to notice that human drama need not be sacrificed in the face of a slew of special effects.There are only a few negatives. Once Thor lands in the desolate New Mexican town and finds friends he just kind of hangs with them there. Moving from place to place may have heightened the thrills in the earthbound sequences. The prosthetics of the Frost giants look off-the-peg creations compared to their giant CGI hell-hound-troll and this may come from two different effects houses handling these respectively.These are minor quibbles in a movie that blends humour, whimsy and outrageous action with genuine urgency, real world dilemmas and not a little goose-pimpling Shakespearean cinema. Oh, and the brief glimpse of Odin's steed Sleipnir shall have comic-book and mythology fans in a state of complete awe.This will satisfy everyone who attends it and all that remains to be said is this to the developers of the new 'He-Man' movie: Look at 'Thor' - it can be done.
평점: 7	리뷰: I was looking forward to watch this movie and I am glad I went to the theater. The movie is good, a good action/adventure movie, with the addition of the direction of one Kenneth Branagh. His "training" in directing Shakespeare's based movies, helped him to add depth to a story that is taken from a comic book. Acting is consistent with the movie and the effects, while plentiful, don't drown the movie. I liked both Thor and Loki, different as day and night, as it was supposed to be. A warning: don't exit before you watch all the end-titles. The only thing I didn't like was the 3d. It makes fights difficult to understand and follow and this movie would have been even better without it.
평점: 8	리뷰: There was something different about "Thor". Whilst not being the best super-hero film in the world, it was a great one and the best one since "The Dark Knight". However it was the first one in a while where it was a full on fantasy super-hero film where there are no possibilities and their powers are shown in a great way. There was a great balance of how much the Asgardian world was shown and how Earth was shown. Chris Hemsworth played the arrogant turned humble god Thor, however i think the star of the film was Tom Middleston for his acting had more depth expected from a super-hero film. Natalie Portman was OK, nothing amazing but nothing awful. Overall a good cast to bring to life a great film. Also the amazing thing worth noting is that there is no sexual scenes or strong language! See, you can have no swear words or rude scenes and you can still enjoy a great film!
평점: 1	리뷰: Honestly, seeing that Branagh directed and J. Michael Straczynski wrote the script is a large part of why I went to see the movie. Plus I'm generally a big fan of Marvel and their movies.Unfortunately it's one of the dumbest things I've seen in years, and is completely full of moronic clichés and the most superficial faux morals. Please do yourself a favour and spend your money on things that are more deserving of it, especially if you've worked hard to earn it.Just in case you want to know what you'll be missing ---* spoiler alert * (though really I'm giving this film a massive compliment by suggesting you could 'spoil' anything in it)Thor's father takes his hammer away and sends him to earth for punishment. While there Thor literally changes overnight from being an arrogant, rash and violent idiot to a wise, humble and pacifist purveyor of all things noble, and the only possible reason for this that's presented in the movie is that he met Natalie Portman and was then told that his father died while he was gone. Once Thor the god of thunder completes this astonishing and instant transformation and sacrifices his life for others, his hammer flies back to him, revives him and he beats the bad guys with it.If you really, really love Marvel movies and viking folklore (to the point where you don't mind these things being made a joke out of) and have 2.5 hours in which you'd otherwise be causing harm to humanity or this planet, go see it. Otherwise you might as well spare yourself from this glorious waste of time and brain cells.
평점: 6	리뷰: Well this evening my friend's wanted to go out to the cinema, one of which being a huge Marvel fan. I saw the trailer for Thor and thought it looked alright but I didn't have high hopes for it.I really was blown away in the opening 30 minutes of the movie. The effects were great and the movie seemed to have a decent story going for it. The camera angles were great, not all shaky and zoomed like most action movies seem to like to do nowadays.Unfortunately as the movie progressed I feel it got a little weak. As soon as we are brought to earth the movie decides to make clumsy jokes and lightens the mood by repeating the same joke about 4 times within 10 minutes. I found it strange that the mood had changed so quickly.And before I continue I have to say, Kat Denning's character 'Darcy Lewis' made the most annoying and out of place jokes I have heard in some time in a movie.However the thing I found with the movie is that all of a sudden it becomes great again, then drops a bit, etc etc. In places I felt that they couldn't quite make up which audience they were aiming for.Now - the acting.I thought that the acting was brilliant in this movie. Chris Hemsworth was perfect for Thor, Natalie Portman was *as always* great, however I think that Tom Hiddleston who played "Loki" stole the show. He was fantastic.Why haven't I mentioned Anthony Hopkins yet? Because, to be honest, anyone could have played his character. He had no scenes that actually required much acting skill and I just think that he was just there for people to go "Hey, it's Anthony Hopkins!".So yeah, I liked about half of the movie, and didn't like the other half. One half felt epic and brilliant, the other very clumsy and out of place.However the reason I didn't give it a 5 is because the acting was so good I put it up to a 6.
평점: 9	리뷰: The Norse god Thor is admittedly one of Marvel's second-league  superheroes, but just like Iron Man, both are inevitable steps in  Marvel's continuing march towards arguably the most highly anticipated  comic book adaptation in movie history next year- "The Avengers". Yet,  if there's anything to learn from the "Iron Man" experience, it's that  it's entirely possible to turn a B-league superhero into an A-grade  feature film with just the right star and the right director.   And kudos to the Marvel team for doing it once again with "Thor", a  thoroughly entertaining blockbuster of a film that succeeds thanks to  the unlikely choices of Kenneth Branagh as director and Chris Hemsworth  as the star of the titular character. Kenneth is the English director  best known as cinema's foremost exponent of the Bard, while Chris is  the Australian actor probably only known as the father to James T. Kirk  in last year's "Star Trek". Both are equally unlikely choices to  headline this US$150mil tentpole, though Marvel's gamble has paid off  handsomely.   Unlike Iron Man, Incredible Hulk, or for that matter the upcoming  Captain America who were products of science, Thor was the hammer-  wielding alien-god who was always going to be a tricky proposition  adapting for the big screen. After all, the combination of Norse  mythology and science fiction could easily have degenerated into  kitschy camp, so it's a good thing that Kenneth knows when to get  serious and when to have fun. He films the scenes of Thor in his  homeland Asgard with the utmost gravitas, while leaving the humour for  his brief fish- out-of-water stint on Earth.  Indeed, Kenneth handles the power feuds and sibling rivalry with the  same intensity as he would a Shakespearian production, and brings a  deeply human perspective to his godly characters. In particular, the  tussle between father and sons is emotionally charged- whether Odin's  heartbreak at banishing his son Thor, whom he was about to coronate as  king, out of the kingdom for arrogantly and impetuously reigniting a  war with an ancient enemy; or Loki's confrontation with Odin about his  true origins- and therefore electrifying to watch.   To add weight to the proceedings at Asgard, Kenneth brings in two  excellent character actors alongside Chris- Anthony Hopkins and Tom  Hiddleston. Anthony's patriarchal role isn't new for the actor, but he  delivers a restrained yet powerful and dignified performance as Thor's  father Odin. Tom, on the other hand, is deliciously snarky playing the  sibling jealous of Thor's impending ascension to the throne, and the  British actor gives a surprisingly intimate and affecting villainous  turn that brings unexpected depth to his character.   In contrast to the godly solemnity, Kenneth brings some welcome Earthly  humour to Thor's subsequent banishment. The trio of scriptwriters  Ashley Edward Miller, Zack Stentz and Don Payne (working from an  effective origin story by J. Michael Straczynski and Mark Protosevich)  reserve the movie's wittiest lines for Thor's interplay with three  mortal beings- astrophysicist Jane Foster (Natalie Portman), her  gal-pal/assistant Darcy Lewis (Kat Dennings) and Jane's mentor, Dr.  Erik Sevig (Stellan Skarsgard), while Kenneth directs Thor's awkward  adjustment to life on Earth (an absolutely hilarious scene has Thor  storming into a pet store and asking for a horse to go about his  mission to find his mysterious magical hammer Mjolnir) with just the  right amount of infectious fun.  There's also an intercelestial romance thrown in for good measure, as  Thor and Jane develop a growing attraction for each other. But more  than just obligatory, the love between god and human becomes a lesson  in humility and self-sacrifice for the fallen Thor to pave his  restoration back to glory. Though thinly written, Portman makes the  best out of her role, and it is to her credit that Jane becomes an  engaging and believable character that the audience roots for. Portman  also shares a warm chemistry with Chris, which brings poignancy to  their relationship as well as Thor's subsequent transformation.  Thor's time on Earth is also used to forge the necessary narrative  links with "The Avengers", in the form of Clark Gregg's S.H.I.E.L.D.  agent Coulson, an unbilled cameo by Jeremy Renner as the archer  Hawkeye, and Samuel L. Jackson's Nick Fury appearance right at the end  of the credits. Fans of the Thor universe from the comic books will  also delight in the awe-inspiring presence of Heimdall (Idris Elba), as  well as Thor's entourage of Asgard warrior pals Sif (Jaimie Alexander),  Volstagg (Ray Stevenson), Fandral (Josh Dallas), and Hogun (Tadanobu  Asano).   These pals also add colour to the action sequences, which Kenneth  choreographs with surprising aplomb. He stages a thunderous battle very  early on as Thor leads an attack against the Frost Giants on the planet  of Jotunheim with every bit of might and muscle one would expect from a  clash of godly beings. There are at least two other money sequences-  Thor's duel with a hulking piece of metal known as the Destroyer (which  Coulson first tongue-in-cheek mistakes to be one of Stark's equipment)  in a small New Mexico town; and the thrilling climactic battle between  Thor and Loki back on Asgard.   But the star that holds it all together is really Chris Hemsworth, his  performance a well-calibrated blend of brawn and heart that will put  sceptics to rest. His physicality is apparent right from the start, but  Chris gradually reveals a winning charm and a heartfelt sincerity that  enables his audience to relate with his character's inner struggles. It  is a breakout star-making turn, which shows Chris adept at action,  comedy and even romance.   And certainly, it is to Kenneth Branagh's credit that these disparate  elements can belong so comfortably in a movie that also combines  mythology and science fiction. True to its origins, "Thor" is nothing  less than superhero entertainment, and a definitive A-list one -despite  the initial regard of its source character- that kicks off this summer  with a bang, boom and rumble.
평점: 10	리뷰: Surprisingly Thor has got the magic of an amazing, popcorn overflowing, comic-book movie. I have to say I was quite sceptical about this movie, the footage in the trailers looked pretty lame and stupid, but the great reviews I kept reading about this movie made me change my mind to go and see the movie.When I read that Kenneth Brannagh is directing Thor I had no idea what to think about it, I mean a renowned Shakespearean director and actor at the helm of a high-budget comic book movie? It just didn't seem like a good idea, but I didn't believe that Jon Favreau could pull off a good movie with Iron Man and he proved us wrong and so does Brannagh. It seems that Marvel has got good hand on picking the directors. The character of Thor is a tricky one to translate to screen. Firstly Thor isn't like other superheroes, he isn't human, he is a God, one who was worshiped by ancient Norsemen. The story might be simple but that doesn't matter if it's well told. Thor is cast down to Earth by his father Odin for his reckless actions that reignite an ancient war and is forced to live among humans. Thor is one of the most charismatic, arrogant, noble, physically imposing, powerful and romantic characters that have come on screen recently. Chris Hemsworth brings all that into the character so he proves himself as a great actor. Brannagh handles the action scenes very well. A guy huge like a mountain fighting his enemies with a hammer sounds silly but it looks great on screen. Hell, it actually kicks ass. The action is exactly how I expect it from a comic book movie: it's cheesy, little bit over the top, fun and kick ass. Brannagh was chosen for this movie for another reason, he knows that in a summer movie the action can't be simply there just for the sake of having action scenes in a movie. You need emotions and he delivers that through almost Shakespearean family tragedy. Anthony Hopkins as Odin is amazing, when he shouts "Silence" nobody ,even in the cinema, says a word. Tom Hiddleston gives here an incredible performance as Thor's devious brother Loki, who is scheming against everyone, hidden under this facade of a meek. Natalie Portman as a beautiful young scientist hasn't got much to do in this movie just to be amazed by Thor and you can see that she really is. When he kisses her hand as a noble man you can see how she is falling for him in love. I love how the writers incorporated S.H.I.E.L.D. into the story in such a casual way. Once again we get the marvelous Agent Coulson. His interactions with Thor are the funniest and also the most tense one. Idris Elba as Heimdall the guard is a perfect casting choice. He is calm, great in action scenes. He is just perfect. There is also Rene Russo as Thor's mother Frigga but unfortunately she doesn't get a lot of screen time.In the end this is exactly what you pay for and even more. Thor is one of the greatest comic book adaptations, it's funny, has great characters and actors,great score/soundtrack by Patrick Doyle, amazing visual effects, great action scenes. In my opinion it's a comic book movie the way they are supposed to be made.Watch out for a great Stan Lee's cameo and as usual with Marvel movies stay till the end of the credits for a genius post-credits scene.Thor will return in The Avengers.
평점: 8	리뷰: Blockbuster season thunders in with "THOR", the marvel studios live action comic book adaptation based on Norse Mythology. In a sprawling tale of Gods and Monsters, Marvel studio crafts a realistically human story in the vein of the critically acclaimed "Iron Man".Stripping away years of convoluted continuity and multiple interpretations, the creative team has combined the best of Thor's comic book incarnations to deliver a film that is both easily accessible to the casual watcher and pleasing to the hardcore comic fan. The only ones it might not please are die hard purists of Norse Mythology, for this is not their noble Viking God of thunder. Marvel's Thor is a proud pompous muscle man with a chip on his shoulder. In his eagerness to prove his might, he shattered a truce between his home realm of Asgard and the dreaded Frost Giants. For his actions, Thor is banished to earth in hopes that his exile would teach him humility and the value of life. Lo and behold, it is revealed that this turn of events was just the first step in a grand scheme by Thor's brother Loki, whose hidden agenda and ambiguous allegiance fuels much of the plot's intrigue. On earth, Thor is found and befriended by Jane Foster and her science team while his hammer, Mjolnir ends up in the possession of the government agency S.H.I.E.L.D. In order to return to Asgard, and before he can retrieve his hammer, Thor must first prove himself worthy of his power.Melding magic and science fiction with comedy and drama, the movie's first strength is in its narrative. It has spectacular special effects but never relies solely on that. Behind the top notch computer graphics beats a story about pride before the fall, about themes as basic as sibling jealousy and about some very human "Gods". Although blessed with skill and power, Thor, Sif, Loki and The Warriors three never act like immortal deities. They are like Childhood friends, like regular people. They get angry, they laugh, they squabble and they each have their own little quirks that make them memorable. If not for the computer generated scenery and stylish costumes, one would easily forget that these are mythological gods. Though it might seem a bit rushed at points and slow at others, the many plot threads are easy to follow and tie up nicely by the end.Thanks to a top notch cast, the acting is spot on though Natalie Portman and Anthony Hopkins (the two more well known stars) seem under utilized as Jane Foster and Odin respectively. The highlight is definitely Tom Hiddleston who plays Loki like an actor playing an actor. You never know if Loki's words are truth or more trickery for all the world is Loki's stage and every of his acts is a performance to advance some scheme.The sharper ones in the audience would no doubt notice similarities between the Thor and Iron Man movies. Both feature a protagonist who is full of himself until he gets taught a lesson, humbles down and decides to fight for the good of humankind, both protagonists have issues with their father, both encounter a threat from within their own ranks and both face off against giant machines in a climatic final battle. Thankfully these similarities are only fleeting. Both Thor and Iron Man also benefit from a good deal of well written humor which in Thor's case involves the banished deity trying to adapt to human life. Much hilarity ensues.Humour aside, the most important factor for a summer blockbuster is good action. In that regard, Thor delivers with wild abandon complemented by a remarkably glorious soundtrack by Patrick Doyle. Doyle is no stranger to modern magical mythology movies, having scored the likes of Eragon and Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire.Like the music, the film embraces its over-the-top comic book roots, as seen in the amazing production design and costumes. But while the action is big and poised to satisfy the adrenaline craving summer blockbuster crowd, director Kenneth Branagh seems to have become enamored with the "Michael Bay School of Camera-work". Tight close ups and shaky-cam neuter the otherwise epic battles. Action scenes like the flashback of Odin's war, or Thor and his friends' fighting their way through a Frost giant ambush, all lack a sense of scale and scope. Couple that with an ending that feels too abrupt and one gets the feeling that this is not the best that a "Thor" movie could have been, that Marvel is holding out on the audience, saving the best for later.Will lightning strike the same spot twice? Will marvel pull off another blockbuster as successful as Iron Man? If the abrupt conclusion of Thor is anything to go by, Marvel seems more interested in generating publicity for their 2012 "Avengers" movie. And that is exactly what this movie feels like, a set up for something bigger on the way.
평점: 9	리뷰: Based on comic book character of the same name published by Marvel Comics, 'Thor' is Entertainment At It's Best! Put on your 3D glasses, and I can assure you, your in for a roller-coaster ride, that is filled with stunning effects, entertaining moments & intriguing performances.Directed by Kenneth Branagh, 'Thor' tells the story Thor, The god of thunder based on the Norse mythological deity of the same name. It's the Journey of Thor, the powerful, arrogant yet heroic character, that is the latest addition to the host of Superheroes.The Writing is Spot-On from start to end. In fact, Thor and his entire motivations, powers & ark, come out wonderfully. The Action Sequences are bombastic, while the Special Effects, as mentioned before, are stunning and come as a pleasure to your eyes. The 3D impact is definitely not missing here, as there are truly clap-worthy moments that look even more bigger due to the glasses on.Kenneth Branagh's directs this Heroic tale, efficiently. And He is blessed with a catchy storyline & rich special effects. Cinematography is picture-perfect. Editing is good.Performance-Wise: Chris Hemsworth as Thor, is awesome and carries the film on his shoulders from start to end. He is indeed a mega-star in the coming time. Natalie Portman is very sincere. Sir Anthony Hopkins is okay, while Tom Hiddleston is every effective as the bad guy. Stellan Skarsgård & Kat Dennings are passable. Ray Stevenson, Idris Elba, Colm Feore & Joshua Dallas leave a mark. Rene Russo gets limited scope.On the whole, Don't give 'Thor' a miss. This one's a winner all the way!
평점: 9	리뷰: Where Michel Gondry, the acclaimed director of Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind (2004) and Be Kind Rewind (2008), had comically failed with The Green Hornet (2011), Kenneth Branagh, the respected director of Henry V (1989) and Hamlet (1996) succeeded with Thor. An extremely promising setup to Joss Whedon's The Avengers, which is slated for release in the summer of 2012, Thor is without any doubt the best film Marvel Studios has produced in recent years, even better than the Iron Man (2008, 2010) series, I'd reckon. In fact, one has to go back to Sam Raimi's Spiderman (2002) for any decent comparison with the quality of Branagh's work here.Any dissonance felt since Branagh was picked to helm Thor would have slowly evaporated in the first thirty minutes of the film. After all, it is a bold and risky move for someone who is known for brilliantly translating the theatrics and subtleties of Shakespeare's words into film form to challenge himself with a big-budget superhero movie meant for a popcorn-munching audience. Speaking of which, Thor is imbued with Shakespearean undertones of betrayal, sacrifice, and tensions among the hierarchical ruling family. Branagh brings a touch of humanistic, real- world sensibility to the fantastical setting, enlivening the film when it could have been dulled with flat visual effects.The story takes time to build up, and that effort is worth it, as it immerses viewers into three realms, that of Earth, Asgard (where Thor and his father, Odin, live), and Jotunheim (where the villains, the Frost Giants, live). The settings in each of these three realms play an important role as they give viewers the chance to visualize and juxtapose the worlds of these "mythical" characters. Action sequences fought in Asgard and especially Jotunheim, are well-directed with visual and sound effects becoming the main draw, appeasing Marvel fans who will get numerous opportunities to see Thor (and his oh-my-gosh-I-so-want- that-hammer) in action.In contrast, what happens on Earth is ordinary. But it remains to be the realm that provides the film with its most hilarious situations, and a romantic subplot involving the newly-crowned swan queen Natalie Portman, who plays Jane Foster. Thor is played by Chris Hemsworth, who as a new face to Hollywood, is surprisingly charismatic as an actor. Perhaps his charm plays out from his character, who from a brave but arrogant royal prince of Asgard becomes a lost soul on Earth, where he is banished to by his father (Anthony Hopkins) for inciting war with the Frost Giants.For a film that sees itself as a serious take on the Marvel universe, it is quite funny. The most laugh-out-loud moment occurs during a brief conversation between Thor and a pet store owner. Another milks humor from an Iron Man reference. Other moments take advantage of the "earthly" situations Thor find himself unable to adapt to. On a random note, I would advise Marvel fans to stay all the way till the end of the end credits for a snippet of what is to come in The Avengers.Thor, under the hands of Branagh, is an excellent example of how to do a superhero movie right. It has all the necessary elements that make a successful Hollywood blockbuster. By no means a great film, but it certainly aspires to be so. And for that and other reasons mentioned above, I shall lavish praise and give a recommendation.GRADE: A- (8.5/10 or 4 stars)(www.filmnomenon.blogspot.com)All rights reserved.
평점: 7	리뷰: I have not read the Thor comics, nor do I no much about the marvel incarnation other than the fact that he has a hammer. So I really am taking this film as it comes, I'm taking it as a fan of science fiction and superheroes. In my opinion the major leader in the comic book movie world is Batman, and mainly the most recent Dark Knight. I've always found some of the marvel stories a bit harder to swallow, and Thor is no exception to this. In a way Thors back story is probably the most far fetched, I'd even go as far to say its utterly ridiculous, however that almost added to the fun of it.Thor keeps it light all the way through to its conclusion, and the drama is always in the melodrama making it all the more likable. It has epic and outlandish action sequences and even louder costumes than its special effects. The romance between Natalie Portmans scientist and Thor is laughable, misconstrued and cheesier than the old Stilton in my fridge. But for some strange reason this film works. It is so very entertaining, and really very funny. It has an almost self aware attitude that lends itself very well to this particular story. Other films of this genre could have taken a leaf out of its book, choosing spectacle and comedy instead of heavy drama and characterisation made Thor far more pleasant than its rivals.Take a film like spider-man, that is almost as stupid, but attempts to make it more grounded.When it attempts go for laughs its very false and Peter Parker never raised much of a smile out of me. Thor on the other hand is beautifully humorous and a fairly flawed hero. On a more negative note, though funny, Thor at times experiences some turbulence when it comes to its actors. No one really knows quite how to play the supporting roles. Thors allies are to often a bit serious and self conscious for the pantomime that there leader puts on. Kat Dennings was an obvious standout and Portman was once again great, even if her performance doesn't quite match Black Swan, but was it ever going to match that performance.All in all I believe Thor is a very enjoyable ride. Non science fiction fans will undoubtedly hate this so steer clear if you're not. But generally if you like Marvel movies this will not put you off. Its got me very much in the mood for Xmen: First Class.
평점: 9	리뷰: Thor was a fun movie with the right balance between action, comedy and character focus. With Chris Hemsworth playing the some might say overlay buffed up Thor who is banished from his land by his Father and lands on earth. His performance is well worth a credit as his character must adapt to the new world he is in and Hemsworth does this well.Natalie Portman gives an amazing performance as Jane foster the scientist who takes in Thor is part of some hilarious moments but also dramatic and exciting scenes that you expect. The director does really well in again keeping the balance in the entire film! The story and the twists and turns in the film really gripped me the most with your typical good guys to bad and your ultimate battle between man and beast that captivates you throughout! Well worth a watch!
평점: 7	리뷰: I was waiting for this movie for a long time. Had very vague idea about THOR, only read in mythology about him and then knew that there is comic strip about him. So, I was very much excited and eager for this movie.3D: It was in 3D and that sucks. Most of the close-ups have not 3D effect. I know because I watched half of the movie without the 3D specs! It might be my cinema hall or the movie, but at the same theater I had watched "Megamind" which had some average 3D. Thor is bad 3D. Watch it in 2D medium only. Would cost you less and would not have to keep the heavy glass on your nose for 2 hours.Story: I had a faint idea about story. Its the beginning of Thor,so more explanation and less action. I did not come across one movie which handled a superhero beginning movie with balanced story and action; SpiderMan1 and Batman begins are such perfect movies to name. IN short Thor is long, and story is hurried.Direction and acting: Well he had nothing to do exceptional. Not much emotional scene. Only one scene of conflict with Loki and Odin, where Odin said nothing and Tom Hiddleston as Loki did good. Natalie Portman...obviously she signed this movie before "Black Swan" else she would have never accepted it. Has a hairline role, half of the time she is shouting to SHIELD personnel or her colleagues. Rest of the crew was average, nothing much to do apart from gasping...something landed(Thor)!!!...something landed again(hammer)!!!somethings(Thor's friends) landed again....something(that robot) landed again... see lotsa moments for gasping!!! That too I've not mentioned about when they launch to sky...Action: I'm disappointed here. A superhero movie to me is full of action and demise of villain. Isn't that the only reason we have superheroes?!!! Am I asking too much? To beat some police personnel we have Statham here who always becomes a baddie and beats the sh1t out of police guys in all his movies. If u bring a hero, give him a worthy opponent, else his greatness is shadowed...Editing: The length is too much and actions are far between. Should have been short. How long? Well, its 114 min and has less action than "Iron Man 2" Dialog: Few witty and funny lines and most of corny and clichéd lines.Summary: Watch it in 2D and have patience.
평점: 6	리뷰: Kenneth Branagh, the man who brought us Shakespearean masterpieces such as 'Hamlet' and 'Henry V', directs 'Thor', a marvelous summer-starter (even though there's still one month till summer begins).'Thor' stars Chris Hemsworth, a relatively unknown actor, as, you guessed it, Thor. Now from the trailers, it seemed to me that this was going to be yet another wannabe superhero flick with kick ass special effects and fight scenes, lacking any depth, and starring a talentless six-pack. Well I was wrong. 'Thor' is probably Marvel's best film, and I'd even go as far as saying that it is the third best superhero film of all time (right behind Christopher Nolan's masterpieces).The plot is as follows... Thor, the bloodthirsty warrior and heir, is banished from the eternal kingdom of Asgard by his father, Odin (Anthony Hopkins), after disobeying his command, to a distant realm... called Earth! Now he needs to get back, but his brother Loki (Tom Hiddleston), who was previously living in Thor's shadow, is proclaimed temporary king after his father collapses on a staircase, or something, and he doesn't want to let his cool brother back home, so Thor has to stay on Earth, with all the puny beings. He then falls in love with Jane (Natalie Portman), who is somewhat of a scientist, and changes his mind from "kill everybody who threatens my well-being" to "now wait a second, let's reason a bit here".The movie's directed by Kenneth Branagh, the director of masterpieces such as 'Henry V', in which his also starred in, and received two Oscar nominations for both directing and acting. He may also be known to some as the goof-ball professor Gilderoy Lockhart from 'Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets'. Here, he takes a break from acting, or producing, or writing, and just directs this masterpiece. Hollywood is really heading in the right direction with hiring artsy directors to direct explosion-explosion films. Another great example would be the upcoming 'Captain America: The First Avenger', directed by Joe Johnston, who brought us the very good coming-of-age story, 'October Sky'. I hope 'Captain America' is gonna be as good as 'Thor'. A part inside me somehow doesn't want it to be better, I don't why though.Alongside Hemsworth, star Jane's friends Erik Selvig (Stellan Skarsgård), and Darcy... something (Kat Dennings); Thor's friends Volstagg (Ray Stevenson), Sif (Jaimie Alexander), and Fandral (Josh Dallas/Cary Elwes-lookalike); and the nosy SHIELD agent, Coulson (Clark Gregg). The ensemble cast all give great performances, which aren't meant for you to remember, aside from Ray Stevenson, who is always awesome.The movie references a few other superhero films/comics, which is quite appropriate given the fact that 'The Avengers' movie is getting closer and closer. We can also see Jeremy Renner in a cameo probably as Hawkeye, he's also gonna play Hawkeye in 'The Avengers'. And, I didn't stay in the theater until the credits were over, but IMDb tells me that Samuel L. Jackson has a cameo after the credits as Nick Fury. - How exciting! I'm thinking of seeing it again just for that.'Thor' is the second superhero film out this year so far. The previous one was 'The Green Hornet', which was just a horrible attempt at mixing comedy with action. 'The Green Hornet' was however the first 3-D superhero flick. 'Thor' is in 3-D too, but I'd rather go with 2-D on this one, since there are too many shiny lights in the Asgard scenes, which would make my brain explode with 3-D glasses on.There are five superhero films in 2011, three of them are still unreleased. They are: the crappy '...Green Hornet'; the amazing 'Thor'; the comes-out-on-my-birthday 'X-Men: First Class'; the gonna-be-awesome 'Green Lantern; and my most anticipated film of the year, 'Captain America: The First Avenger'. I sincerely hope that they are all on the level of 'Thor'. I don't like repeating myself here, but something inside me forbids me from wanting the other films be better than 'Thor'. Maybe I'm crazy, I don't know.'Thor's special effects are spectacular, and deserving a Best Visual Effects Oscar nomination. From the epic battle scenes between the almighty gods, to the amazing scenes in Asgard, 'Thor's special effects are probably the greatest ones I've seen since 'Avatar', yeah! Plus, 'Avatar' kinda sucked from the story perspective, and 'Thor' is good on every level, so 'Thor' > 'Avatar', that's probably gonna set a certain individual off, I hope.Anyway... Under Branagh's gentle direction, 'Thor' is by far one of the best films of 2011, and right behind Nolan's Batmans as one of the greatest superhero films of all time, featuring a star-making turn by Chris Hemsworth - a Hollywood newcomer with a six-pack, and brains!Rating: ★★★★Comment on review here and sign up on my site: http://carlkevad.webs.com/apps/blog/show/6882606-the-god-of-thunder-
평점: 9	리뷰: It was always going to be a challenge to make a live action version of the fantasy hero Thor, but I think Kenneth Branagh has achieved it.Chris Hemsworth was impressive as the god of thunder banished from Asgard and all the main actors also were well acted. Tom Hiddleston was great as Loki, Thor's evil brother and while the connections to the other Avengers were in the film, it wasn't as blatant as Iron Man 2.Overall definitely worth watching on the big screen and make sure you stay to watch the bit after the credits.The bar has been set, next up is Captain America and how they will fit Thor, Hulk, Captain America and Iron Man into one film will be interesting to see!
평점: 9	리뷰: Thor truly defines the word "Blockbuster". It has an abundance of testosterone fueled action, a plethora of mind-blowing special effects, a hint of well-timed humor sprinkled throughout it's 111 minutes running time, and a powerful yet fragile protagonist that you actually care about by the time the credits roll.Hardcore Thor enthusiasts will be fully satisfied with this amazing adaptation of the Asgardian hero, and for the rest of us who have no knowledge or background on the Marvel character, it will still be an enjoyable and unforgettable ride.They cast the role of Thor perfectly, nobody else could have filled his shoes, Chris looks fit and healthy, and exudes the cocky arrogance that is associated with Thor during the first act. The pace doesn't slow down through the second and third acts also, and I was extremely impressed by this. The acting, in my opinion, was top-notch for a comic book adaptation, the only downfall for me was, surprisingly, Natalie Portman as Jane. I didn't really feel the chemistry between her and Chris was electric, and her part almost felt redundant and forced. But that is only a small imperfection in an otherwise perfect film. I highly recommend seeing this film, it lives up to the hype, which is rare for most summer blockbusters, but in the case of The Mighty Thor, thankfully it's true.9/10.
평점: 9	리뷰: There's no stopping – the Marvel family is coming. You probably recall seeing a glimpse of Thor's hammer a couple of years ago in the closing credit of "Iron Man 2", with Agent Coulson from Iron Man puzzling over it. Many realized immediately that it was Marvel family advertising. This time, there is more promised, a lot more, as we get glimpses of Hawkeye (Jeremy Renner) and Nick Fury (Samuel L. Jackson) in upcoming "The Avengers" which brings back the old, Iron Man (Robert Downey Jr) and Black Widow (Scarlett Johansson), as well as more of the new – Captain America (Chris Evans). What a party for 2012! But let's not stray too far from the present, Thor. As stated in the summary line, this movie offers an exceptionally coherent story. It's something like this, very roughly. Between the two most mighty of the nine "realms", Asgard and Jotunheim, a truce is about to be broken as a result of conspiracy and treachery. At the same time, in Asgard, with King Odin's two sons Thor and Loki just about ready to succeed him, a Boromir-Faramir syndrome (refer: Lord of the Rings) intensifies (but with a twist later). When against Odin's order Thor leads his favourite gang of warriors, Sif the Amazon and the "Warriors Three" (Volstagg, Hogun, Fandral) to attack Jotunheim (and what an action sequence!) he is banished to Earth (one of the nine "realms") where he encounters lovely scientific researcher Jane Foster and her fatherly mentor Erik Selvug. His banishment comes with the creator a huge crater in New Mexico and an Excalibur-like phenomenon that is his hammer (the aforementioned sneak preview). Agent Coulson is of course sent out to investigate. Meanwhile things are happening in both Asgard and Jotunheim. Revealing more specific details will be a disservice to the enjoyment of the movie, even with spoiler warnings. In general terms, I would say that on Earth, the stranger-in-a-strange-land development is somewhat predictable yet enjoyable to follow. In the mythical realms, the plot of double-double-double-crossing is surprisingly believable.My summary line has also made reference to the extraordinary cast. For the titular role, little know Chris Hemsworth is well cast, so there's no need to clamour for Brad Pitt. After "Black Swan", it's simple pleasure to see Natalie Portman in a more normal role of Jane Foster (actually a good role also for a young Jodi Foster). Anthony Hopkins as King Odin is natural, and the same can almost be said for Stellan Skarsgard as Erik Selvig. A majority of IMDb users in the IMDb discussion boards pick Tom Hiddleston's Loki as their favourite character and I can understand why. My own favourite actor (all-time) Canada's own Colm Feore nails King Laufey of Jotunheim, even behind the hideous mask of a makeup. Jaimie Alexander's cool beauty as Sif leave an impression even though this character is not depicted as Thor's love interest as in some of the published material. Tadanobu Asano, sometime referred to as "Japan's Johnny Depp", adds an exotic touch to the film as Hogun. Even though it's almost a cameo appearance, it's good to see as Frigga (Odin's queen) Rene Russo who have not had any major appearance for over a decade, since the remake of "The Thomas Crown affair". Clark Gregg as Agent Coulson you'll see a lot more of in future Marvel family releases. There is one question that everybody has been asking: why Kenneth Branagh? What made him interested in directing a 3D comic book adapted action flick? But does it really matter. What we have is a product that in among the best lately in this genre.
평점: 9	리뷰: It's been said that good comic books can often times outshine the best book, song, film, or television program. The in-depth story details, accompanied by amazing illustrations give comics their own identity. Well, then there's the rare case where film captures that and brings it to life. Such is the case with Thor.This Thor movie is amazing. You have the color & fun of Spider-Man, the darkness & mystery of Batman or X-Men and the grounded cool reality of Iron Man. Thor is massive but they played it just right.It's easy to see why Kenneth Branagh is considered a film making master. He delivered a film that looks and feels exactly like a live action Thor comic. (The good ones anyway) His detailed yet not too busy screen is filled with tender as well as cerebral moments but when it's Hammer time... run for cover!! This quote sums it up best for me..."Thor has a real emotional depth - it's unusually soulful for a superhero film. Yes, Christopher Nolan's Batman efforts had a similar sensitivity, though it came from a darker and, thus, ultimately less interesting place; Thor is more bittersweet. There's a hopefulness to the film, particularly its ending, that verges on elegiac. A winning blend of thrill and feeling, respect and irreverence, Thor lifts Marvel's movie stocks considerably" I can't believe how much I enjoyed this film.
평점: 8	리뷰: This was big daft fun. After a short sequence where Natalie Portman and her fellow scientists drive into this chap in the middle of an unexplained whirlwind, there is a lengthy sequence in Asgard. Asgard looks great (the Rainbow Bridge is phenomenal), the Norse Gods are all played well, and the action elements are beautifully done. Then Thor is cast down to Earth, powerless, to teach him a lesson, at which point a) things start to go pear-shaped in Asgard, and b) the goings-on on Earth are somewhat less engaging than those in Asgard, although there is some very well-judged comedy. But the last half hour or more is action all the way, both on Earth and in Asgard.I thoroughly enjoyed Thor, as did my companions (one of whom is far from a committed comics movie fan), and took pleasure in the way further elements are included to set up the Avengers movie - again, don't leave until after the credits. There are places where what you see on the screen screams "Kirby!" If I was to offer any criticisms, I would say: 1. There is a point where the pace drops somewhat about half an hour in; 2. There is quite a lot of it which reminded me of other movie (the small town battle reminded me of similar sequences in both Superman II and Supergirl); 3. Rene Russo is wasted. I imagine she features strongly in "Deleted Scenes." Natalie Portman never really convinced me. Kat Dennings was fun but underused. Idris Elba was a great Heimdall. Anthony Hopkins added an immeasurable amount of class as Odin - a strong ruler, absolutely assured as to his authority, but calm and compassionate when appropriate.But Chris Hemsworth is the big discovery here. His Thor is as nuanced as Chris Reeves' Superman/Clark Kent. A wonderfully enjoyable performance in a film which is non-stop entertainment.
평점: 8	리뷰: I went to see Thor on 28th april and i was very impressed with it. The effects were great and the actors/actresses did a good job. The romance was not to cheesy either.Thor is a good film to watch if your looking for something that will entertain you. I think it was just as good as Iron Man. I haven't read the comic so i cant say whether it was like it but i enjoyed it personally. Some of the scenes were visually amazing. The fight scenes were very good as well.I am a fan of most marvel films so this one did not disappoint. I felt the film told you enough of the story as well. I will definitely be buying this on DVD when it comes out. Stay for after the credits as well.Id give Thor 8.5 or 9/10.
평점: 9	리뷰: This, much like a few other comic book movies coming out this year, is one that doesn't have a massive fan base like Spiderman, Batman et al.To some this is a massive gamble of a film, I mean, Kenneth Branagh directing a movie like this? But it works on so many levels. Not only is the movie split into two, but this is the first of the Avengers movies that delves deep into the world of marvel, and sets a time line for the films.Iron Man 2 did well with CA's shield and Thors hammer, but this probably explains why Bruce Banner had that smirk on his face at the end of TIH, but also tells us that Thor was on earth when Stark was having is trouble with his demons, and when Stark met William Hurt ant the end of TIH.And also, we get to see Jeremy Remmer as Hawkeye, in a brilliant, if totally pointless, cameo.Thor could have gone either way, Branagh could have hammed it up to a Flash Gordon standard, but saves us with a dash of Theatrics whenever we are on Thors home planet. But strangely though, for me, the best scenes were the one where we see Thor as a fish out of water, when he first lands on earth.There are some truly hilarious sequences, and it almost reminds one of Universal soldier, where Devereux first escapes the U-sol unit and has to adapt to present day.Hemsworth, is great as the title character, doing serious, romantic, and funny with ease. Back on his home planet, we are treated to a truly non-hammy performance from Hopkins, which surprised me as i was expecting another Van Helsing turn from the great Welshman. Hiddleston also puts in a good performance as Loki, not overdoing the bad guy routine you would expect from a god of mischief.Russo should sack her agent though, she does nothing and is a waste, as is Portman, who gets her pay-cheque actually given to her halfway through the film.The action is minimal, but mind-blowing, and not 3D essential. The main set pieces show some good ideas and are loud and exciting enough. Whwn the destroyer lands on earth and attacks the town, it almost veers toward Masters of the universe territory, but thanks to additional characters,thoughts of He Man soon blow away.So it's another solid effort from Marvel, another superhero introduced to the masses that is worthy of a sequel, and one that has obviously had a lot of love and effort put into it.Of course there is the obligatory Samuel L. Jackson scene at the end which makes us salivate more for the forthcoming Avengers epic.Captain America may be the first Avenger, but he has a lot of work to do to brat this god.
평점: 2	리뷰: You have an estimated $150 million at you disposal. You have effects teams, writers, good actors, 3D, and basically the entire Norse mythology to explore and use. And this movie is all you can do?I expected a lot of this movie. There are a lot of nice stories and effects to be made exploring Thor, the god of thunder. This movie basically doesn't. If you read the studio's description of what the movie is about, you can almost figure out the entire main story line beforehand - it really is that unimaginative.The 3D use is on the level of "oh, look, that postbox is closer to me than the supporting cast in the background, but everything else is flat", which really isn't impressive - or even worth the money to see the movie at a 3D cinema. Even the computer animated stuff looks flat - like it was projected on a surface at a particular depth.There's a reason this movie premiered in Australia, Sweden and a select other European countries before the US - the studio hopes to at least be able to call it a "success in Europe" or post some favorable review from one of the perhaps more easily impressed countries.If you have nothing else to do, this might be a DVD to buy in a year, but unless you are easily impressed by anything that says "3D", or have a serious crush on Natalie Portman or Anthony Hopkins, see something else.
평점: 2	리뷰: The final pieces of Marvel's master plan are falling into place. Developing their key characters one film at a time and sowing the seeds of hype with post-credit teases, Marvel have prepared for 'The Avengers' with military precision. Next up is Thor – lesser known, but no less entertaining.Thor (Chris Hemsworth) is a prince of the mystical realm of Asgard. He is vain and impetuous, and his actions cause King Odin (Anthony Hopkins) to banish him to Earth to learn the meaning of humility. His jealous brother Loki (Tom Hiddleston), next in line to the throne, starts causing trouble in Asgard, and Thor must find a way back before it is too late.This was always going to be the tricky one. The protagonist is a god, and his story split between Earth and a supernatural realm. 'Thor' avoids the 'Clash Of The Titans' approach of making everything out of light and clouds, instead taking the graphic novels at face value, recreating the source material in all its straight-faced silliness.There are impractically tall gleaming golden towers, portals to different realms and a bridge made out of rainbows – Asgard may not be realistic but it is beautifully realised. Add to this the warriors of different powers, all clad in armour and capes - and you have more than enough camp epic-ness to rival 'The Lord Of The Rings'.Despite all its pomp, 'Thor' doesn't really feel like a traditional superhero film. There is no discovery process, no trial and error montage. Most of the time Thor doesn't even have powers. The point of his character is that he is the opposite of the traditional superhero. Thor begins with god-status, but he must learn what it is to be a man.'Thor' is a Shakespearean tale at heart, with themes of power struggle, sibling rivalry and lessons in morality – making Kenneth Branagh an appropriate choice for director. He tells a very human story about gods, striking a balance between the film's two settings: epic melodrama for the lords of Asgard and endearing naivety for the mortals of Earth.Thor's adjustment to life on Earth presents huge potential for comedy. Infrequent slapstick is used to great effect, but the main highlight is the fish-out-of-water humour, which is hilarious. Handled with restraint, the comedy is never embarrassing. It is perfect way to frame Thor's development, which is where the film shines.Chris Hemsworth makes a fantastic Thor. He starts off with a confident swagger, a booming voice, and a cocky smile that shows he's in control. As the movie progresses and he finds humility, he tones it down appropriately. Hemsworth's performance is natural and convincing, genuinely coming across as an arrogant god learning a lesson.The film's strength in character is let down by the action. There's not enough of it, Thor's hammer is underused, and the set pieces are less epic than you would expect from a god of thunder. There are instances of jaw-dropping spectacle, but the rest is forgettable, poorly shot and poorly edited.The editing doesn't just dampen a couple of scenes. Too much has been taken out of the film, which makes the development seem somewhat rushed. Some relationships feel a little forced, like the budding romance between Thor and Natalie Portman's character. It feels like when you skip a chapter on a DVD – not disastrous but not complete.Overall, 'Thor' is everything a comic book movie should be. It is balanced between its fidelity to source material and its accessibility to newcomers, between over-the-top seriousness and light-hearted fun. This is a good film, although an extended cut would make it great.
평점: 8	리뷰: "THOR" is probably one of my favorite superhero movies, it has a good rhythm, really good interpretations, a gorgeous soundtrack and of course... amazing special-effects.It's a movie that leaves a good taste, will be amazing for 8-12 years-old boys, and pretty funny for the older ones.It doesn't care if you are a huge fan of the Marvel Universe or if you have ever touched a comic-book, it's a great movie to hang with friends or with your child (if you have) even with little brother or family, a good movie with amazing special effects, a good script and hilarious interpretations (In the good sense).I also recommend you to watch it on 3D, the experience is amazing because it can be considered, by far one of the best movies with the 3D effect, TOTALLY RECOMMENDED!SPOILER: If you want to see Nick Fury... you gotta wait for the end of the credits and if you're a huge fan of the Marvel Universe, you will get a pretty nice surprise about what's next.
평점: 7	리뷰: I highly recommend "Thor" to anyone willing to go on this type of escapist journey, which was prepared clearly as a fun inducing devise. It has all of those elements of good Marvel film. It is colorful, full of great CGI(3D really gets it job done well this time), deprived of unnecessary weight on plot(it is rather simple, yet not stupid), and it doesn't overstay its welcome, running just below 2hrs mark(but stay for an extra scene after the credits). Also it features very good performances all around. I was really impressed by newcomer Chris Hemsworth, who played lead role. It was spot on choice to go with him, instead of some more famous face, since he's done his job almost impeccably in a clearly star making role. Other players were very solid also, with beautiful Natalie Portman as main female character, Sir Hopkins in surprisingly long supporting role, and other fine actors(like Ray Stevenson, who was so disguised I only recognized him after the movie). I must say that it is best movie of it's kind since first Iron Man, and definitely in top group of comic book adaptations. Great way to start off summer time in cinemas, and let's just hope that what will follow this season(Transformers 3, Green Lantern, Captain America etc.), will be at least around that good.
평점: 8	리뷰: I thought the character of Thor would make a ridiculous lousy film but, surprisingly for good, Branagh applies his shakespearean expertise to deliver a great story beautifully told.There's a couple of cheesy lines but I guess they're needed to appeal to a younger audience. Action sequences are just great, seeing Thor fight is a thrill.If you're a Marvel fan, keep your eyes open for tons of easter eggs. Nerdgasm.I wouldn't recommend watching it in 3D, by the way. Not worth it.8/10---SPOILER ALERT---There's a reference to Bruce Banner in the film. When it happened I instantly thought of Ed Norton; I'm not sure if building all this expectation and then showing the audience a Dr. Banner with a different face will work. Still looking forward to The Avengers, though.
평점: 6	리뷰: (sigh). I really don't know what went wrong. Or rather I do, but simply don't understand why it was aloud to happen. Thor is flashy, exciting, and at times, downright epic. It's only when the film slows down (and it does this A lot) and the actors are forced to rely on the script, that the premise begins showing holes.Thor was going to be tough sell from the beginning. Superhero films were hard enough to market due to some of the source material just being to silly to adapt to screen. Even comic book fans (which I am) can admit that some of the more ludicrous Batman villains (if you're in the mood for a laugh, look up Calenderman) could never make it in the serious, gritty, plausible world of Christopher Nolan. The same goes for any other superhero film. There must be an attempt to ground the more fantastical elements into realism or the audience will taken out of the movie. It's a fine line between realistic, and believable. Thor is about the Norse God of thunder, who's been banished to earth for starting a war with Frost Giants, leaving his sorcerer brother Loki, to plot against his father and all of Asgard; the home of the Gods.Thor doesn't fit into realistic or believable, to say the least, so that was the first strike. But would not have been the ending blow. Fantsy has done will in the past for summer movies (See Lord of The Rings). But when Thor is bluntly introduced to the very nonmagical world of Midgard (That's Earth doncha know), your mind is suddenly faced with a juxtaposition. This meeting of two very different worlds can work. If the script is any good. And this is Thor's problem.The dialog feels really wooden at times, and the interactions between Thor and the lesser characters (see everyone who's not Natile Portman), is never developed on. Thor and Jane's relationship just seems forced, as does everything else that's character motivated in this plot. When the film delivers an action sequence, it delivers one HELL of an action sequence. The fights are amazing, and creative, and the effects really show where most of the money went. The acting is great, if hammy at times, and there are no bad actors. There just simply isn't a lot to work with in terms of script. There are some lines that, while emotion is clearly being delivered behind them, just sound flat out silly, and create unintentional comedy.For what material there was to work with, Chris Hemeisntworth, delivers a more then adequate performance, coming across as the right amounts of kind, confident, but arrogant and angry to a fault. Natiel Portman, feels a bit wasted here, but she delivers a passable performance. Thor is by no means a bad movie, or even a bad superhero movie. Where more of Iron Man 2 territory, rather then Dardevil here. But a poor script keeps the God of Thunder from being great.
평점: 9	리뷰: 1- Let me say first that consider throughly and acknowledge you are going to watch a Marvel production before you go to this movie. If you don't like the genre and you are not bored to death or want to spend some time all alone&with friends do not pay for this movie.2- Now, for those who are interested in Norse mythology only but not Marvel comics, you may get disappointed because story has its inconsistencies like how Odin lose his eye not to mention Ragnaros. Hell even when Sif says "I'd die a warrior's death" Thor, disagrees..3- Action scenes. I don't know if It was just me but 3D implementation to movie makes action scenes especially close combat scenes "a bit!" vague. You don't know whats going on there. I mean seriously .. Other than these close combat scenes where camera angle is terribad 3D go along with the movie well.4- Humor: I think humor is well implemented in the movie. Makes you(me anyways) laugh often. Makes movie more watchable.5- Romance Scenes: Didn't like it a bit. Too hasty to happen anything. You do not understand the relationship between a god and a mortal. You quite put your finger at it. It makes you think that there is something missing in it. If you think yourself as qualified to watch from previous topics go ahead and watch this movie. I don't think anyone would dislike the movie just because of this.6- Overall: I myself, rate movies for a single fact. If I ever checked my watch in the cinema. Well I am glad to say I haven't. It was easy and entertaining to watch.
평점: 7	리뷰: the movie delivers pretty well. i think the best thing about marvel studios is that they have a big interest in the characters themselves. the performances made the movie for me. the story is not as twisty as i have expected but it does not bore at all. the battle scenes are awesome but there's a lesson to learn, don't watch marvel movie trailers ever again. All the action sequences are shown in one way or another in the trailers (just like iron man 2), but it was great fun, I'm gonna definitely watch it again and i know I'm not the only one. i loved Chris hemsworth as Thor, he was the best part of the film in my opinion (robert Downey and Edward Norton were the best part of their respective films also, so we can conclude marvel is doing a damn freaking great job) plus the scene where selvig and Thor return to the trailer after some drinks is priceless... the 2 cameos were great as well.
평점: 10	리뷰: My title really sums up how I perceived this great movie. I just returned home from watching this tonight. And holy cow, Mr. Brannagh really delivered!! When Kenneth Brannagh was announced as Thor's director, I was really expecting something great from the one who directed various Shakespeare adaptations. I've only saw his remake of "Sleuth", and despite weak ratings from the critics I really liked that crime flick. I really loved how he handled the characters. Brannagh really knows how to set the stage for clever and suspenseful drama. Furthermore I adore him as an actor (my IMDb nickname says you that).So as a longtime comic-book fan I was really excited getting to see a visually spectacular and dramatic comic-book adaptation by a skillful director. And boy my expectations were fulfilled. F...... hell, this rocked!! The (first two) X-men and Iron Man movies were always said to be the Marvel Masterpieces when it comes to movie adaptations. Personally I always thought these movies to be entertaining, but not much more. They didn't really deliver an epic feeling. They didn't introduce you to a fantastic world in all it's glorious beauty that wants you to explore it. "Thor" just delivers all that. To me "Thor" stands as the best Marvel comic-book-movie till now, by far...First of all, the characters are really likable and portrayed in a realistic way. All character developments don't seem to be forced. The most interesting character is Loki. At the beginning I really felt sympathy for him. It is until a tragic revelation, where his character undergoes a change to a more evil side, but even then some of his behaviors seem to be understandable. The father-son conflict is portrayed brilliantly. Kenneth Brannagh at his best!!This movie is visually outstanding and some scenes, like for example the prologue, deliver this "LotR" feeling that gives you the goosebumps. There are many memorable shots that are purely majestic. When Thor, Sif and the Warriors Three ride on the Bifröst it just shouts "pure awesomeness" into your face. Many scenes on Asgard are just spot on. The buildings on Asgard seem to be based on a hybrid of krypton and middle-earthen architecture. The visuals on this world show the advanced, noble and god-like status of the Asgardians. Asgard is depicted as a heavenly and unbelievably beautiful realm in the never-ending depths of the cold space. It provides a subject for speculations, if the Asgardians are indeed gods with magical powers, or if they are extraterrestrial beings with technology far beyond our understandings, but the movie doesn't really discusses this issue and leaves it to the audience to give an opinion in this matter. What else can be said? The action was exciting. While the frost-giant-battle on Jotunheim was a bit visual overkill and at some parts almost cartoony, the fights on earth were harsh, gritty and bloody. Brannagh really handled the different worlds very well. On earth, humor was predominant, the scenes on Asgard stood out for Shakespearian drama, while Jotunheim delivered a creepy and threatening atmosphere. The CGI-Environments were all breathtaking. There were sequences (Bifröst, Asgard mainly) that really were out of this world. All in all, the visual effects were amazing and god-worthy. The score was magnificent, it perfectly captured the proudness and courage of the Asgardians.I gave "Thor" a 10 out of 10. It surely is on of the best movies of it's kind. I stands up there with "The Dark Knight", "Star Trek", "Avatar" and "Inception". It's the perfect Blockbuster.
평점: 8	리뷰: Awesome, superb, epic!!! I've yet to see a movie that made me so eager to see it as "Thor", I really couldn't wait for the premiere and... I wasn't disappointed, not one bit. The new Marvel movie about the Norse God of Thunder has the potential to become a top 3 best of all time superhero movies. While standing in the theatre and watching it for 2 hours made me feel like only 10 minutes had past since i've sat down, the story sums up pretty much all the essentials of the Mighty Avengers STORY, Hemsworth does a great job as the thunderer , great acting, a lot of charisma, he was cast perfectly,good accent too, excellent performance by Hopkins and an ever more impressive one by Hiddlestone as Loki. Special effects were superb, (Asgard looks amazing)but not forced over the edge, the movie has it's parts that make you laugh and also the fighting scenes are superb and sufficient, I couldn't have wanted more or less! Idris Elba does an excellent Heimdall and personally I loved Jaimie Alexander as Sif. The story really sticks together, Brannagh did a wonderful job from top to finish. Having already seen Iron man 1 and 2 and the Incredible Hulk, and now Thor, the big picture is starting to be clear: can't wait for Captain America! I just want to say AVENGERS! ASSEMBLE! This is my very first review, and I did it because I loved "Thor"so much and I hope you will too and that this will be helpful!
평점: 6	리뷰: When Marvel announced its intentions to create a film based on The Avengers, most fanboys cheered with delight. I remain to be incredibly interested in what the company and Joss Whedon have in store for us next summer, but in the interim we have Thor and Captain America: The First Avenger to look forward to. While every new image and trailer has kept me excited for Cap's entrance, I have always remained skeptical on Thor. The trailers did nothing to help my hesitation going into the film, and after watching it, I am even more apprehensive Marvel's future plans.Thor (Chris Hemsworth) is a ridiculously powerful god living in the "realm" of Asgard. He is due to be crowned king by his father Odin (Anthony Hopkins), but during his commencement, Asgard is briefly invaded by rogue members of the Frost Giants, a group who hold a long standing truce with Asgard. After acting out recklessly and endangering the lives of his warrior companions, Odin strips Thor of his godly powers and his hammer Mjolnir and exiles him to Earth. As he searches for hammer, Thor ends up in the care of Jane Foster (Natalie Portman), a scientist studying wormholes, constellations and the causes for certain spatial phenomena.I find it incredibly difficult to go even further trying to describe Thor. The ending is ridiculously obvious moments after the film begins, and the proceeding moments make no attempt at trying to do something outside of playing by-the-numbers. Origins are vaguely discussed, and there is such little emphasis on character development and explanation that you wonder why Marvel even bothered giving the character his own film in the first place. The best part of the film is the initial introduction to Thor, Asgard and the powers possessed by these godly warriors. Everything past his exile feels secondary and almost useless.One of these reasons is the simple fact that Thor's journey on Earth is not interesting in the slightest. It is the battles, the characters, the settings on Asgard that offer the most fascinating, engaging and enjoyable scenes in the entire film. The film has a habit of jumping back and forth between what is occurring on Asgard as Thor treks on Earth. Almost every time, I found myself more focused watching those scenes that keep jumping in, and was ridiculously bored by everything else. I figured these scenes would be the most satisfying parts of the film, but never figured they would make me totally oblivious of everything else that was happening.But I digress, because it seems like the plotting and story existed only because Marvel needed some time to show Thor off to anyone who does read comics on a regular basis. He is the character with the most "development" in the film and his role in the film is defined merely to tease how he comes on S.H.E.I.L.D.'s radar and becomes a part of The Avengers. Hell, they even go so far to only give us small dialogue exchanges, a few nods and two awesome cameos as they build towards that film (unlike Iron Man 2, whose second half revolves almost entirely around increasing audience awareness), and spend the rest of the time trying to tell us who Thor is. I appreciated less emphasis on Avenger lore, but considering Thor is not an incredibly exciting character, that appreciation can only go so far. Special effects wise, the film is a mixed bag. Many of the scenes on Asgard are simply astounding to watch. They are truly breathtaking, and provide one of the only reasons anyone should bother watching the film. But a lot of the fight scenes are the exact opposite. They move too fast, are hard to see, and are almost cartoonish in nature. I know Thor and his warrior compatriots exist in a place of pure fantasy, but that does not mean everything has to look so preposterous. The 3D adds to a few of these scenes and makes them infinitely more impressive. But at the same time, it also helps mask how terribly composed a lot of them are as well. Hemsworth as Thor is one of the other small amount of reasons to see the film. He is built like a tank, and has a powerful aura about himself. He easily embodies the character's superhuman abilities with ease, and makes something as silly as waving a hammer look ridiculously bad-ass. He transcends the role, and stays strong throughout, whether playing the character as an arrogant and pompous warrior, or a meek and mostly powerless stranger. He has a lot of fun with the role, but he never forsakes or even attempts to not take the role deadly serious. Sadly, much like the interchangeable story, the majority of the supporting cast simply does not match up to the power of Hemsworth's performance. Portman, fresh off her Oscar win, is supposed to be a brilliant scientist. But one look at Thor, and she is thrown into a giggling schoolgirl like trance that she is unable to shake for the entire film. Stellan Skarsgård is decent, but he does nothing outside of answer a few questions and hint at future developments. Kat Dennings exists solely for comedic purposes. Hopkins and Idris Elba are two stand outs, but they are so horrendously underplayed that it is practically criminal. I was actually really impressed by Tom Hiddleston's performance as Thor's brother Loki and Clark Gregg as Agent Coulson of S.H.E.I.L.D. But sadly, they can only do so much in light of being overshadowed. While there is quite a bit to enjoy about Thor, there is way too much to dislike. It had potential to be something great even with what it has working against it, but it sadly just never makes anything for itself. It exists merely to help Marvel fit an agenda. And Kenneth Branagh seriously directed this? You could have fooled me.6/10.
평점: 10	리뷰: I went to see Thor without having read a single critic or even seen a trailer. I went in expecting to see a boring movie but I came out having really enjoyed myself... but then again I am not Norwegian! If you have a very basic knowledge of Scandinavian mythology, then you will probably miss all the twisted parts of the mythology here and you will just enjoy a very enjoyable film for what it is... nicely fast paced, visually impressive and enjoyable.I suppose I feel about this film like I felt about Percy Jackson... I couldn't enjoy the film because as a Greek I was SO annoyed by all the inaccuracies and twists of a mythology I grew up with and know well. I guess the Norwegian feel the same way...I gave it a ten because I really liked it! It had everything, action, adventure, romance and a good pinch of comedy, we all laughed quite a few times.** Here come the spoilers ** Thor, the son of Odin lives with his brother Loki in Asgard and he is to succeed his father to the throne. He is brave but a bit of a hot head so when their biggest enemy, the Frost Giants, find a way into Asgard on his big day, he of course wants to go after them. Odin forbids it but he goes off anyway which earns his banishment...into 2011 Earth!! Stripped of his powers and his beloved Mjolnir, his hammer of the Gods, he must grow as a person first, put others before himself and prove himself if he is ever to be a god again and be allowed to return to Asgard and the throne.There he meets the sweet and slightly awkward astrophysicist Jane (Portman) and we have quite a few funny scenes and quite a bit of sparks flying off between them. When S.H.I.E.L.D (remember then from Iron Man?) find out about the Mjolnir which is in the desert of New Mexico and nobody can lift it, they take over ... and the fun begins..Nice story with quite a few twists, likable characters (even if a bit one-dimensional but this is a fantasy fast paced adventure, so we don't care much!), lovely visual effects and big names delivering as expected... and not really too scary even for 10 year olds!!

영화제목: Ant-Man
평점: 10	리뷰: This movie is incredible. A ton of fun with brilliant action and hilarious dialogue this is another fantastic win for Marvel. Paul Rudd plays a likable and charismatic hero who really makes you root for him and his goals. Michael Pena is the real heist of this film as he steals every scene that he is in. Corey Stoll as the villain was a fantastic choice from Marvel. He can play the corporate business man and an intimidating villain. The visuals are stunning in this film. All of the tiny ant scenes are visually outstanding and hilarious. The are two post credit scenes which are fantastic and really tie into the larger universe. Ant Man is a fantastic movie which is worth your money and I suggest that you see it in cinemas.
평점: 10	리뷰: This movie exceeds all expectations. From a tight and streamlined plot, to outstanding performances from the cast. This isn't a simple comedy. It's a movie with depth and heart. The cast gave great performances from top to bottom keeping the viewer engaged. Paul Rudd is another great choice as lead from the Marvel casting department. Michael Douglas gives a signature performance as Hank Pym, and Evangeline Lilly is another kick-ass female character in the MCU. Oh yeah, Michael Pena stills the show with his comedic timing. The action in this movie is like nothing you've ever seen. And the comedy was on point throughout. The heart of the movie is it's focus on a father's love for his daughter, and what he'd do to show that love and protect her. All in all an amazing release from the House of Mouse.
평점: 9	리뷰: Marvel returns to top form after the extremely underwhelming and disappointing 'Avenger's: Age of Ultron' to give us 'Ant-Man'. It is the 12th film in the long running cinematic franchise. A refreshing look at a whole set of new character and a whole new adventure to accompany them. This for me is without a doubt one of the best MCU films, if not marvel films in general, to come out in recent years. With an intelligently written, charming and HILARIOUS script. WITHOUT a doubt Marvel's funniest movie to date. The dialogue in this movie has Edgar Wright written all over it. There's not a joke that doesn't hit at least one member of the audience. Lines that nobody laughed at I understood the references and found them to be hilarious. It definitely has a style of humour that will cater to all kinds of people. But it isn't a comedy, it's just unbelievably funny, at heart it's a heist film. And a damn good one at that It never diverted off track as many blockbusters in recent years have done. It was a well told plot, it never really felt convoluted or messy. When one arc was being told it stuck to that one arc and it was clear cut and you always knew what was happening on screen when it was happening. As I've stated in my previous paragraph it's obvious to any one that this was in some parts written and influenced by Edgar Wright. Some of the coolest and likable characters in the whole of the MCU appear in this movie. Every word that came out of Michael Peña's mouth had me in stitches, he was one of the many highlights of the movie. One of which being Paul Rudd as the titular character. With such charisma and character he graces the screen and the majority of the scenes he's in, well, any scene without Peña that is. Having such a likable person play a very down on his luck guy who's just trying to turn his life around and be a better father to his daughter really adds to the sympathy you feel for the character. And makes you want him to succeed. I liked how they stuck to the mythos of Scott Lang, having him be a thief and a crook, having him steal the suit from Hank Pym (Michael Douglas) was straight out of the comics. Unlike with Tony creating Ultron instead of Pym. It's definitely one of the most 'close to the source material' marvel films to be released which is something admirable in itself. All the little details like having the daughter of Hank, Hope, added into the mix. The story of how Janet died wasn't exactly accurate but it worked perfectly with the story. It seemed like a good way of going about it, it added emotion and depth to the characters to make you care for them more. To which the critics say there was no emotional weight, but when you have likable characters in a movie played by likable people and a well written script to go along, you definitely start to feel sympathy for them in a way that it doesn't feel shoehorned in. Unlike again, the Black Widow and Bruce Banner love interest or the death of a certain character. It isn't forced in there out of the blue to make you care how they end up. You care because of how well they're written. You may feel like in nitpicking and bashing Age of Ultron but I'm not, these little detours have a reason. That reason is the right and wrong way to do it. And this was definitely the right way. The villain: He wasn't top tear MCU villain like, in my opinion Loki and, who else? Nope just him. He wasn't in it a huge deal. He wasn't really fleshed out, but I could see from the trailers that he wasn't really going to be. He showed emotion and reasoning that could seem justifiable to some. But he never had a just cause, the story of why he was doing what he was doing wasn't really explained. He just seemed angry at Hank for tossing him aside. It felt in a way like a good old fashion revenge story but with a slightly different agenda more than it did anything else. He could have been a little more developed, but it's marvel, what can you do? He was menacing and Corey Stoll portrayed him quite well considering what he was given. I think another thing I liked about this movie was it's use of CGI and special effects. It wasn't overbearing like in *Cough* Age of Ultron *cough*, sorry. It was well used, it was easy on the eyes and not shoved right in your face like he whom shall not be named. It was just the right amount. The action scenes are great, there's levels of threat that you feel. You feel kind of suspenseful, not much but it's definitely there. The parts where the main characters were in peril weren't as life threatening as they maybe could have been. But these are minor if not unnoticeable discrepancies.All in all 'Ant-Man' is a SUPER FUN MOVIE, I had a ball with this film. I was in hysterics as the humour hit a good 90% of the time. Action is realistic and believable and the villain while not very fleshed out was threatening on screen. This movie is, as Jeremy Jahns would put it. AWESOMETACULAR!!
평점: 7	리뷰: After being victimized by the bait and switch tactics of Age of Ultron, Ant-Man is a nice surprise.I was skeptical of this outing at the hands of the disappointing would be spectacle that was AoU, but here Paul Rudd turns out to be the right choice in a role that could've easily gone sideways. Like Man of Steel, which was a sci-fi alien invasion film masquerading as a comicbook movie and Winter Soldier which was political thriller, Ant-Man is a genre film, in fact it has more in common with an 80s or 90s heist movie than it does Avengers, and that's not a bad thing.The only complain I have is that certain elements dragged out for far too long, the movie could've been tighter.Overall this is a solid 7/10 movie.
평점: 10	리뷰: I am a big superhero fan both DC and Marvel. Recently though I have found some of the superhero movies a bit hit and miss and not as great as some people have made out. I was lucky enough to win tickets to see the premier of this film in 3D. I went in quite positive as I had seen the trailers of this movie and enjoyed them. Well after seeing this movie I can honestly say I enjoyed this movie as much as I enjoyed Guardians of the Galaxy. Paul Rudd did a great job of being a guy who is struggling in life and made some bad decisions even if they were for good intentions. He got the humour right and played the action right as well. Michael Douglas was well cast as Hank Pym and the story was really good from start to finish. The humour in this film was brilliant and done in the right areas of the film. The visuals are fantastic and the scenes where Paul Rudd is learning to become Ant Man as well as the fight scenes are top notch and when he shrinks to ant size you really do believe it is real. I thoroughly recommend seeing this film as it stands out well as it's own movie rather than a stepping stone to others. All Marvel fans and superhero fans need to see this. Here is hoping they do all films as good as this in the future
평점: 3	리뷰: Watched Ant-Man Featuring Paul Rudd(I Love You Man) as Scott Lang, Evangline Lily(The Hobbit:There and Back Again) as Hope Van Dyme, Michael Douglas(Wall Street) as Hank Pym, Corey Stoll(Non-Stop) as Darren Cross/Yelllowjacket The Films Main Villain For a Marvel Studios Superhero Film it is the Worst one yet also The film attempts to take A not so Cool Bug and Mesh with Honey I Shrunk The kids concept also Paul Rudd acts Likes Himself and is Very Wooden also The Film is Badly Written Evangline Lily Should've never signed on and Actress at her caliber and Rashida Jones was much suited for her role is not worthy of this terrible movie also the Whole Concept is too goofy for a superhero this The Batman & Robin of The Marvel Cinematic Universe I recommend you See Tranks Fantastic Four Movie that features actual Superheroes and This The 2nd Worst Movie Of 2015 Behind 50 Shades of Gray 3/10
평점: 10	리뷰: Marvel have gave us a couple of good films from avengers to captain America winter soldier and they have also given us some awful films like the first captain America to avengers 2 age of ultron! But this goes to show that if you go back to the original comics you will always deliver and Ant-Man is nothing but spectacular and by far the best Marvel comic universe film they have ever DONE. Paul rudd plays a good scott lang but for me corey stoll (darren cross/yellowjacket) steals the show the action is epic the comedy and gags are timed perfectly which as we know marvel always mess up with this part but can happly say they got it SPOT ON with this film. Ant-Man got the film it deserves seen as tho the original and first ever avengers was Ant-Man and the wasp, pay attention to the 2 yes thats right 2 post credit scenes as it will give you a big glimpse how it all comes together.
평점: 10	리뷰: "Scott, I've been watching you for a while, now. You're different. Now, don't let anyone tell you that you have nothing to offer." Dr. Hank Pym (Michael Douglas)The little Ant-Man movie has much to offer: a likable, understated Marvel hero, a believable story of families in transition, and fewer explosions than any other blockbuster this summer or any time for that matter. In other words, it's my fav Marvel, a shrink-wrapped Iron Man with more humor than Tony Stark has altogether in his Avengers canon. Think a minimalist Guardians of the Galaxy to get an idea of the fun.Paul Rudd plays Scott Lang/Ant-Man, an ex-con with a big heart, who wants to win visitation rights with his young daughter. Rudd has the sweetness, comic timing, and athletic composure to be a pint-sized hero with a smile: "No, I'm the Ant-Man! I know, it wasn't my idea." Join him with classy-actor Michael Douglas as the scientist, Dr. Hank Pym, who started it all by creating the suit that could shrink Scott to bug size but with very big power (in the comics, Pym also created Ultron). Pym says, with characteristic seriousness and only a hint of sarcasm: "This is not some cute tech like the Iron Man suit!"It's not Hulk's size or Thor's hammer giving Ant-Man the otherworldly strength—it's the suit and the armies of insects he commands that can infiltrate even the most secure system. Rudd's low-key charm makes him standout from most Avengers for his diffidence and sense of irony. Tony Stark has the sense of humor but lacks Scott's everyman subtlety. Because Ant-Man is essentially about family bonds (even Pym needs his daughter's affection and allegiance), it has a more congenial and humane feel than other spectacles in the Marvel universe.Notice how CGI can take 30 years off Michael Douglas and also make us believe we are in Lilliput where our hero, Ant-Man, rides "Anthony," a sizable flying insect. It's all summer fantasy but done with unusual grace and humor: "Sorry I'm late, I was saving the world. You know how it is." Scott
평점: 8	리뷰: Baskin-Robbins always finds out. - Scott LangWalking into the cinema... Hopefully, Marvel does not take themselves too seriously with this film and we can all have some fun with the action. Overall Rating: 4.25 stars Cinematic value: 4.5 stars Big questions value: 3 starsMarvel is attempting to pull off a heist. Ant-man is their opportunity to prove themselves in another cinematic genre. Paul Rudd (Role Models) as the lead in this miniature hero caper is a stretch to consider for heroics, but the whole concept of Ant-man movie is a stretch. It is possible that this comedic actor could be right to provide the 'nudge, nudge, wink, wink' element of this heist film, but can this film be taken seriously?Rudd plays the con-man, Scott Lang who is recruited by Dr. Hank Pym (Michael Douglas) to pull off the recovery of another super-suit that provides the same abilities as the Ant-man suit. Pym was the original mini powerhouse and alongside his daughter Hope (Evangeline Lilly) attempts to mentor the brilliant burglar. They strive to use his less than savoury skills as a thief to save the world and to fill the hero role that has been repressed for years. The Pyms and Lang must team up to stop the plans of Darren Scott (Corey Stoll) who has sinister plans for Dr. Pym's formula and the new yellowjacket suit. For Lang, the motivation to save the world comes secondary to saving his relationship with his daughter which provides a fascinating restoration theme to this mad-capped adventure. In the end, can director Peyton Reed (Yes Man) manage the daunting task of making this microscopic hero into a believable superhero?Let all the doubt and scepticism cease, Reed delivers on this formidable task. He proves that size does not diminish the impact of this superhero within the Marvel Universe. Most comic book adaptations have well placed dialogue and humour placed in between a multitude of action scenes. Reed turns this concept around and manages to make a laugh- out-loud, heist film that is connected by convincing action scenarios. In an era where graphic novels are getting pulled into a darker realm, Ant-man provides a superhero that does not take himself too seriously. Reed even manages to make light of product placement and uses it to provide some of the most endearing lines in the script. Paul Rudd is perfect in the role of Scott Lang. His portrayal of the smart, comedic, but flawed character is what this film needs for fun and believability. His burgling entourage make for a humorous, mad-capped origin story that leaves you wanting to see more of them in the future. It was great to see Michael Douglas (both young and old) on the screen with the convincing old swagger needed for this minuscule mentor. Evangeline Lilly moves successfully from The Hobbit trilogy to Ant-man to establish herself as a convincing heroine with her understated vulnerability and strength. The makers of Ant-man have managed to do something different with this superhero journey, they make it accessible to a wider age bracket. Having a PG rating, this is the first crusader caper that parents would not have to hesitate taking their children to experience. Overall, it provides the balance between action, comedy, heart and a new puzzle piece to the Marvel world.Throughout the humour and action, there was an overarching theme of redemption. Scott Lang and Dr. Pym have their own redemptive journeys to travel. Their choices in life have caused casualties in their familial ties. The Ant-man narrative has a redeeming message woven into the central characters lives. In any super hero tale there is evidence of power and strength, which can be seen in this insect dominated story, but without giving anything away, the power of the film comes in the relationships of family and the need for atonement. Both of these men show that their children are the only individuals that need to see them as a hero. This redemptive element adds a depth and freshness to this superhero tale. Coming from a cinematic sceptic, this film manages to make its presence known on all levels, representing a pure exploit in fun and has the potential to steal the heart of any audience member.Leaving the cinema... Ant-man will put your faith back into the superhero genre. It is action-packed fun for the whole family. What are some of the bigger questions to consider from this film? 1. Does size matter when it comes to heroics? (1 Samuel 16:7, Matthew 13:31-32) 2. Can we become better as humans?' (Genesis 1:27, Mark 7:20-23) 3. Can mankind's hearts change from evil to good? (2 Corinthians 5:17, 2 Timothy 2:21)Written by Russell Matthews based on a five star rating system @ Russelling Reviews #russellingreviews #antman Posted just now by Russell Matthews Labels: #antman Corey Stoll Evangeline Lilly Is Ant-man any good Michael Douglas Paul Rudd Peyton Reed redemption will ant-man be the first Marvel failure Yellowjacket
평점: 7	리뷰: I had a great time watching this movie. It's fun and suitable for the whole family. In fact, it's more a comedy than an action/sci-fi movie. Don't expect to watch massive CGI effects. There are of course CGI, each time Ant-Man switches to insect size, but without any "Wouah effect" in my opinion. The movie focuses on the personal life of the characters, father/children mostly.The negative aspects maybe? Well, hard to relate to the "Avengers" community. We saw this issue with the latest posters showing IronMan, Thor...So they try during the movie to stick to the "marvel universe" with the words SHIELD, AVENGERS, CAPTAIN America.. But except for one sequence, it's only words. You don't except after the movie to see Ant-Man in Avengers 3.
평점: 9	리뷰: I was just messing with the title. I honestly didn't expect to like the film. Being a die-hard Marvel fan (though I won't let that cloud my judgment of the film), I was mad at MCU for cutting Ant-man out of the original Avengers lineup, so I wasn't really expecting anything great about this. But lowering my expectations actually paid up. I'll admit, the plot was pretty formulaic and full of cinematic clichés, but thanks to director Reed's sleight of hand, the film didn't look boring. In fact it's "fun" factor can rival Guardian of the Galaxy's comedy. The performance of the cast was also a delight. Paul Rudd is a charming new addition to the ever-growing superhero roster of MCU, even though I still can't get over his height. The supporting cast was fine but I won't bother mentioning them. The real deal here is Mr. Michael Douglas as Dr. Hank Pym. I really hope we get to see more of him in future Marvel films. Now the saving grace of the film is its CGI, visual effects, and action sequences: the ants and insect chase scenes, the Falcon fighting scene, the fight in the playground, everything! Thomas the Engine has never been so creepier. I recommend this film, whether you're a die-hard Marvel fan, follower of the MCU franchise, or just looking for an entertaining film. Go See it!
평점: 8	리뷰: Had it been too desperate and hopeless, ANT-MAN would have shrunk its way for admission to the almost-complete, Avengers team. But neither such concern nor saving the world from an impending catastrophic destruction, holds weight heavy enough to pull this miniature superhero from his top priority: winning back his daughter. The emotional weight of the narrative comes across as an anomalous content to the generally comedic structure of the film, but they serve purpose for the overall flow of the proceedings, nonetheless.The film follows Scott Lang (Paul Rudd), who has just been released from prison after committing burglary. He has been prohibited to see his daughter due to his inability to provide financial support, no thanks to his being an ex-con that keeps hindering him from getting a job. He meets the highly-intellectual yet solitary scientist, Hank Pym (Michael Douglas), who has a job for him: pulling off a heist on his ex-protégé, Darren Cross (Corey Stoll), who is in possession of a size-changing prototype, that poses massive amount of threats to worldwide security. Using a military suit that allows him to shrink back and forth, in size, Lang carries on with the mission with the hope that by doing so, he would be able to reclaim and earn the reputation and respect he lost, especially his daughter's.It's easier to see Ant-Man as a beautiful mess, rather than a well-crafted superhero flick with profound depth and sense . There's a lot of illogical nonsense that always nearly sends the film to wreckage, but there's also so much of the fun side to make up for the eventual narrative shortcoming. At the center of its comic efforts, Paul Rudd's Scott Lang/Ant-Man shines with his general amiability, pulling off his role with credible wit and comic allure. Rudd is such a delight here, and his presence and effortless take on his character make the mostly messed-up flow of the events, extremely palatable. There's also much to say about Michael Douglas, how his character, Pym, easily integrates well with Lang and his daughter, Hope (Evangeline Lily) , to provide a firm and well-knitted character framework. Corey Stoll, on the other hand, is less impressive, barely providing the needed threat to make his presence felt and his belligerence imminent. But on moments where he and Lang engage in beautifully-choreographed fight scenes, the ineptitude gets relegated below the more important aspects of the proceedings, and once it does, the breathtaking visual schemes work under the spotlight, capturing Lang's size-changing skill with epic elaborateness. There's magic in every size shift, and the visual artistry is at its peak to deliver the moment.Perhaps, one of the most immediately-noticeable difference of Ant-Man from its Marvel fellows is that it doesn't engage, nor rush too much, to explosive battles that generally results to immeasurable destruction. It is noticeably evident on the fact that its most interesting and most jaw-dropping action setpiece, happens in a toy train set. Most importantly, this new addition to the Marvel Cinematic Universe places its comic prowess at the center of its general effort to validate its entry to the franchise, and that is achieved without putting the natural action/adventure tendency of its superhero, nor the inevitable emotional nature of its characters, at risk of getting overshadowed by the rudimentary elements of the narrative.It's actually hard to gauge ANT-MAN using the same measure that made the rest of its pack, mammoth and omnipotently powerful. But in its own right, and sub-atomic scale, this microscopic superhero is clearly a power behemoth, and it will surely spring back to its even bigger form, once the Avenger call is delivered.
평점: 9	리뷰: ANT-MAN (PG-13) ***1/2Beginning with the first "Iron Man" through the most recent "Age of Ultron," the series of Avengers films co-produced by Marvel and Disney have all but redefined the comic book franchise model while setting the global box office ablaze. Plans for more movies extend well into the next decade and there's no reason to believe that the multi-character assembly line will ever run out of material. While the collective of films are basically bullet (and critic) proof, it is possible for the occasional effort to under-perform and "Ant-Man" will be put to such a test this weekend. It is both natural and understandable, if not exactly fair, to compare "Ant-Man" to the other Marvel flicks on a multitude of levels, the most obvious being (all pun intended) size. The title character, aka Scott Lang (Paul Rudd) – with the aid of chemicals and a magic suit – has the ability to shrink down to the size of (duh) an ant which frankly isn't all that sexy compared to the talents of his contemporaries. Thanks to some perhaps overlong exposition in the first half, the quartet of writers apply some clever narrative spin and make the character if not sexy, at least funny, relatable and not nearly as deathly serious as the rest of the Marvel gang. The sense of joy exuded by the characters and the brisk pace of the presentation is infectious. There's no faux soul-searching or ponderous navel-gazing going on here. While some won't care for what's most clearly missing from this Marvel venture, there will be many others that will revel in the (again relative) spare use of CGI, the toning down of the usual overblown audio bombast and a marked avoidance of the typical, tortuously long running lengths. If there was ever a scaled-down Marvel movie, this is it and it is more than welcomed. In addition to the always affable and impossible-to-hate Rudd, director Peyton Reed populates the rest of the cast with performers who all slip into their respective roles with effortless ease. As Ant-Man inventor Hank Pym, Michael Douglas has perhaps the toughest challenge as Pym is called on to be surly and bullheaded most of time while still remaining warm and avuncular. Showing up with clipped anger, simmering resentment and an acid-tongue, Evangeline Lilly co-stars as Pym's estranged daughter Hope. She now works for Darren Cross (Corey Stoll), Hank's one-time protégée and his current principal rival. Unlike a great many of the Marvel villains, Cross is genial, charming and seems to still harbor genuine affection for Hank which makes his character a mystery until well past the halfway point. Think of Cross as a slightly less evil version of Obadiah Stane (Jeff Bridges) from "Iron Man." In smaller but no less important roles, Bobby Canavale plays a detective now engaged to Scott's ex-wife (Judy Greer) and Michael Pena, Tip "T.I." Harris and David Dastmalchian as three ex-cons who eventually become part of Hank and Scott's unconventional crew. While the main plot includes the requisite "save the world" motif found in all of the Marvel flicks, "Ant-Man" is mostly a heist movie where gadgets and cloak & dagger elements supplant the usual otherworldly hocus-pocus. It's more James Bond than Avengers. For long-established fans that treat the original source material as sacred scripture this will be unsettling but for the casual viewer, it's major plus. The significantly toned-down violence also makes this the most family-friendly Marvel effort to date. Those familiar with the history of the production are already aware it was a long, often tumultuous haul. Starting in 2006, director Edgar Wright ("Shaun of the Dead," "Hot Fuzz") and his collaborator Joe Cornish wrote multiple drafts of their script and a few years later Wright was pegged by the studio to direct. In early 2014, events transpired that remain unclear but the scuttlebutt indicates it was something akin to the go-to, generic "creative differences" excuse between the filmmakers and Marvel. Others supposedly in the know surmised it was Wright's strong reluctance to turn "Ant-Man" into a Marvel spin-off and keep it as a standalone single installment. This is the most popular theory and, after viewing the film, it makes the most sense. Marvel and Avengers references are everywhere but it doesn't detract from the overall quality or tone. Reed did a fine job and in the end Wright and Cornish still received producer and writing credits and, more than likely, beyond-healthy paychecks. (Marvel/Disney)
평점: 8	리뷰: For a few brief moments, the unstoppable juggernaut that is the Marvel Cinematic Universe (MCU) looked like it was about to grind to a halt with Ant-Man. Unlike most other films under the Marvel Studios umbrella, this production has been haunted by doubt and dissension. Fans were nervous about the narrative decisions to relegate Hank Pym – the original Ant-Man in the comic books – to the sidelines, while killing off his wife Janet Van Dyne (who, as the Wasp, is one of the founding members of the Avengers). Then came that hugely publicised parting of the ways between Marvel and original director Edgar Wright, who oozes so much geek cred that people understandably mourned his departure from the project after years of development. And yet, the final product – Peyton Reed's Ant-Man – is a fun, frothy delight, one that proves once and for all that Marvel knows precisely what it's doing and where it's going with the most crazily interconnected movie-and-television franchise of all time.After serving his jail sentence, Scott Lang (Rudd) just wants to reunite with his daughter Cassie and get his life back on track. But he soon discovers that people in the outside world – including his ex- wife Maggie (Greer) and her new cop boyfriend Paxton (Cannavale) – aren't particularly kind to former convicts. Beaten down by circumstances, he agrees to pull off one last heist with his eternally optimistic buddy Luis (Pena). It's a crime that places him squarely in the path of Dr. Hank Pym (Douglas), a retired, semi-reclusive scientist who decides to enlist Scott in his life-long mission of preventing the Pym Particle – a technological breakthrough that allows him to become the super- small, super-strong Ant-Man – from falling into the wrong hands.Truth be told, Ant-Man gets off to a somewhat shaky start. The tale of an honourable rogue who's looking for a shot at redemption is a well-worn storytelling trope, one that the film initially seems to embrace rather too eagerly. As we watch Scott soldier through a host of tiny indignities, the dialogue – still credited to Wright and his co-writer Joe Cornish, with rewrites by Rudd and Adam McKay – is uninspired, and oftentimes uncomfortably on-the-nose. There's no subtlety here, and the sense of fun that accompanies Scott's attempt to hold down a job in Baskin Robbins feels a wee bit forced.But the film kicks into higher gear, and stays there, once Scott stumbles onto or, more accurately, steals his second chance. His discovery of the Ant-Man suit and all that entails – working with Hank, meeting Hank's aloof but eminently capable daughter Hope (Lilly), training to prevent Hank's former protégé Darren Cross (Stoll) from replicating the Pym Particle for sale to the highest bidder – give the story the shot of adrenaline it needs. In the blink of an eye, this superhero heist flick finds its feet, and transforms into a whirlwind of action, humour and heart. Reed's camera zigs merrily from Luis' unique method of exposition (brilliant) to Scott's attempts to survive Hope's training (bruisingly hilarious), before zagging into the dark, trembling heart of Hank's troubled relationship with his daughter.Indeed, what makes Ant-Man work so well is its insistence on respecting its characters and taking their concerns and relationships seriously. This provides the film with an emotional anchor amidst all the madcap chaos and gleeful irreverence. Scott's overpowering love for his young daughter runs parallel to Hank's own concern for Hope, and even Paxton – initially caricaturised as the stereotypical brutish new boyfriend – is given layers and depth beyond what might be expected of a film that seems so silly on the surface. This culminates in the film's best action sequence: one that manages to be utterly ridiculous, as the camera cheekily zooms in and out of a conflict that's entirely proportional to the size of its participants; but also deeply heartfelt, when Scott makes a split-second decision between life and probable death. For anyone concerned about Ant-Man subsisting in its own little bubble within the MCU, rest assured that there's plenty on display here to please even the most die-hard of fans. The film features not only a welcome cameo from a very popular agent of S.H.I.E.L.D., but also ties Scott firmly into MCU continuity with a hugely pleasing direct reference to Avengers: Age Of Ultron. The subsequent semi-aerial battle that takes place between Ant-Man and a certain Avenger proves that this miniscule hero has what it takes to stand proud alongside the world's mightiest champions. (Stay through the credits, by the way, for two incredibly exciting hints at what's to come for the MCU in the future.)As with all the other films and television shows in Marvel's burgeoning media empire, the cast of Ant-Man is pitch-perfect. Rudd puts his goofy and amiably sexy charisma to excellent use as Scott, allowing us to believe that this one man can be as silly as he is strong, and as serious as he is funny. Lilly gets the big-screen role she richly deserves in Hope, who's acknowledged at every point in the film as being better, stronger, and more capable than the men around her think she is. Douglas plays a far more palatable version of Dr. Pym (who can be tough to swallow in the comics), and does so with his trademark charm and magnetism, while Stoll gives good psychopath as the increasingly unhinged, patently cruel Cross.Ant-Man may not edge out the other films that make up Phase Two of the MCU in a straw poll – it does, after all, face some pretty serious competition in what has been an unbroken run of truly excellent superhero films. But it's an incredibly solid effort: smart, rich, deep and funny, teeming with ideas, genres and the potential for so much more. Now if that doesn't make for a great superhero movie, what does?
평점: 8	리뷰: This reviewer wants to be like Paul Rudd when he turns 46. He first saw the New Jerseyborn actor on the popular sitcom Friends as Phoebe's love interest Mike Hannigan, and loved how he carried off the character with a slacker charm. He then went on to takes on roles in Anchorman: The Legend of Ron Burgundy (2004), The 40 Year Old Virgin (2005) and Knocked Up (2007). Although he played supporting characters in this comedies, there's always that special something which made viewers pay attention.And now, Rudd is Ant-Man! Yes, a Marvel superhero! If you are like this reader, who isn't a walking encyclopaedia of Marvel history, you probably haven't heard of Ant-Man. Who can take a superhero with a name like that seriously? Not us. Are you sure you need Ant-Man when you've already got Iron Man, Thor, Hulk, Captain America, Black Widow and Hawkeye from The Avengers?One thing we are setting straight here – we enjoyed Ant-Man more than the recent The Avengers: Age of Ultron.The Peyton Reed directed movie, which is also the 12th installment of the Marvel Cinematic Universe (who's keeping count, really?), sees protagonist Scott Lang (Rudd) help Dr Hank Pym (the always reliable Michael Douglas) safeguard the mystery of a technology which allows users to decrease in size but increase in strength. In the movie, you will hear some scientifically complicated terms, but there isn't really much to know. You just need to be aware of the fact that there is a need to stop a heist that will destroy Earth,The threat comes in the form of Yellojacket, a thwarted version of the technology helmed by Darren Cross, and coming along for the ride is Dr Pym's daughter Hope van Dyne, and a motley crew of former thieves who will aid Lang save the world.The 117 minute movie is a very refreshing change from the slew of superhero movies we've been seeing. No overwrought emotions, no excessive self righteousness and no overbearingly dark tones. What you get instead, is a very likable protagonist (thanks to Rudd's appeal, of course) who is an everyman you want to root for. The result is a superhero movie that makes you sit up and watch, laugh and enjoy till the very last minute.Because it is backed up by a major studio, you can still expect the usual special effects, big explosions and well choreographed action sequences. These are enough to keep fans of Hollywoodblockbusters happy, and to have them feeling that the movie is well worth the price of the ticket.Credit goes to a wonderful ensemble cast, which includes Evangeline Lilly (The Hobbit series, TV's Lost) as the serious but well intending daughter, Corey Stoll (Dark Places, TV's House of Cards) as the villainous disciple and Bobby Cannavale (Blue Jasmine, Chef) as a stepfather to Lang's daughter, as well as Michael Pena (End of Watch, American Hustle), rapper Tip "T I" Harris and David Dastmalchian (The Glass Menagerie, Buried Child) as Lang's amusing but resourceful friends.In this day and age where everyone takes everything too seriously, this is one superhero movie that you'll fine immensely entertaining and enjoyable, without compromising on storytelling and action. Oh, you should also stick around to watch not one, but two end credit scenes which will eventually take the Internet by storm.
평점: 8	리뷰: Ant-Man is without a doubt proof that we an have fun in a film yet still deliver smarts and a bit of pathos. We've finally moved past the era in which directors default to the gritty superhero dark and gloomy BS. Comic book films have proved themselves as an inventive art form and one to be respected. Sure, we'll get a George Clooney Batman once in a while and dark one note crap like Man of Steel on the other spectrum but then we get great films like this one that embraces everything fun films have to offer. It even embraces the goofiness. That's a sign of not only good writing but confidence in your material and your actors. The do indeed deliver a highly entertaining film and great fun.
평점: 7	리뷰: From the opening scene, which we get *before* the 'Marvel Studios' logo appears, you know things are going to be a bit different with this movie compared to the other Marvel films thus far. It was a nice surprise to see Hayley Atwell (once again rocking the convincing old age makeup) as an older Peggy Carter, who appears alongside a more youthful-looking Michael Douglas as Hank Pym and John Slattery's Howard Stark. After this set-up, we're introduced to Paul Rudd's Scott Lang, the film's hero, in a scene that you think you've watched many times before - the hero getting beaten up, only to fight back and win - but is in fact something else. I appreciated this shake-up to the formula we've become accustomed to over time. And that's this film's main takeaway - it mixes things up a bit (no small feat), which is sometimes a positive and sometimes a negative. The beginning, for example, is much slower-paced than perhaps most are used to. The setting up of the characters, etc is rather low-key in comparison to other Marvel films. Paul Rudd is likable enough as Scott, who's a burglar, but also a guy trying to do right by his daughter (which is at the film's heart), an ordinary guy who gets some funny lines (Rudd's extra-dry delivery is welcome), but isn't some rapid-fire snark-spouting machine, and thankfully not an a-hole (unlike certain 'billionaire playboy philanthropists' who'll continue to take over EVERYTHING). Playing well off Rudd is Evangeline Lilly, sporting toned arms as Hank's daughter, Hope van Dyne. While in the beginning of the film it seems like she's just going to be filling the 'mean pretty lady' role, teaching Scott how to throw a punch and not getting along with him, she does eventually go from despising him to almost-liking him, and this is where you see her character is much more than she may first appear (just like how Scott's ex-wife's new husband, Paxton, played by Bobby Cannavale, seems kind of a jerk for most of the movie, but eventually shows he's a decent guy). She also clashes with her father, but shares a number of emotional scenes with him, where Lilly displays her range. She's not only capable of throwing a punch and delivering verbal barbs, but also showing humanity when it counts, softening somewhat in later scenes, but never losing her edge. In the mid-credits scene, she even gets to deliver a line which not only serves her character well, but also sums up the viewing public's thoughts when it comes to women headlining comic book movies. Lilly proved herself more than capable in a female action role as Tauriel in the last two Hobbit movies (even if the final one did her character a disservice), and this movie promises more great things to come from her. She does a lot with a little and I really liked her dynamics with Scott and her father. Speaking of Hank, Douglas lends some real weight to the film, playing the old Ant-Man who needs someone to take over from him. The way he tests Scott makes for the film's first action sequence. The shrinking effects on display aren't the old-style Honey, I Shrunk The Kids type of thing, but more refined, the concept of Ant-Man allowing for something definitely different to what we're used to when it comes to Marvel movie action sequences. Scott's first shrinking was quite effective, conveying just how dangerous everyday normal things can be when you're the size of an ant. The upside is that ants become his allies and he develops a friendship with one particular flying ant who he names Antony (and if you didn't see the conclusion to this friendship coming from a mile away...clearly you haven't seen Honey, I Shrunk The Kids). It's nice to see Scott's bonding with his various insect allies, especially given that at the other end of the spectrum is Corey Stoll's nasty badguy, Darren Cross, whose experiments lead to a virtual Violence of the Lambs horror show, reducing test subjects to bloody phlegm (why'd they have to do that to the cutest lamb ever?! At least Hope was upset by it). His is the latest in a long line of sub-par/underwhelming villains Marvel has dished out (really, the memorable ones can be counted on one hand...after losing a few digits), but at least he didn't get all shout-y (like so many seem to) until towards the end - which I was thankful for. He's adequate in the role, but nothing particularly memorable. Perhaps if he could've worked in "Dead-ant, dead-ant/Dead-ant, dead- ant dead-ant dead-ant dead-ant..." when threatening Ant-Man? Scott's heist buddies, referred to as "wombats" by Douglas' Pym, are alright. They're mostly played for laughs, with varying degrees of success, but aren't entirely useless either. Apparently director Edgar Wright, who was a big fan of Ant-Man, proposed his idea for the movie and had begun developing it, only to drop out due to 'creative differences'. After reading that Joss Whedon thought it was "the best script that Marvel had ever had", I'm itching to know what that film would've been like. There's some real nice elements to this movie (with, unfortunately, some of the best moments given away in the trailers - like the Thomas the Tank Engine scene, although there's another funny scene involving Ping-Pong), but it feels very different to what's come before. For people having trouble with the concept, remember this is the same universe that asked you to buy a talking raccoon and Treebeard's monosyllabic cousin. While this movie must be commended for bringing something new to the table, it didn't quite reach the levels of enjoyment set by the Thor, Captain America and Avengers movies for me, but others might enjoy it more. Look out for a couple Avenger-related cameos and stick around, while Christophe Beck's catchy/memorable Ant-Man theme music plays, for the mid-credits and after-credits sequences promising more interesting things to come.
평점: 6	리뷰: Ant-man does a lot of things Right. Paul Rudd was great casting, Michael Douglas pull in a great performance when a lot of actors with his carrier and experience might have just phoned it in. The few times the humour does hit it hits hard, Especially from Michael Peña. Also the micro Cinematography is Beautiful.But, The Lack of Edger Wright, The rush on the script and The Poor director Choice (Marvel was forced to make) Really shows. The passing is all over the place, the film at several point tries to tie in to the marvel universe and it honestly feels forced. The movie bring up concepts and ideas that could lead us to a deeper Understanding and interest in the charters. Like the reason why Hank Pim cant no longer be Ant- man or Hanks Relationship with Howard stark (Tony stark AKA iron mans dad) or why one charter is effected by (Pim particle exposure and another isn't)These things could add to the universe and the story as a whole but rather adds to our disbelief. The few times it tries to Pay Some of them off it doesn't work. Also the antagonist of the film Played by Corey Stoll Feel as if at times he was trying to Imitate his House of cards Co-star Kevin spacey the other times he is a serviceable actor to a poorly Written villain.Marvel hasn't really made a bad MCU movie so me saying this is one of the worst Marvel films isn't very dramatic and holds little weight. Its not as bad as Iron man 2 But, Like it this film Introduces a lot of great Possible Concepts Ideas and future story lines, That makes this movie Worth seeing. Please don't go in to this movie expecting the new iron man but go in to it. As if its something completely new and hold no expectations. 6.5 out of 10
평점: 8	리뷰: For the uninitiated on comic lore, first exposure to Ant-Man movie should be something similar to confused wondering expression or mild amusement seeing its witty poster or advertisement. Fortunately, the movie instills the fun atmosphere as it takes jab on its own diminutive size. This is not the bombastic scale of Avengers, and thankfully it doesn't try to. Ant-Man creates its unique identity with mild fun entertainment, and it's a big merry escapade in its own right.Story basically follows Dr. Hank Pym (Michael Douglas) as he tries to keep his size altering invention hidden from prying hands. As luck would have it, his path crosses with Scott Lang (Paul Rudd), an ex-con who happens to be a resourceful thief. The two eventually orchestrate elaborate heist to secure the atom manipulation tech. The movie is practically a heist comedy with a touch of action.Most of the flair and jokes work due to Paul Rudd's carefree yet magnetic performance. He's embodied the sharp humor and more family friendly approach to the superhero concept. It's good to see that it doesn't venture to overly serious tone or world calamity subject like his superhuman peers.For all intents and purposes, Ant-Man is a fun comedy at heart. The family theme is very prevalent, mostly dealing with parental issue and personal acceptance. The humor works well thanks to the cast such as Michael Pena and Evangeline Lily as they simply look like they are having a good time. There's great chemistry between the on-screen characters as they trade banters, down to smallest easily digestible quips.Just like Marvel movies before it, Ant-Man possesses quite the spectacle with special effect. Expect lots of fireworks and fisticuffs yet in less harrowing set-up. It's a fresh change of pace after the colossal flying city from last Avengers movie, furthermore it's interesting to see the difference in scope.A superhero of different size, stealthily captivating and smile-inducing, Ant-man delivers big enough leisure and hilarity to stand amongst the giants.
평점: 8	리뷰: Ant-Man is the next......... stuff it, you know what is by now, it's a Marvel film, so get up and go see it. This is by far the best origin story of a Marvel superhero so far (Guardians not included), and one of the better Marvel films to date. It did exactly what all or most of the Marvel films seem to do so well and that is the ability to combine action and comedy in a way that provides a near perfect balance of both. Another thing the film makers did amazingly was they made the movie feel like its own individual film and it could stand on its own if you just decided to watch this film without seeing any other Marvel film. Of course, it still had its fair share of winks and surprises, some very obvious and some not so obvious, so you know that this is very much a part of the Marvel universe. Lets talk about the characters in the film, because it is fair to say that those who know nothing about the Marvel comics will have absolutely no idea who any of these characters are, even i was unfamiliar with a few of them. These characters were so fun to watch, both the good and bad, mainly because they were not cliché characters, they all had an introduction and back-story that made them feel like very real people. The other thing that made the characters so great were the actors' performances, Paul Rudd, Michael Douglas and even Corey Stoll were fantastic and very convincing in their roles. Even the supporting cast were hilarious and fun to watch and fit into the film really well. As for the plot it really was pretty simple ("Break into a place and steal some stuff"), but at the same time it was very interesting and a fun ride. It wasn't at all predictable and offered enough new elements to make it different from other heist films. It did take a little bit to actually get going and for the main plot to really kick in, but being an origin story where you have to set up these brand new characters it is understandable. So in the end, if you are a fan of the other Marvel films then you already know what you are getting into, it has all of the fun, comedy and action you expect. If you are unfamiliar with the other Marvel films, firstly, where have you been the last 7 years? and second, to sum it up, it is a great Superhero film, a great heist action film, and even a great comedy. - 8.3P.S. And remember there are TWO end credits scenes this time around, so remember to stay right to the very end.
평점: 3	리뷰: Yawn, yawn, yawn. What an awful movie which should have been so much better. The script is dreadful and clichéd and cringe-worthy at times (who the heck commissions these script writing morons?). Children will probably love this trash but anyone with a brain will probably die (mercifully) during their visit to watch this drivel. It is predictable and slow in its useless 'grab the viewer' tenet. Nothing ever happens of great interest and Paul Rudd is totally not up to the job of his portrayal. The first twenty minutes are a work class in how NOT to make a movie. If Alfred Hitchcock had made this, then you could forget about a future gem like Psycho being made. The directer, Peyton Reed, does not have any imagination and should be ashamed of this abominable mess of digital inferiority. You could not pay me to watch this garbage again. I think, in real life, that Peyton Reed is only 2mm in stature. His movie is much smaller than that. Please excuse me, I need to go and vomit in a thimble.
평점: 3	리뷰: I just saw Ant-man, and my review is this. It was a film I guess. I mean, if you've seen a Marvel film before, you've seen this film. If you've seen a film in general before, you've seen this film. The attempts at humour were cringe-worthy, the villain was comically one-dimensional and the acting was so cartoonish I felt bad for the good actors who had to do this film. The redeeming quality is the great action scenes. they really took advantage of the action scenes and delivered some fun times. But whenever action is not happening, the film is dull, clichéd and just another film simply serving as a set-up to another Marvel Film. All in all, it was Ant-man, a generic, by-the-numbers film. If only Marvel weren't such cowards and let a great director like Edgar Wright direct one of their films for once....
평점: 3	리뷰: This film tells the story of a criminal with a masters degree in electronic engineering who tries to take the right path for the sake of his daughter. Through strange twists of fate, he becomes an unlikely superhero called the Ant-Man.The many posters for "Ant-Man" only emphasises the diminutive size of the new superhero in the Marvel collection, but to me they do not entice me to watch the film. After watching "Ant-Man" though, I was completely blown away."Ant-Man" has a long build up because it is introducing an entirely new superhero. The build up is good, and characters all have distinctive personalities to make them different and interesting. I was captivated by the plot. It has so much action going on both action-wise and emotionally and I am still spell bound despite having left the cinema and arrived home. I really like the fact that there are two emotional subplots, one involving Paul Rudd and his daughter, and the other one between Michael Douglas and his daughter.Ant-Man is an unlikely superhero film, because ants are not usually adored by people. To turn it into a great superhero film is quite an achievement. I really enjoyed watching "Ant-Man".
평점: 7	리뷰: When Guardians of the Galaxy was announced, all kinds of reactions were triggered. Most of them negative. People who had never heard of them were like "A talking raccoon and a tree? Hmmm...not interested.". And fans of the comic book were like "Is Marvel really going forward with this? I don't think they will be able to pull that off." The movie came out and it proved us wrong. The same thing happened when Ant-Man was announced. And guess what? Marvel did it again.At first, Ant-Man doesn't sound intimidating and impressive at all. But right after the first fight scenes and visually understanding the skills of this character, you go "Well, that's pretty badass.". The movie starts tying some knots with some of the past Marvel movies and as it goes, it succeeds beautifully crossing itself with the universe for future events. It has one of the most interesting plots and character developments of all inside the MCU.Paul Rudd handles Scott Lang just as Chris Pratt handled Peter Quill. You connect with the guy in seconds. Michael Douglas and Evangeline Lilly also do a fantastic job playing Hank Pym and Hope van Dyne. Their backstories are a great addition to the franchise. And there's one guy who steals the show and makes the movie even better. Michael Peña playing Luis. His character is just hilarious.There was only one little thing that bothered me in this one: Corey Stoll as Darren Cross. Not saying he is a bad actor, because he is definitely not! It just felt "same old, same old" as the villain progressed. The role of the villains became an issue inside the Marvel cinematic universe. Aside from Loki and Alexander Pierce, all the other villains sound and feel just the same. It was not different with Yellowjacket. You don't see him as a big threat, but as a butthurt guy trying to prove he is better than anyone else.But in short, Ant-Man is awesome. If you're already immersed into this delightful mess that the MCU is, you will certainly have a great time. Go see it!
평점: 8	리뷰: Ant-Man has been through a very long development, it was started with Edgar Wright committing to write and direct the film, but years went by and Marvel finally has a studio of its own, manipulations do compromise Wright's vision which lead him leaving the project. In spite of that issue, the film spares much of his screenplay as it still has his trademarks all over the place. While it's delightful to notice those sequences being left intact, there is still a dejected feeling of what it could have been if he actually handled it entirely. For now, most of the style is basic Marvel. As a movie itself, it's quite refreshing to see a superhero film that doesn't contain much heavy handed explosions compared to the last few films they gave us. And it's a good reminder that joy can still be found in this genre even at its smaller scale, thanks to its engaging cast and downright appealing personality.The movie doesn't involve stopping some mass destruction or a general build up for future installments (the reference still exists, but isn't exactly the priority.) People may brag about this as going back to the basic mold of origin stories where you see outcasts living in a city having unexpected fate of becoming a superhero. The difference however is the premise is a lot sillier that is taken with vast self-awareness through that concept. The entirety is basically a mix between family drama and smart comedy. The comedic side is where it thoroughly shines, the film finding energy through its visuals and each actor's charisma. The drama on the other hand is basically to establish the character's pathos through their backstories. It's not quite subtle, but fits enough to breathe after a set of sillier spectacles.The major plot is basically just a heist, except the main character has the ability to alter his own scale while spectators and their enemies are constantly being flummoxed about what exactly is happening. It's simple, but there is so much going on and yet it is made easily exciting by its own personality and crazier imaginations, you can identify that most of the creativity came from Wright's idea. How the movie recreates his style from the script is fine and it's admirable to retain the same quirk and energy from the vision at some points. At the other scenes, it's typical Marvel flare, and as said, it looks cool, but it's more remarkable at the less conventional turns.Paul Rudd brings real charisma and some depth to Scott Lang, keeping him from being a generic anti-hero. Michael Douglas establishes actual depth within Hank Pym in a lot of moments. Corey Stoll embraces his almost unbelievably inhumane role, which strangely makes it an effectively menacing villain. Evangeline Lilly appears to be more than a love interest and that is alright. Michael Peña steals all of his scenes, which a role that could have been just another comic-relief, he makes all of his character's greatest comedic moments remarkably delightful.It's still quite inevitable to keep bringing up the supposed-to-be helmer of Ant-Man, because his fingerprints are really there, while it's actually nice to see it hinting every once in a while, it also feels somewhat exasperating for what daring opportunity it could have been. We'll never know the answer. Still, Ant-Man brings a sheer amount of fun. It's filled with comicbook enthusiasm and memorable laughs that appropriately sticks through its actually preposterous property. The cast helps bringing all of it to life, from levity to gravity. The action is executed with affecting weirdness. Ant-Man is best when it's weirder, because that is where it speaks its own flavor.
평점: 9	리뷰: Me and a friend had the opportunity of seeing an early screening of the movie Ant-man and wow! Finally! A fresh, out of the box movie which has all the best parts of Marvel fit into it. Finally, a superhero movie that really focuses on and showcases the super abilities of its protagonist so well that it makes you wish it existed in reality. By saying that, it doesn't mean the powers owned by the hero our too far fetched because Marvel did a really good job of making it as realistic as possible. The portrayal of the powers were done ingeniously! (A stunning amount of Macro lens usage!) The script was brilliant! Extremely entertaining! And you can definitely feel Edgar Wright's presence through out the film with added Paul Rudd humour which was so enjoyable (FYI: Paul Rudd scripted the film as well). Over all the movie was pretty Amazing and deserves a big screen! the story might be too formulaic but the execution was friggin awesome! And for the people who were let down by Age of ultron, this movie presents itself as a good apology from Marvel. P.S. stick around for an easter egg filled mid-credits and after credits scene!
평점: 10	리뷰: Ant-man is directed by Peyton Reed and stars Paul Rudd, Michael Douglas, Corey Stoll, and Evangeline Lilly. It's about Scott Lang,(Paul Rudd)a skilled burglar who's given a second chance by Hank Pym(Michael Douglas)to get his life back together and be with his daughter. First off,Ant-man was originally supposed to be directed by Edgar Wright for a long time and than he's wasn't directing it. At that point the movie seemed to go downhill but than Peyton Reed got it and I'm glad to say the final product was amazing. The acting is fantastic by everyone. Paul Rudd played his role great, Michael Douglas was also great as always, and Michael Peña was very funny. It was great they didn't over use him. What made Ant-man amazing was the camera work when Ant-man shrieked down. Peyton Reed did an amazing job of showing how big everything is when your that small. The action was also fantastic, every action scene was shot so perfectly. There was surprising a lot humor and it worked great. Overall Ant-man was a fun superhero action movie with lots of humor, and it fits in with all the other marvel movies. Definitely worth checking out.
평점: 7	리뷰: Ant man is a fun family friendly film, great character development, kinda good chemistry, and awesome action sequences, but the most hilarious thing about this film is the fact that supporting characters are funnier then Ant Man himself. Peyton Reed delivered well being his first Marvel film, some comedic moments kinda ruin emotional moments that you get attached too, but hey this is Marvel after all. Russell Carpenter did an amazing job with the cinematography it was extremely on point! After credit scenes we're awesome! and totally worth it unlike Guardians of Galaxy or Iron Man 3 ones.Solid 7/10 Reason is because Yellowjacket should not have been killed off, he would've fitted in well with Civil War, I think they kinda wasted his character, its happened three times now, Amazing spider man 2 Age of Ultron and now Antman, Marvel and Sony is in the habit of killing villains of they don't necessarily need too, anyway just my opinion.
평점: 8	리뷰: Ant-Man is funny, nice to look at, but a little too clichéd at times. As per usual Marvel Studios has put out a film, that is funny, especially with the comedic chops of it's lead actor. The film boasts a talented cast, including the very talented Michael Douglas, and most of the cast members deliver, especially the very talented Michael Douglas. The special effects are good, but that's no surprise, but a big surprise was that most of the characters had good development, and while the villain wasn't a great villain he was serviceable. All in all the Ant-Man is led by good acting, a good story, albeit a little clichéd, and a good sense of humor. While Ant-Man isn't Marvel's best it's still quite entertaining.
평점: 8	리뷰: Like many, i was first excited to hear that Edgar Wright was making a Marvel movie, and then disappointed when he left it at the 11th hour. I went into Ant-Man cautiously optimistic, but came out having thoroughly enjoyed the experience. Paul Rudd and Michael Pena steal the show. They both have incredible comedic timing. Any time the film starts to head down the road of stale clichés, 1 of those 2 enters the scene to keep thing sharp and fresh. Evangeline Lily is a nice addition to the Marvel stable, as well. I look forward to her in future installments. The action sequences are very imaginative, and top-notch, and the interplay between the main-players is very entertaining. About the only weak point of the movie is the villain. He reminds me very much of Jeff Bridges character in the original Iron Man. He's really just there as a foil to give our heroes purpose. He's adequate, but hardly memorable. Ant-Man is a nice addition to the MCU films.
평점: 8	리뷰: When Ant-man was first announced I, like many other people, was very indifferent about the subject. If Marvel pulled it off, it could be great, but if they didn't, then people would start to question even further these lesser known heroes. Well I'm happy to report that Ant-man falls more towards the "great" category. It may not be completely flawless, but nonetheless it is very good.To start, the cast is fantastic. Paul Rudd is charismatic as ever, Michael Douglas made a very compelling Hank Pym, and Evangeline Lilly rounded out the trio perfectly. Even Corey Stoll as Yellow Jacket, who is a bit underwritten, fit his role well. However, there is one actor who stood out from the rest. Michael Peña. Everything out of his mouth was comedy gold.As for the plot, it plays out like you normal heist film with a few twists and turns. I'm a sucker for heist films and this is a great one. Following the plans of infiltration is so entertaining to watch that when the action begins, it just adds to the amount of fun the audience is having. Also, there was a surprising amount of emotional depth regarding Scott Lang and his family.The best part of the film is arguably the action, which is extremely entertaining and the transitioning with the size of the characters is seamless and adds a few more laughs. As for problems, there are a few but none big enough to take away from the enjoyment of the movie itself. The villain, as with most in the MCU, is pretty generic and forgettable. A few of the jokes don't hit home and seemed a little forced. Other than that, the only other problems would just be nit-picky.Overall, Ant-man is a surprising enjoyable, smaller scale blockbuster that fits nicely into the rest of the MCU. The powerhouse cast is terrific together and most of the action and comedy hit right where they need to."No you can't whistle, this isn't The Andy Griffith Show."
평점: 8	리뷰: I went into this movie worried, I thought it might be terrible but it proved me wrong.. big time. I didn't have any real flaws worth complaining about so if you're looking for an evisceration of this film, look elsewhere.The thing that worried me most about this movie was what the actual ant dynamic would be like, but they pulled it off in outstanding fashion, the ants look fantastic and fit in with the story perfectly.The characters and their relationships with each other in this film are awesome, especially Michael Douglas' Hank Pym and Evangeline Lilly's Hope Van Dyne which develops perfectly as the film progresses.My biggest thumbs up to this film would have to be the casting, it was perfect. Paul Rudd as Scott Lang/Ant man was so ingenious, the guys hilarious and I think he will no longer be underestimated as a leading action hero. Michael Douglas and Evangeline Lilly as a said before were both great but there's one more that comes to mind that might be overlooked by people who haven't seen this movie and that would be Michael Pena, this guy provided non stop laughs throughout the whole movie, it was a genius move to cast him, bravo.I know this review really doesn't give much insight to the heart of the film but I implore you to just go watch it, it's such a different and fresh marvel movie or any comic book movie for that matter, I guarantee you'll have a lot of fun with it. Ant Man follows in guardians of the galaxy's footsteps being that it's not an extremely popular marvel title that's been transformed into a thrilling cinematic experience and I think you'll really dig it.
평점: 7	리뷰: Part of the brilliance of the Marvel Cinematic Universe is how they are able to seamlessly weave the stories together and connect our heroes into one giant story. Ant-Man manages to bring Marvel's smallest hero to life and further the universe/galaxy into an even more thrilling place. I really enjoyed the film. I found it to be one of Marvel's funniest pictures, which is no surprise when you have Adam McKay and Paul Rudd co-writing the script. I thought the action and unique fight scenes were well done. There's a ton to like about Ant-Man, and it's another solid outing for the studio. But I also unfortunately think it's is one of the weaker films Marvel has done. That's not to say I don't think Ant-Man is a good film, I do. I think it's really good, but it's not great. Especially after the last 3 films Marvel had done were Avengers 2, Guardians, and Cap 2. Three near perfect superhero films in my book.Ant-Man tells the story of Scott Lang, an ex-con who just needs a second chance in order to prove to his daughter that he's worth something. That's the part of the film I really enjoyed. I like that this film is at it's core a father-daughter story. For both Scott and Hank, they are trying to prove to their daughters that they aren't washed up bums. Hank gives Scott a chance at redemption by training him to be the Ant-Man, in order to help save the world from Darren Cross' ugly ideas. Cross plays Yellowjacket, and the main villain of the film. The Yellowjacket scenes were pretty cool and much more entertaining than the trailers led me to believe, but I wasn't really a fan of Corey Stoll's performance as Cross. Perhaps it's because his character is way too similar to Jeff Bridges' character in the first Iron man, or maybe it's because the script just doesn't add depth to him. No matter, I thought that was one of the more glaring weaknesses, and a hero is only as good as it's villain. In terms of our hero, I loved Paul Rudd's performance. He's always been great at pulling off both drama and comedy, and Scott Lang was no different for him. I loved that it never seemed like he or the cast were taking the film too seriously, which is something Guardians also did really well. In these big superhero films, it's important to understand the scope and even the utter ridiculousness of the stories. I mean this film is called Ant-Man for crying out loud.If we're talking about Ant-Man's buddies, I'll admit I wasn't as grossed out as I thought I would be by all the ants in this film. And I was a little hurt when Scott's main buddy, Anthony, kicked the bucket, something I never thought I would say about an Ant. But I wasn't sold on Hope, as both a character and as Evangeline Lilly's performance. There was an opportunity for a great character here, and perhaps there still is in the future (after credits scene), but I never felt connected to her at any point. Her emotional scenes are carried by Michael Douglas, who was brilliant, and her sassy lines come off really b*tchy. Of course, they have to push her for a love interest to Scott, which always felt awkward, as the chemistry was just not there. But the fact that she's pretty much becoming the Wasp, makes me have hope for the character. but overall, if we're just talking about her in this role, I found her to be kind of off-putting and unlikable, but that's just me. Onto the comedy, Michael Pena absolutely kills it. He's by far the funniest part of the movie and quite possibly of the entire cinematic universe. It would be fun to see him interact with some of the Avengers. Most of Scott's buddies hit the mark with their comedy, and speaking of the Avengers, man was that Falcon scene awesome. I was spoiled with him being in the film by a stupid TV spot, but I was impressed to see him have such a notable role and it never felt out of place. It was also nice to briefly see John Slattery and Hayley Atwell reprise their MCU roles.So with Ant-Man being hilarious and imposing further implications on the universe, I was pleased with the outcome. It's not one of Marvel's better films and it has way too many plot conveniences and a few clichés here and there, but the film is still enjoyable. I just wish the film felt more special then it ended up feeling. The story is weird, but Guardians felt like nothing I have ever experienced. While the action is different then any Marvel film, I don't think the story built around it was all that special. It was also probably the most predictable of any Marvel film to date. Nevertheless, go see it, and stay for both credits scenes, because they are killer.+Douglas & Rudd kill it +Pena is hilarious +Falcon scene +Beginning cameos -Hope -Villain doesn't have much depth 7.7/10
평점: 9	리뷰: I was not really aware of a Marvel character named Ant-Man until recently when articles and trailers about this film began coming out. I was not really that excited until I learned that he was actually one of the original Avengers, then that really got my interest piqued to go watch this one and learn about this previously unfamiliar superhero.Hank Pym was a noted scientist who discovered how to reduce the distance between atoms, enabling objects to be shrunk. Pym suppressed his discovery because of its dangers, which led to the death of his wife. Obsessed, his protégé Darren Cross eventually develops his own shrinking technology but with less than noble purposes in mind. In order to prevent potential disaster, Pym decided to recruit Scott Lang, an electronics engineer turned petty burglar, to steal Cross' Yellowjacket project. To be able to achieve this mission, Pym, along with his daughter Hope van Dyne, trained Lang to become a micro- superhero who can communicate and command ants to do his bidding -- the Ant-Man.I did not know anything about the Ant-Man, his origin and abilities going in, but this film made me a new fan of this cool superhero. Director Peyton Reed only had mostly comedies like "Bring It On" (2000), "Down with Love" (2003) and "The Break-Up" (2006) in his resume. But with his first foray into the superhero genre, he totally made "Ant-Man" an exciting and riveting film that holds your attention from beginning to end with its excellent action and crackling humor. Reed took over from original director/scriptwriter Edward Wright, who dropped out of the project citing creative differences with Disney. For me, the casting of 46 year old Paul Rudd in the lead role came totally from left field. Since his breakthrough role as Josh in "Clueless" (1995), Rudd was only relegated playing mainly supporting roles in small unmemorable comedies. However, like his "Parks and Recreation" co-star Chris Pratt's success as Peter Quill/Star Lord before him, Rudd actually fit right into character as Scott Lang. Rudd had that good-boy charm which was able to make us sympathetic to this small-time crook desperately wanting to do good for the sake of his daughter Cassie (played by Abby Ryder Fortson). Evangeline Lilly proved that the action skills she showed as the elf Tauriel in the last two Hobbit films were no fluke. Her Hope van Dyne is fierce with attitude, with toned arms and shoulders to boot. I do take exception to her annoying hairstyle that was reminiscent of that worn by Dallas Bryce Howard on "Jurassic World". What's up with that "Dora"-do with the bangs and Hollywood nowadays?The role of Hank Pym could have been dry and didactic in the hands of another actor, but Michael Douglas really made this character vital and interesting. His sense of humor was on point. His was the character that was connected with everyone else being the original Ant-Man, and he had excellent working chemistry with everyone: Scott, Hope and villain Darren Cross (played by Corey Stoll).Michael Peña, David Dastmalchian and rapper T.I. played a comical trio of petty crooks with whom Scott hung around. They provide additional humor to the proceedings, especially when things get serious towards the climax. Bobby Cannavale played a clueless cop Paxton who is now the new husband of Scott's ex-wife Maggie (Judy Greer), and step father to Cassie. His character made Scott's life considerably more complicated.The technical aspects of this film were top rate, particularly the amazing visual effects. I really liked the scenes of Ant-Man interacting with the different types of ants. The fight scene of Ant-Man vs. a special guest Avenger was also very well-executed. Those scenes in little Cassie's room where there was a carpeted play area with a toy Thomas train running on its tracks was way better than how it looked in the trailer. The expert film editing was seamless even as scenes (and the sizes of the characters) were shifting so quickly. Aside from mentions of Stark, S.H.I.E.L.D. and the Avengers, there were also two scenes in the end credits (one mid-credit, and another one at the very end) which reveal how Ant-Man will fit into the current Marvel Cinematic Universe situation. Unlike the rather disappointing, heavy- handed "Avengers: Age of Ultron" right before it, "Ant-Man" was entertaining beyond my expectations. Marvel does it again! 9/10.
평점: 10	리뷰: The best Marvel movie I have seen to date, and I love most of the Marvel collection. It has a certain je ne sais quoi, I don't know exactly what I loved so much about it other than to just sit back and marvel (pun intended) in it's majesty. This movie is an epic. A sleeper epic at that, I didn't expect much from it going in. Just like interstellar, the experience trumped all expectations and left me as beguiled in my theater seat as watching Jurassic Park for the first time in 93', yeah, it's that good.Paul Rudd is a favorite of mine so I am a little biased I suppose. His drab humor carries the show as far as comedy goes. Beyond the humor you had action sequences that managed to be both hilarious and riveting. I can't off the top of my head think of any other action sequences that were that indelibly hilarious and cute, while still putting me on the edge of my seat. Go to the movie, stuff your face with popcorn, get all jacked up on cheap movie theater soda and prepare for a ride that you'll not soon forget.
평점: 10	리뷰: I just saw it tonight with my family and I must say I had an incredible time. I repeat, you will NOT BE DISAPPOINTED. I'm still at a loss of words how damn good it was. This is indeed Marvel's secret weapon. Absolute masterpiece trust me please go see the movie. 100000 TIMES BETTER THAN THE AVENGERS. (And I did love Age of Ultron) Every actor should be commended on their roles the dynamics were perfect you'll be blown away. I want to see it again tomorrow. This one definitely packs a wallop (no spoilers intended :) ) I had read a previous review about it being like Ocean's Eleven (YES THAT COULDN'T BE MORE RIGHT) Marvel's certainly done it again.
평점: 7	리뷰: Ant-Man, another gamble for Marvel Studios and in a long time coming. The film doesn't hit an immediate home run, but thankfully makes it to home base and it's not afraid to poke fun at itself. Ant-Man is quite different compared to the other MCU films, it obviously has some similar origin story beats, but it works due to the fact that we haven't seen super powers or ants like this before. But lets get into some of the problems I had with the film. The tone was consistent, but at times I don't think the film really knew what it wanted to be. The starts off very rocky in the beginning. It tires to set things up too eagerly, you don't have time to embrace it, there wasn't much subtlety to it and a lot of the times it feels forced. It eventually picks up steam, but it can be a drag to sit through and is arguably the film's dullest spot. When Ant-Man tries to hit on the heavier notes, there are some moments where it works, but also at times it feels forced when it's trying to be sincere, it's sort of a mix bag, there are plenty good, but it comes with some slightly above average qualities. Like all Marvel villains, with the exception of Loki, Winter Soldier, and Ultron, the villain is so weak and treated almost like fodder. Poor Corey Stoll. I like him, he's a good character actor. I would have loved more backstory on Darren Cross, I can get by his issues with Hank Pym, played by the great Michael Douglas, but it's not really all fleshed out. It's very two- dimensional so to speak. Marvel really needs to improve this aspect of their movies. It's becoming more and more annoying the deeper we go into this cinematic universe, we are twelve movies in and only three villains of those twelve movies are decent at best. I really hope Thanos is done right after all this build up. Anyways, Stoll's action sequences and his Yellowjacket suit is killer though. It's more materialistic and more advance than the Ant-Man suit and provides eye candy. Speaking of Michael Douglas, his role as Hank Pym is very smooth. He does provide a lot of exposition, but his presence in the film just elevates every scene he's in, also being apart of SHIELD for sometime was quite interesting(with a surprise cameo from two MCU veterans). I felt a good chemistry between his character and his daughter Hope Van Dyne played by Evangeline Lilly more so than I did with Rudd and his daughter. Lilly holds her own on screen and isn't a typical damsel in distress, in fact she is the opposite and kicks butt with an attitude. I liked the parallel of the relationship between fathers and daughters within the film, which is what the film operates under. Speaking of that, lets get to Paul Rudd as Scott Lang, he carries this film quite well. He isn't just an everyman per say, but a burglar who tries to do right for his daughter, and we kinda haven't seen that at all. He's likable and fun to watch, and the foundation of this film's success is his spot on performance. Credit for the out of the box casting choice. Normally I dislike child actors, no disrespect, but here his relationship with his daughter Cassie played by Abby Ryder Fortson was tolerable. Rudd has some quippy lines and fun moments, but his sidekicks, mainly Michael Pena's Luis has the funniest moments on the film. T.I. and David Dastmalchian also provide nice supporting roles. I will point out that at times, for me there was just too much comedy, and it made me a little less invested from time to time when things mattered. Bobby Cannavale has a small role, who sort of in a way does not end up being the character I thought he'd end up being which was a nice surprise. The shrinking and expanding element brings a whole different dimension within the action films. It brings something new to see on the big screen and it's quite a joy to watch. Just the use of microphotography and first rate special effects are stellar. Very innovative action, clever, and adventurous. You'll have to see it for yourself to comprehend what I mean, the trailers only give you a taste. With all the drama that took place, Payton Reed does a good job taking over the director's chair over Edgar Wright. Obviously there will be people who would wonder what Wright could have done, one can't help it but think that, but the film shouldn't be judged under those merits. In the end Reed does a commendable job at selling a far-fetched superhero, and making it work overall. Not to mention this film doesn't go into the Iron Man 2 territory, it's a nice blend of references without denting the main narrative. We do get a nice cameo from Anthony Mackie's Falcon which is great(not a spoiler, shown in the TV spots). I'd like the mention that you'd be surprise that the ants in the film are not just drones or used for set pieces, they actually have some cool moments and kinda have characteristics. I've never been more intrigued by ants after seeing this film. You'll leave the theater thinking just how cool the ants are. As for the end credits scene, they are very solid. It ties in very well into the future of the MCU perfectly. Bring on Civil War. 7/10
평점: 3	리뷰: Once upon a time, Ant-Man was the Marvel movie to beat. A founding Avenger with less baggage of expectation, Ant-Man allowed the studio increasing danger of collapsing under the titanic weight of their own 'universe-building' a chance to shake things up with something small (ha), intimate, and quirky. Paired with the eclectic stylistic flair and consummate comedic timing of visionary writer/director Edgar Wright, Ant-Man was primed to become the breath of fresh air in the Marvel Cinematic Universe. Alas. Wright's departure from the project, followed by shady, last minute rewrites, and the hiring of Peyton Reed, best known for helming despicably generic attempts at comedy, didn't bode well. But Marvel's impeccable track record and the inspired casting of Paul Rudd suggested there was still Hope (ha) an enjoyable romp could be salvaged out of the film's prior potential. Indeed, it's hard not to sneer that the film's theme of "second chances," uttered roughly 1800 times by Michael Douglas with all the subtlety of a children's bedtime story, reads as a meta plea for clemency on behalf of the studio. And yet, even with this growing backlog of worrisome evidence against it, none could have predicted the final product to come. Ant-Man is, not to mince words, an insultingly poor film. Inexcusably lazy, under-thought, clichéd, soulless the list of adjectives is endless. Purportedly structured around a heist narrative, the miserable excuse for a script slaps together a slew of loathsome narrative crutches (released con coaxed into "one last job", disgraced dad trying to win back custody rights to his daughter, emotionally distant genius forced to confront the demons of his pastyawn), glued together with laughably contrived MCU tie-ins (a dire prologue tacked on to remind audiences that Marvel's Agent Carter still exists, an Avengers cameo so embarrassingly out of place I won't dare spoil it here, ugh) in a shamefully textbook example of 'safe studio filmmaking'. One would imagine that after the rampant success of the eccentric, daring Guardians of the Galaxy Marvel would push the envelope even further into the realm of clever humour and weird levity. Instead, Reed inexplicably stoops to sassy 'comedic relief' side characters that would have felt stale in the 1980s, otherwise leaning on Paul Rudd's indestructibly affable charisma to keep the film afloat. And though Rudd is nearly impossible to dislike, turning on the charm and puppy-dog pathos and mining the abysmal script for laughs like never before, even he can only do so much to save a sinking ship (it's ironic Rudd's Lang makes a Titanic reference). Running less than two hours and still feeling offensively overlong, Ant-Man plods along at an insomnia-curing pace (Reed may as well have re-titled the film Slug-Man), counterbalancing a stupefying long training montage with terse monologues about morality so repetitive there is a legitimate worry of having entered the simulacrum of Groundhog Day. The sole consolation: the film's visual effects, while often looking slapdash and rushed, do conjure an ant-sized handful of fascinating imagery. Lang's first shrinking experience into the suddenly desolate wasteland of a bathtub provides a blip of entertainment, and there is brief joy – nay, perhaps even a chuckle or two – to be found in his ant-training escapades (watching him surf through a drainpipe on a skittering carpet of ants is a highlight). Similarly, Lang's accidental descent into the subatomic realm provides a gorgeous feast of Escher- influenced surrealism. But, before you know it, we're back to being pummelled senseless by cliché once again. Sigh.Speaking of pummelling: despite a surprisingly sound rationalization of the physicality of Ant- Man (small yet compact, "like a bullet"), the film's action sequences are tragically sparse. It's a shame, as the unique size-changing fight choreography offers a few precious where the film momentarily sputters with some life and vigour. Surely a couple of minutes of Michael Douglas' droning could have been shaved off for a few more shots of unorthodox pounding? Ah, but that would require a director with even a skeletal grasp of energy, pace, or vision (ahem). Among the film's immeasurable log of missed opportunities: no Lang entering the human body and attacking from within, and not even a fleeting glimpse of a triumphant Giant-Man transformation (at least one climactic moment provides an ideal setup). And the Wasp? Shamefully, unforgivably absent. All the while, Christophe Beck's musical score bwomps away in the background, the most hackneyed pastiche of heroic musical clichés yet, and there are even a couple of moments where Reed has the gall to attempt to mimic Edgar Wright's trademark kinetic 'swish-pan' editing and cinematography. Rub salt in the gaping wound, why dontcha. The squandered potential on screen is almost too much to bear. Even the film's generally talented cast is Hopeless (see what I did there? I used the same joke twice. Just like Ant-Man) at providing any respite from the turgid mess surrounding them. Apart from Rudd – and even he starts to seem tired by the end – Michael Douglas snores through the film, his Hank Pym an unmistakably extraneous mentor archetype, while Evangeline Lily continues her Hobbit streak of astoundingly flat 'token action woman' cardboard cutouts. Corey Stoll, saddled with the worst lines the script has to offer (which is saying something), is so embarrassingly cartoonish here it almost overrides his previously impressive work in House of Cards, while poor Michael Peña is forced to constantly mug for increasingly cheap laughs as Lang's fellow ex-con buddy. The worst of the lot: Bobby Canavale's oafish cop/stepdad rival is hilariously out of place, while Judy Greer is given so little screen time as Lang's estranged wife she may as well have played the Invisible Woman. In conclusion (just to finish beating that dead horse): Edgar Wright once opined that "the only bad films are dull films." Ladies and gentlemen, Ant-Man is a bad film. -3/10
평점: 7	리뷰: It's very refreshing seeing a non-sequel Marvel movie. I loved Ant Man very much. The first 20 minutes was kinda boring but it gets interesting after those 20 minutes. The humor in this one is great. The story is pretty much good. But there are still flaws. First flaw is the villain, Darren Cross or Yellowjacket. He almost has no motivation as a villain. His background story wasn't enough, making his character underdeveloped. Second Flaw is, we only get to see Hank Pym as Ant Man on a very short footage. If there would be an Ant Man prequel and we'll see Hank Pym as Ant Man, I'd love to see it. But even with these flaws, it's still a lovable Marvel movie.In conclusion, Ant Man is awesome! Great humor and great story. It was a good treat.
평점: 8	리뷰: Well 20 years ago making a spider-man movie was impossible and people thought it was impossible to show case spider-mans abilities on screen. Now we get to see the Tiniest Superhero Ant-Man and he shrinks on screenWell usually superhero movies create a buzz. They trend on twitter or break the internet. That was not the case with Ant-Man it went through development hell, the director dropped out we thought we would never see it. After Edgar Wrights departure everyone was like, Edgar is amazing and since he left it will bomb.I just got out of an Ant-Man screening and I'm saying I was more than impressed.This movie had heart. It was not just a superhero movie it was a Heist movie. The father daughter chemistry between Michael Douglas and Evangeline Lilly was convincing. And Paul Rudd did look good as a Super hero. They didn't over use the comedy. Michael Pena nailed his role (I'm telling you guys , Pena is going places) . Any how Ant-Man is not only a great superhero movie , it was truly entertaining. Like other movies we didn't see stadiums or aliens coming in. It was small scale that made it great.Peyton Reed really impressed me as a Director, Man those Micro Imaging shots. They were amazing, the perfect cuts where Ant-Man shrinks and comes back to human size , beyond awesome.The only negative thing was that the Villain wasn't that convincing.Apart from that fact its a good movie.PS. THe after credit scenes were so good.
평점: 2	리뷰: What can I say? I have some serious doubts that anyone with a few working brain cells will find much to like about this snooze fest.You know what you're getting yourself into with a MARVEL movie.It's guaranteed success on that basis alone even though not one MCU movie to date has actually been, you know, a good film.Let's put it like this: Even the film's title character points out that it's a stupid idea for a movie.Suffice to say that, as per usual, the MARVEL CINEMATIC UNIVERSE is less than marvellous.I should have known what to expect really. Even though I wasn't at the cinema by choice but was taken there with friends. We all admitted afterwards that we were bored to sleep by it and probably would have slept if it wasn't so loud.1* out of 5
평점: 7	리뷰: The movie is well made but the target audience shouldn't be over 12.It's the Marvel universe about winning and deserving your daughters love. A bit between "Honey I shrunk the kids" (maybe because of the ants?) with the action-theme blended in. Innocent guards being "man handed" are for example explicitly saved before explosions. And are just "knocked out" instead of being gunned down.This also means the characters have a lower level of dialogue and motivations. It also makes the movie less dark and "intense" as the other superhero movies tend to do.The graphics are well done, there is a cadence in the movie that is fluid. Some humor is thrown in while the main idea of the movie is about "fathers loving their daughters". It does seem there has been an effort to display the "stephfather" as a caring supportive role.
평점: 7	리뷰: My Thoughts:The latest installment in the Marvel Cinematic Universe: Ant-Man. Again, Marvel is taking a risk bringing in another property that many people do not know anything about ah la Guardians of the Galaxy which turned out to be the sleeper hit for Marvel last summer. Sadly, Ant-Man does not compare to Guardians of the Galaxy and how good it was, but that is not to say Ant-man is bad--far from it--but, unlike Guardians that had me wanting to go see it again as soon as I could, Ant-man gives us a stand alone movie sort of.What we get is pretty much the origin stories for a lot of new players going into Phase III next year, and whenever you are introducing new characters, you always have the difficult time of balancing their introductions and telling the main story. Ant-man has this problem at the beginning of the movie because they are trying to introduce Scott Lang (Paul Rudd) and give us his motivation for doing the things he does, and it really falls short (maybe not "fall short" per se, but after seeing the reasons, you really don't feel for Scott and his plight). Scott was an employee for a big corporation that stiffed their costumers out of the money that they were due, and so Scott breaks in and steals the money back for the people. In doing so, he gets caught and sent to jail and his wife divorces him; at this point in the story, he is getting married to someone else. So, yeah, he had good intentions, but does that really make him a superhero?Then, we get Hank Pym (Michael Douglas) who, in the comics and in the MCU, is the original Ant-man, and we are introduced to him as a man that does not want his tech to be used for nefarious means. Now, the man he groomed, Darren Cross (Corey Stoll), has taken over Pym Industries, found the old files of the Ant-Man project, and is doing exactly what Pym was afraid would happen.So, much of the story could have been solved if the people in it had been honest and up front with those closest to them. Hank Pym pushed his daughter, Hope van Dyne (Evangeline Lilly), away from him when his wife died and kept her at arms length with a story that Hope knew was a lie. For the story purposes, I can understand why they did it; it lets us see a character that we probably wouldn't have seen otherwise. Secondly, his protegee, Darren, had heard hints about the Ant-Man project but was constantly told by Pym that it was just a myth. If Pym didn't want anyone finding out about his suit, why keep the files at his company instead of somewhere safe.Now this might seem like I didn't enjoy the movie cause I am nit picking; and that is true, I am nit picking, but that is what we reviewers do, right? Paul Rudd, though, still doesn't feel like a superhero to me; he was good on screen and his humorous personality had me chuckling. Michael Douglas is great in his role as Hank Pym, and I was always looking forward to seeing him on camera. Evangeline Lilly had a few moments where she shined, and by the way it ended, we will be seeing some more badass moments from her. I am sorry to say the villain they gave Corey Stoll to play is just another one-dimensional bad guy that they throw at the hero so he has someone to fight against. Honestly, tough, I don't know the villain gallery for Ant-Man, so I don't know who else they could have brought in that might have been a bigger, better baddie. I wish Marvel would stop with these one-and-done villains. I know they are trying that with Thanos, but he is the only one they seem to be doing that for. Well, I guess Loki could be looked at in that light as well.Like always, there are a ton of Easter Eggs to watch out for in this movie. You also get a mid-credit and end-credit scene, so make sure you sit through all the credits, and I will say that both of them were very good and leave you asking a lot of questions, especially for those that do not know a lot of the comic lore that is coming out in phase III.My Recommendation:See It.For More Reviews Check out WWW.Shepfromtamp.com
평점: 8	리뷰: Well, Marvel did it again. They took a lesser known super-hero with a strange premise and turned it into a really solid movie. Ant-Man isn't as strong as Guardians was last year, though that may be my love of space adventures talking. It's comes close, and I'm wondering if Marvel will ever mess up again. They can; Captain America The First Avenger, Iron Man 3, and both Thor's, are about it though (down Marvel fan boys, back, back I say). Those are still enjoyable movies, they just aren't at the level of what Marvel has churned out recently. Ant-Man takes us on a great ride, and Paul Rudd hits a home run as the title character. The movie works because Rudd is a believable lovable loser. You want him to become the hero and save the day. We start out with Scott Lang, Paul Rudd, in prison getting ready to be released. He is trying to go straight, but gets roped into helping Hank Pym, played by Michael Douglas. What makes Ant-Man work is the comedy interlaced within the movie. Rudd has his handiwork all over the movie. There are only a few jokes that don't really work in the movie. If Ant-Man tried to be serious I don't think the movie would work. It's weird to think that a movie like this can exist in the same universe as the Daredevil TV series. They both are great, and really work within the larger framework. The technology in Ant-Man is great. Pym created the suit and the shrinking technology. The bad guy, Darren Cross (Corey Stoll), is trying to reproduce the technology and sell to the highest bidder. It actually has some decent pseudo-science behind the concept. It is at least somewhat believable. You can definitely suspend your belief enough to think a man can shrink down to ant-size and control millions of ants. The ants are something I did not expect. They are my favorite part of the movie. I loved what Lang is able to do with them, and they add to the overall powers of Ant-Man. Ant-Man truly isn't as strong without actual ants to back him up. They play a big part in the movie and help take down Yellowjacket (Darren Cross). Where the movie misses slightly is in the villain. I really like Corey Stoll as an actor. I loved him in House of Cards, but his villain is just too over the top. It was hard to believe someone as unstable as him running a corporation. I also didn't really buy the interaction between Cross and Pym. I couldn't see them every really liking each other. It was hard to think Pym would have every trusted Cross. They try to explain this away, saying Cross has changed because of the Pym-particles affecting his brain. Pym didn't seem affected, they said he was but didn't go into how he was affected. However Pym was affected they did a poor job of explaining the risks to Lang. Will Lang have to hang up the suit because of some form of brain damage in several years? The other weird dynamic is Hank and his daughter Hope, played by Evangeline Lilly. I didn't quite buy into the emotional issues between her and him. They just seemed a little hokey (I really like that word). Lilly and Douglas are really good in their roles, they just didn't quite have the right chemistry together. Douglas and Lilly however both have great chemistry with Rudd. He plays off both of them well, and all three of them together are great on the screen. Without a doubt Rudd is the star of the movie, and he carries the load. You want him to succeed and become the hero. The plot is well done, and special effects are spectacular. I didn't feel like I was watching a something fake when I saw Ant-Man shrink down. There are some intense and funny scenes while he is shrunk, and it is what makes the movie so enjoyable. It feels like Lang becomes the Ant-Man quickly in the movie. It's a good origin story and didn't feel cliché. I had a great time viewing Ant-Man. It was funny, action packed, and has good characters. You can't go wrong with those three components in a movie. We now have to wait a year for our next Marvel movie. We have a bunch of TV shows to hold the fort until then. I'm looking forward to the next Netflix, show A.K.A Jessica Jones, if it's on the same level as Daredevil we are in for a treat. Go see Ant-Man, it is well worth your time and money.Check out more of my reviews at http://dowerreviews.blogspot.com/My Rating: Must Own My top five Favorite Paul Rudd Movies: 1. Clueless (Yep, I went there) 2. Knocked Up 3. I Love you Man 4. The 40-Year old Virgin 5. Forgetting Sarah Marshall
평점: 10	리뷰: Have we seen a Marvel heist movie? No, we have not. But then out of the blue, BAM! There we go! We now have Ant-Man, the best heist movie in all time! The plot follows Scott Lang (Paul Rudd) as he is introduced as this badass burglar who jacked a couple of houses and got locked behind bars. (Paul Rudd was basically himself in this movie). So we are then introduced to Cassie Lang (Abby Ryder Fortson) who is the cute daughter of Scott. Cassie is an important character in this movie as she is basically the moral support of Scott. Scott then is informed by a huge score which Hank Pym (Michael Douglas) intentionally leaked out to sources. Scott breaks in using smart mechanics and finds that there is only a suit. Scott puts it on and tests it out, he is then frightened as the suit suddenly shrinks and he hears Hank's voice. Hank then guides Scott as he trains to adapt to the suit. After rough turns and some training, they are ready to take on Yellow Jacket (Corey Stoll). After a massive battle they defeat Yellow Jacket, and Scott makes out with Hank's daughter. This movie is smart and witty, it makes Age of Ultron go to shame. If I had a bunch of money, I would invest it on making a sequel to this movie. They perfectly introduce Ant- Man into the Marvel Cinematic Universe, they had the perfect cast. This movie is worth buying on Blu-ray! If you like Marvel movies or you like heist movies, I'm sure you'll like this one.
평점: 10	리뷰: Having boys of 12 and 13, we see every superhero movie. That being said, I wasn't holding out too much hope for Ant-Man. He's a lesser known superhero and the kids had never heard of him before. That being said, I was more than pleasantly surprised. It was funny, had some great action sequences, and Paul Rudd was great in the lead role. From certain scenes it looks like Ant-Man will be making future appearances on the big screen, and that's a good thing. (Be sure to stay for the credits. there are a couple scenes after the movie that are worth watching)if you have kids, this movie is definitely worth the money, and if you're a kid at heart, you'll love it too.
평점: 10	리뷰: Ant-Man is an all around fun movie that was obviously made with love for both the comics and the MCU.All the movies in the MCU have a little comedy in them. With the exception of Guardians of the Galaxy most of the movies however rely heavily on the action to pull people in. Ant-Man is much more relatable to Guardians of the Galaxy from that point. The jokes come flying from everyone, most notably Michael Peña.I admit before even hearing about this movie I had no idea who Scott Lang was. To me, Ant-Man was Hank Pym, and that's all I knew. Although it was great to be introduced to a new character, I thought it was amazing that hey pay homage to the original Ant-Man with a flashback of Hank in the suit; also for the ride was Wasp; which of course everyone freaked out about.A lot of supporting characters make their way into the movie, making all the fan boys squeal with glee. Everyone from Howard Stark and Peggy Carter, to the flashback I mentioned above with the original Ant-Man and Wasp. The Falcon is obviously in the movie, as given away from the trailers. Spider-Man Is mentioned in a pretty subtle way towards the very end of the movie.The acting was simply amazing. Paul Rudd did a very convincing job playing his character. You laughed with him, you cried with him, you everything with him. Corey Stoll played Darren Cross aka Yellow jacket. Another character I'm not too familiar with. You really get lost in his cause though and really feel where he's coming from. Until he becomes a complete jerk and you realize that he's just being an ass. He plays insane both inside and outside the suit very well though and I highly commend him for that.This movie was obviously made for 3D and this is one that I feel would be very worth seeing in 3D. All the scenes were visually beautiful even when not seeing in that format. The bathtub scene when he first shrinks down dropped my jaw. The final act of the movie with the amazing fight sequences were just that; AMAZING. The amount of detail in the choreography makes for scene after scene of amazing beauty.This movie has it all and I have debated over giving it a 9 or a 10. After much thought and reliving the movie in my head there is no way I can give it less than a 10. It had me from the very beginning and did not let me go.
평점: 9	리뷰: I watched this movie on it's opening, and I have to say, I wasn't disappointed in the least!! While it is similar to the Marvel origin movies before it, it takes an unique approach to the characters. The mentor/pupil relationship between Hank Pym/Scott Lang is a refreshing new addition to the series, along with Hank Pym's own relationships with his family. The chemistry between the three main characters is stunning, and the acting is spot- on, you'll never feel like you're simply watching an origin story. The new enemy of the series may not seem so unique on the surface (business man gone wrong), but Corey Stoll does a magnificent job in setting himself apart from the other villains of the series. Paul Radd's Scott Lang is also a great addition to the already great cast of the Avengers. He does a great job of not only making Scott Lang a very relate-able character, but you end up rooting for him the entire movie, even against some wonderful characters. The amount of humor he adds to the story feels well-paced and timed, never making the audience feel like the jokes are out of place or unnecessary. Ant-Man's unique powers are also a nice addition compared to what was seen before, his abilities to control ants and shrink really set it apart and not making you feel like it's just a battle of "who's stronger." Lastly, the fact it's a heist film in soul also adds much to story. It allows the character to understand and grow as the hero, while also allowing character development and drama that just ends up making you very invested in what's going on, while feeling well-paced. While still being a superhero Marvel film (so there's not as much worry in wondering if he will complete the job from the beginning), it endeavors to pull away from some hero stereotypes, and this is especially true near the end when the heist begins to start. I personally really loved the film, and think it's among Marvel's best. Much like Winter Solider, which had elements of a spy drama, it really sets itself apart from what we've seen, and reminds us that these movies still have much to offer us.
평점: 8	리뷰: i've finished watch the premiere of the Ant Man, and i've got a superb experience afterward.At first, i don't have a big expectation for this movie. I mean an Ant man? a power to get your body shrink to the size of an ant? what a ridiculous superpower in my opinion. But, don't get me wrong. i'm a big fans of marvel, and I've followed the Marvel Cinematic Universe. I have this question when Marvel Announce to develop this movie "is he deserve his own movie?" i mean a film with those kind of power into a 117 minute movie? is it worth?also, I have this stereotype about superhero movie that usually full of tension and dark. So, When the director name finally shows up. I Confuse with Marvel decision to choose Payton Reed as a director. Why him? isn't he well-known as director of comedy-drama film (Yes man, The Break-up), and now he's gonna direct a superhero movie? Well, in my opinion this movie not gonna be big, and I WAS TOTALLY WRONG. I've got a big entertain and a lot of enjoyment after watching this. The story is about Dr.Hank Pym (Michael Douglas) who invented the shrinking suit technology to shrink people into a size of an ant. He finally found out that those technology gonna be some big trouble in the future. His mentee Darren Cross (Corey Stoll) made an alternative suit called the Yellowjacket which is used for a war and destructive purpose. to stop this evil plan, Dr.Pym invite Scott Lang (Paul Rudd) a retire-professional burglar. He Stop being a burglar after he came out from jail. and, he promise to start a better living. but, he finally get caught again after got fired from his job, and didn't have a financial support. He finally find a way out to became steal-things expert again. to find redemption and a better live, Dr.Pym offered him to become the Ant Man to save the world.... and her daughter. the Character development was pretty good. The background of Scott Lang is portrayed by Paul Rudd Excellently. Not to forget, thanks to Evangeline Lilly and Michael Pena who make the movie twice as fun. in the future, I guess Ant Man will have the great impact on Marvel Cinematic Universe.i really enjoy the movie! and my disappointment on Falcon because he didn't get enough action on previous film (Avenger: age of Ultron) finally paid off. and, so do my ticket. This is a different kind of superhero movie, i recommend for those superhero fans out there to watch it.Welcome to the Marvel Universe, Ant man.
평점: 8	리뷰: Ant-Man follows Dr. Hank Pym, who recruits the talents of Scott Lang, a master thief just released from prison. Lang becomes Ant-Man, trained by Pym and armed with a suit that allows him to shrink in size, possess superhuman strength and control an army of ants. The miniature hero must use his new skills to prevent Darren Cross, also known as Yellowjacket, from perfecting the same technology and using it as a weapon for evil.Well Marvel, you have done it once again. Peyton Reed certainly gets huge props for taking the sworn duty of directing such a spectacle of a superhero film, after having complications with production, Reed really pulled off a well directed film with a tremendous special effects team that made this little hero come to life.Paul Rudd, bringing such a magnetic performance as Scott Lang was certainly a sight for sore eyes, he didn't take his role to seriously and brought a carefree guy who really grows on you and just can't help but love. Most of comic flair in this works so well because of this terrific casts chemistry, Michael Peña being one of the biggest highlights of the film brought pure hilarity, not just him but Evangeline Lilly and Michael Douglas were along with the ride as well.The action which was so stimulating and engaging that you can't take your eyes off the screen, the special effects were so mind boggling that you can't help to applaud the people behind it. The action is really one of the most engaging parts of the film that it gives such a adrenaline rush to your viewing experience, comic from the view point of our hero makes it more funny and strongly compelling.The villain wasn't really all that menacing to me, we get so little backstory that there isn't much believability to these evil deeds but he did do a terrific job in the action. The first 15- 20 minutes did put a little bump into the story because like Marvel does, we need to know why our hero is doing what he's doing but it doesn't affect the film all that badly.Ant-Man is definitely a superhero film of a different size, extremely captivating and compelling, AM delivers enough pleasure and hilarity to satisfy amongst the giants!
평점: 1	리뷰: Me and my kids have enjoyed all of the Marvel films so far, so we went to see Ant Man as soon as we could. Big mistake. I was bored, my kids were bored and kept asking if we could go home. Everything about it is just downer and not what you want from a superhero film. Some of it really isn't appropriate for kids either. Everybody in the cinema seemed disappointed, we heard a lot of grumbling as we left (and no, it wasn't just about my kids complaining, they were still pretty quiet).Wish we'd seen something else and we'll have to be more careful about Marvel films in future.
평점: 7	리뷰: Ant-Man delivers much of the fun, good (if silly) stretches of the comedy, and the wacky comic-book science fiction stuff that many of us come to expect from the Marvel Cinematic Universe. It's also a movie that caused some movie people to raise their eyebrows when the original director Edgar Wright parted ways with Marvel over some "creative differences". What was it exactly, we may never know, though there's been speculation about the studio and producers like Kevin Feige forcing on the other aspects of the MCU onto what is an origin story mostly unto itself about Dr. Hank Pym restarting his Ant-Man design with thief Scott Lang (Michael Douglas and Paul Rudd, both cast by Wright). Whatever the case, we now have the movie we have in front of us. For me, I saw little things that did indicate it was still Wright's work (and he shares script and story credit with Joe Cornish, along with Rudd and Adam McKay), while still being basically a fairly safe comic-book movie.What I mean by comic-book movie isn't meant to be a put-down, though with the deluge we've been getting in theaters (or it feels like that due to the over-marketing of them) there's always the possibility of fatigue from all of the explosions and daring-do. At the heart of Ant-Man is lots of goofy science that is explained in the way that it is through these kinds of movies, not just of the Marvel kind but just of any goofy sci-fi flick (atoms, and things becoming Sub-Atomic as well, which I'll get to later). At the same time it's also a father-daughter story, as both Pym and Lang are fathers who have to do right by them - it's what drives them both, and the scenes between Douglas and Evangeline Lilly feel strong enough in that regard (her mother, Hank's wife and the original Wasp we learn, died due to an accident in the 80's).We only see so much of Rudd and his daughter, and for me that was kind of perfunctory for the story: his drive to do right by his daughter is mentioned repeatedly, not least of which by his ex-wife and the girl's new father (Bobby Cannavale, always a welcome presence), but we only see so much of that bond between them, given that Lang's just gotten out of jail. But it's fine - the desire to see her will, I guess, drive him to have better control over his ant army (no kidding) to get into places and "steal stuff" as the trailer says. And for what he's asked for, Rudd makes this a fun, likable anti-turned-real hero, and delivers the quips and one-liners given with the comic umph that they're needed.The action moves swiftly enough and is directed competently. I mention 'competently' not to make Peyton Reed seem like some kind of hired hack - hired, though he was, he shows some visual flair, most notably when a character finally becomes "Sub-Atomic", which is as much a credit to the VFX wizards at Marvel studios, but is probably the highlight of the movie for me, when things story-wise get most desperate too - but is it missing its original director? This could be a good example to show in film schools down the line of how a script can have solid comic beats and unexpected moments for characters (primarily the wildest and funniest lines are given to Lang's co-horts in crime, most especially Michael Pena), while still missing a real visual edge. Again, this isn't badly directed exactly, and I'm sure things like the Thomas the Tank Engine gag, and not just what you see in the trailer but everything else, could have been screwed up in even more incapable hands.But maybe there could've been more to the villain. Here we get Corey Stoll as Cross, a pretty terrific actor (Midnight in Paris, House of Cards especially) and here we know who this character is - Pym's former protégé gone corporate criminal mastermind - from minute one, without any ambiguity. But it didn't make him very interesting, and I felt kind of sorry for such a guy as good as he is to be given a character who is at best two dimension if not less ("I saw too much of me in you," Hank basically says to Cross to explain to the audience why he is the way he is, the bad parts magnified). There's also some science with the character and the Yellow-Jacket suit that get rushed in the third act, but really it is another example of a Marvel villain getting the short-shrift; maybe not to the extent of Ronen in 'Guardians', but close enough.Still, the heroic side is what is most often strong in these MCU movies, and Rudd and Lilly deliver for the characters solid acting chops, and you care (up to a point at least) about the conflicts. Douglas does too, and maybe gives the most... most character, I guess (interesting, captivating, troubled, you pick). Pym has so much that has happened in his life, much heart-break, lost scientific dreams either stolen away from him or, worse, it went to his head. It makes me want to see an Ant-Man pre-origin movie, albeit with another actor (and no more weird CGI to make actors look younger, like in the opening scene of this - weird).He's the kind of star a film like this needs alongside the other capable and ready-to-do-this players, and makes Ant-Man a fun experience with its complex heist involving (yes) a fleet of ants, and the ability of the hero to shrink and grow large with the push of a button. A cool power, which I hope to see more of in these movies. But top tier for this studio? Not quite.
평점: 9	리뷰: Armed with a super-suit with the astonishing ability to shrink in scale but increase in strength, con-man Scott Lang must embrace his inner hero and help his mentor, Dr. Hank Pym, plan and pull off a heist that will save the world.For many moviegoers whose knowledge of the Marvel Cinematic Universe doesn't extend to its second tier pantheon of superheroes, the thought of a microscopic man in a microscopic suit and mask may sound a bit, well, ridiculous. Neither super nor particularly heroic. However, if you don't have Thor's hammer, Captain America resolve or Iron Man know-how, what's an Avenger to do? The answer is: go small and exude a good sense of humour, which is precisely what floats this latest addition to the Marvel Cinematic firmament. Marvel had more to prove with Ant-Man than any other post-Iron Man MCU entry and Phase 2 closer might be the sucker punch few expected this year. In fact, there never been true classics among human shrinkage wee sub genre, as the format does force filmmakers to visualise the world from a very particular point of view and that never been easy for anyone. After Captain America: The Winter Soldier's conspiracy curves, Ant-Man arrives with a burglar trying to go straight who reverts to crime because the only post-prison job he can get is a McJob. The run time of the movie is well spent on setting fresh character connections. Those links are plotted with satisfying symmetry across a pattern of fathers/children and mentors/protégés. Paul Rudd nails it as Scott Lang, he's such a likable addition to the MCU and I absolutely loved his portrayal of the character. This guy brings a sort of average-Joe charm, bringing the film to life with his sharp comic timing, almost like Chis Pratt (Guardians of the Galaxy) he's smart enough to handle these films with a light touch. Rudd is helped by an ace supporting cast. Having an actor of Douglas' calibre on board lends the film some gravitas to balance the humour. Michael Douglas is fantastic in this movie, not just because it's Michael Douglas and he's a hell of an actor, he's talented and it's nice to see him in a good movie; but they gave Hank Pym such a good back story. His relation with his daughter ads a great depth to this film and took it in the right direction. Douglas resumes his Wall Street-ish mentor mode which ads wrinkly warmth, he sells every line as Hank Pym: this genius who, by the way it must be noted, also fathered Ultron in the comic books canon (in earliest movie he was created by Tony Stark and Bruce Banner). Michael Pena is comedy gold, every word coming out from this guy mouth is perfect, he nails every line as well. Yet, the villain is purely a plot devices. He's just a big evil guy who's really good at being evil and like to do evil things, like shrinking lambs without even feeling a shred of guilt. He's not a compelling character. Darren Cross acts stupidly and harshly when things are on the line. He doesn't have the demented grand vision that a major villain should have - Ultron would have him for a snack. Marvel was once again able to take a less known, a lot smaller hero and make it as entertaining as this film was, it really paid off. Writer Edgar Wright mostly perfectly captured the comedy/drama/action balance. The story dynamics are fundamentally silly but the action sequences are very well done. The film deals with divorce, estranged fatherhood, societal alienation which sounds more like a Bruce Springsteen song than a Marvel pitch; but the comic relief is judiciously dished out and the first half hour has a lighter hearted approach. The story central conflict does not involve Scott but rather, Pym and his betrayer. This movie understood that it was a smaller movie. It's knowingly small scaled which is alright because heroes are also small scaled sometimes. Visually, the 3D really ads something to the action scenes at least - god knows I'm not a huge fan of 3D. This has to be highlighted as those scenes where Scott shrank down in size, they blurred out the background so deeply do that the focus was solely on this tiny man running around. It worked very well for those sequences. Indeed, the action scenes are stunning to look at, the cgi isn't obvious at all, it may be due to the photo realistic aspect of the whole cinematography. Ant-Man isn't perfect. The structure isn't perfectly balanced in the first act. Sometimes it's very funny and sometimes deadly serious. This feels like couple different movies are happening at once. Finally, the comedy prevails in a project that is historically integral to the Marvel map of the world but also seems on the margins of it. I won't spoil anything but I also loved the way it tied into other MCU instalments with references. Marvel did it again. Ant-Man is a lot of fun, I laughed constantly throughout this film. Overall Ant-Man is a refreshing proposition, in a super-sized summer, the dinosaurs and Arnie-bots won't know what it them. Reed and Rudd's film, is proof that no matter how silly some ideas might sound at first, good things often do come in small packages.
평점: 6	리뷰: For the next five years a Marvel Cinematic Universe film will never be more than 6 months away. The Disney owned studio is pumping these things out like the world is ending, for better or for worse. Some end up being dazzling action spectacles and some end up being uninspired disasters. Then there's Marvel's newest film, Ant-Man, which falls somewhere in between as a competently entertaining, yet intrinsically flawed film. It's nothing more than middle of the road superhero fare, and there's really nothing wrong with that.Ant-Man marks the end of Marvel's Phase Two. If Avengers: Age of Ultron was Phase Two ending on a bang, Ant-Man is the quieter fizzle that follows. It also marks Marvel's first return to telling origin stories since Captain America: The First Avenger. Yes, Guardians of the Galaxy was new territory but that's far from the origin story model that Ant-Man so closely adheres to. The film follows ex-con Scott Lang who is hired by Hank Pym, the original Ant-Man, to carry out a heist to get Pym's shrinking technology out of the wrong hands. Scott, motivated by the love for his daughter who is in the custody of Scott's estranged wife, accepts the Ant-Man torch passed to him by Pym, and by the end of the film the newest member of The Avengers is born.I'll admit, Ant-Man starts out rough. I went into this movie with skepticism, mostly fueled by how badly I wanted to see Edgar Wright's version of this film. After seeing what Ant-Man became after Wright's departure I'm not terribly disappointed but I want to believe Wright's insight could have saved some of the weakest parts of this film. Those parts in question surround the human relationships that the movie tries so hard to make us care about. You've got Scott's relationship with his daughter, as well as Pym's relationship with his driving the "emotion" of the film. It didn't take me long to realize how little I cared about either. This script tries incessantly to get us invested in the human element at the core of this story, but some of the most sentimental moments played so cheesy, and some pacing issues stuck scenes of important character development in oddly random places.As the family drama bullshit continued to develop I really started to think Marvel had churned out a dud. Then about 20 minutes in Scott shrinks for the first time and my whole opinion of the film started to change. Despite everything else, I was reminded that this is a superhero story. Ant-Man takes a while to establish itself as what it actually is, which is a strange yet fun mish-mash of genres. At it's core Ant-Man is a by-the-books superhero origin film, but it also wants to be a comedy, which is something it succeeded at about 70% of the time. It's lucky enough to possess real comedic talent in it's lead, Paul Rudd, and Michael Pena who steals the show as the goofy fast talking friend/sidekick of Scott's. Then, in terms of the action, Ant-Man is also a heist film that utilizes all the beats and tropes of bank robbery flicks of the 60's and 70's. This amalgam of genres doesn't always work, but it gives you enough of reasons to enjoy Ant-Man. I think what will save this film from being lost in the halls of Marvel is the uniqueness of its action. For years we've been so used to big action spectacle from these films. We expect buildings to blow up, cities to be destroyed, and larger than life figures to be punching each other as hard as they can. Ant-Man gives us something so fresh in its macro spectacle, turning the inside of a briefcase into a battle arena and a little girl's bedroom into the battlegrounds for a final act showdown. Marvel continues to work its visual genius here, making the ant sized world come to life and feel so authentic. There is some great use of macro photography that puts us right in the middle of the action making something as mundane as a bathtub an exciting venue for CGI fueled excitement.In many ways Ant-Man is a breath of fresh air. However, there's a lot in the writing that makes this film feel like a story we've already seen hundreds of times before. All in all Marvel has delivered to us another entertaining use of two hours. This is by no means a bad film. It's a problematic film that saves itself with the familiar spectacle of Marvel given to us in an unfamiliar fashion. There are a lot of other Marvel films that I would recommend before this one, but Ant- Man has still succeeded in being a lot of innocent fun. It teaches us that, sometimes, that's all you can really ask for.
평점: 10	리뷰: I have been following Ant Man since Edgar Wright was set to direct as i am a massive fan of his work. Then he left the project. I was worried Ant Man would just get lost in two different screenplays as i heard Wright's work was still being incorporated in, plus not knowing enough about the character from the comics.. But there really was no need to worry. The film turned out better than i could have hoped and even trumped my expectations. Paul Rudd does a great job and brings his all to the role of Scott Lang, a thief who has just come out of jail after three years. Over at Pym Tech Darren Cross (Corey Stoll) is developing a formula to mirror Hank Pym's (the original Ant Man) and to create a new breed of soldiers called the 'Yellowjacket'. Pym recruits Scott Lang as the new Ant Man to pull off a heist which will save the lives of millions.. and that is pretty much our movie. Michael Douglas plays Pym in this film and he really does it so well. Every time he was on screen he was a blast to watch and listen to and the father/daughter dynamic and storyline between him and Hope (Evangeline Lilly) without giving spoilers, was great to see. When Pym is training Scott to become the new Ant Man, that was so fun to watch and you can tell Paul Rudd and Michael Douglas had a great time working with each other. I was sort of worried at first that the shrinking and growing repeatedly during fight scenes would get on my nerves as at first it takes a while to adjust to (especially in 3d), but i actually liked that a lot and loved seeing the scenes where Scott was training with the ants when he is small.Speaking of the ants, they were brilliant. The way they are introduced by Pym seemed ridiculous to me at first but i loved watching them. Seeing Scott interact with them and fly around on them, it was so cool and something we haven't previously seen in any film. Marvel aren't very strong on villains and we have known this as it has been shown countless times. Villains like Abomination, Whiplash and Ronan have always felt weak and just as if they were made to serve as a plot device. I loved Corey Stoll as Darren Cross/Yellowjacket though. I mean, he is sort of introduced as a villain to start with for not much of a reason but unlike most MCU villains he was expanded upon. When he actually put on the Yellowjacket suit, that was great and something that felt fresh, to see him as well as Ant Man duking it out whilst growing and shrinking and throwing objects that are three times their size. The climax featuring none other than Thomas the Tank Engine was one of my favourite fight scenes in the entire Marvel series. In fact, there is another fight featuring a well known Avenger that you probably know of, but just in case you don't i wont reveal what it is, but i loved that one as well.Michael Pena also gives a standout performance. These films feature a comic relief character a lot of the time, but if it works then don't fix it. Every time he was on screen i was laughing and i thought he did a very good job. Anyway,to wrap it up, i enjoyed Ant Man so much. I loved the scenes with Scott kicking a$$ as Ant Man, i loved Michael Douglas, Yellowjacket was awesome.. i don't really think i saw any flaws with this one. If Marvel continue to give their lesser known characters such good films then i am definitely on board the same way i was with Guardians of the Galaxy. Plus their are two post credits scenes which i loved. Really gets me excited to see not only Ant Man's future, but the future of the whole MCU. Another great film and i haven't given this rating since Age of Ultron, not because i'm a fanboy.... but because i know good entertainment and if a film entertains me as much as Ant Man does, it deserves this high of a rating.🐜
평점: 7	리뷰: Ant-Man is not your typical Marvel film. Most Marvel movies exist in a universe where the bounds of science are pushed, while comedic elements are incorporated sparsely throughout the film. Ant-Man is different in that science is completely disregarded, while comedy runs rampant throughout the film. This, as it turns out, was actually a really good idea.Who needs all that science crap, when we can just watch hilarity unfold and laugh ourselves silly? Most of the time I would ask that sarcastically, but after seeing Ant-Man I suddenly understand the appeal.With Ant-Man, Marvel has made a statement. Marvel films are based in fantasy, not reality. The science in Ant-Man is mindbogglingly unrealistic, but on the other hand, it's one of the funniest films I've seen in a long time. Marvel has decided that they're not going to be limited by the laws of physics, and that comedy is more valuable than drama.Simply put, Marvel has doubled down and embraced its silliness, and that's a good thing. It's better to be cinematically pure, than to try to please everybody. Rather than worrying about realism, Marvel is more concerned with making smart characters that make rational decisions in an unrealistic world. The science is all wrong, but the character's decisions are completely fine.I can forgo scientific errors, mainly because they exist in the background. It's easy to forget about how particles actually work, and just embrace the madness of Ant-Man's ridiculous shrinking suit. It's hard to get over people doing things that they would never realistically do; things that move the plot in the direction the writers want.Marvel's good at avoiding that because they keep the plot simple, and just let the ball roll down hill, rather than constantly pulling strings. The characters don't need to make ridiculous decisions to move the plot along because the plot moves all by itself. I can't tolerate it when a character does something stupid like walking into a cage that houses an incredibly dangerous animal just to inspect some claw marks on the wall (yes, I'm talking to you Jurassic World!).Ant-Man is a movie about characters. The suit isn't the star of the film. The physics aren't important. What is important is that every character stay true to him/herself and provide wit and clever dialogue to keep the audience intrigued. That's what Marvel has accomplished here.This is a new milestone in the MCU, one that incorporates the simplicity of Iron Man, the humor of Guardians of the Galaxy, and the stellar character interactions of The Avengers. Aside from the scientific inaccuracies, this film is highly entertaining and well worth watching. For all its problems, it more than makes up for it in laughs.
평점: 9	리뷰: i don't know if it me but i really enjoy the film this was an off-beat humour and unfamiliar characters from the Marvel Universe ,it just at a millionth of the size and the story is not like other Universe films as this share fun and very genius idea to put Paul Rudd as a heroes (at start i wasn't sure he would do a great like green lantern) but i really enjoy him as characters and really bad ass to his character.the storyline for the film itself share might be weirdest to watch but people will enjoy what they will see on screen and will connect to story and i really hope to see Ant-Man carry on in Marvel Universes for many year to come
평점: 8	리뷰: The summer movie season has already delivered big hits like Joss Whedon's The Avengers: Age of Ultron, George Miller's Mad Max: Fury Road, and Colin Trevorrow's Jurassic World . but their is more blockbusters . Certainly towards the top of the list is the latest effort from Marvel Studios – Peyton Reed's Ant-ManAnt-Man is at its absolute best when the "Marvel movie" gives way to the "Peyton Reed/Paul Rudd comedy" flick. this is Marvels weirdest movie , but its a good thing . Before this moviewas being made , i thought it would suck, but it turned out to be a great marvel movie. this movie proves that marvel can do anything besides the Hulk. Paul Rudd was terrific.
평점: 9	리뷰: Absolutely nailed this film. It's refreshing to have a new face with his own film bring something new to MARVEL where they can start a character from fresh. The whole concept opens up a whole new world for marvel to play with... And they toyed with it VERY well in this film. The characters are very elaborate and make what is already a fantastic idea for the franchise even better. This new power allows anything to now be make cool and seen from a new perspective and I think that's what made this film fly by. The story is great (as ever) and just makes you LOVE Ant-Man. For any MARVEL fans you will see this anyway, but it is 100% worth it and for anyone who isn't a marvel fan, at least give it a try... It's a little different ! And just so people know, make sure you hang around for AFTER CREDITS and AFTER AFTER CREDITS ! Yes there are TWO ! Don't miss out
평점: 9	리뷰: Don't listen to any of the people hating on this film. These people just can't sit through a movie that doesn't have non stop action. This movie is sophisticated, it doesn't bang you over the head with avengers references while still tying into the MCU very well, and it's hilarious. I am a fan of marvel movies and this one is up there with Captain America the winter soldier, and guardians of the galaxy for my favorites. People who go and see this will be surprised by the great performances of the actors/actresses and the great storytelling. Although this is a superhero movie, under it all its a heist film and that's what marvel does so well they take superhero movies and put them into different genres. Overall it's a great flick and one you would be sorry to skip seeing this summer.
평점: 9	리뷰: Onetime S.H.I.E.L.D. operative Dr. Hank Pym is a brilliant scientist responsible for the creation of 'shrinking technology' that allows its user to become a formidable weapon, but not without dangerous complications. Fearing that his technology will fall into the wrong hands—thus creating worldwide ramifications—Pym finds his solution in the form of Scott Lang, an ex-con looking to go straight. One of the more unique additions to the MCU this throws out some good (if derivative) special effects and nifty action scenes, but it stays strictly within the confines of the origin tale formula making it difficult to shake an inherent feeling of déjà vu. Lacks a compelling villain or well-drawn supporting characters, and fails to take any real chances, but has enough gratuitous cameos and in-jokes to keep dedicated fans interested, and goes a long way on its sense of humor. Rudd does what he's supposed to do, easily inhabiting the skin of a flawed everyman seeking redemption, while Douglas brings considerable presence as his aged, emotionally scarred mentor. **½
평점: 9	리뷰: I went into this flick not expecting much. I'm not an Ant Man fan so I was not waiting in anticipation for this as much as I wanted to see Age of Ultron.The character that Paul Rudd plays in this movie is not the Ant Man I wanted to see, and Micheal Douglas' role as Hank Pym, the original Ant man only made me want to see him dawn the suit even more, cause Micheal Douglas was everything a superhero should be in this movie, Charming, really good dialog, and ready for action. Overall, Ant Man surprised me. It was one of the more unique superhero movies out. Ant Man did things far beyond just punching and kicking that a lot of superheroes are doing on the big screen and went places no other super hero could go making for an action packed adventure. As cool as Ant Man was when he was regular size beating up the bad guys, was as good as when he was shrunken, riding and controlling ants in a world only he can go to.The villain Darren Cross was actually pretty good too. Not as good as Loki, but just as psycho. Once again, not an Ant Man fan but this movie is changing my mind. I'm so impressed with what Paul Rudd did with the character. Not only that, but it's a great Marvel comic movie, in how it intertwines with the whole Marvel cinematic Universe.Definitely recommend seeing in 3D cause it's that type of movie that deserves it.
평점: 5	리뷰: A crowd-pleaser that didn't please me. It reminded me of 'The Rocketeer' (1991) and like that film, Ant-Man will probably be forgotten about in relatively short period of time. A comic book hero like Superman endures, but I don't think Ant-Man will. 'The Shadow' (1994); that film is almost completely forgotten about; that's what I think will happen with Ant-Man. Michael Douglas's goats beard in Ant-Man annoyed me. The music was filler. I didn't like the smart, tough girl played by Evangeline Lilly. I didn't find Ant-Man funny; it was formula stuff; I've seen it all before; just think 'Antz' (1998) with an ordinary guy (like Spiderman or Captain America) who gets a suit that can shrink him to a minuscule size who commands insects and saves the world. Ant-Man was clever, but it presumed the audience was familiar with 'The Avengers' and 'Captain America: The Winter Soldier'. Other audience members seemed to enjoy it; maybe I wasn't in the mood.
평점: 10	리뷰: I was so excited that I missed the second end credits scene!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! The story is funny, deep and I am willing to give my kidney to see ant-man 2 right now!@!!!!!! The supporting cast is great making the show constantly enjoyable, the action and comedy keep you wanting more and more. This is the first movie in my life I want to see twice at the cinema, it has little to no inside baseball marvel stuff. It is the best summer movie, miles better than mad max and jurassic park.The best movie of the year so far it makes up for how OK the avengers was. Sorry for the incoherence it is because I am so hyped, that I can barely type.
평점: 6	리뷰: Even by comic-book movie standards, a thief who can shrink himself to the size of an insect – as well as being able to telepathically control ants – is a totally bonkers premise for a blockbuster. As their sensational Guardians of the Galaxy proved, however, Marvel Studios isn't afraid to take left-field ideas and turn them into cinematic gold. It's a shame then, that Ant-Man is more of a mildly diverting setup for phase three of the Marvel Cinematic Universe, rather than a wholly entertaining flick that can stand on its own two legs. It's also arguably the least action-centric Marvel film to date, with barely a punch thrown or weapon fired until the final act, save for an unexpected (and highly enjoyable) scrap between the titular hero and a recognisable face. Where this idiosyncratic heist flick scores big points though, is in the comedy department. With a script worked on by Edgar Wright, Joe Cornish and Paul Rudd, it's hardly surprising to find a tongue-in-cheek tone and a healthy splattering of jokes; Michael Pena's goofy sidekick bagging the biggest laugh with an energetic monologue. On leading man duties, Rudd is eminently lovable as burglar Scott Lang – his effortless charm ideal for such a breezy adventure – whilst Michael Douglas brings gravitas to mentor Hank Pym. Coming so soon after Terminator: Genisys gave us a decent-looking youthful Arnie, the digitally de-aged Douglas in the opening scene here is scarily good too, with the CGI staying at a top level throughout. Devoid of an interesting villain and largely lacking in thrills, this is somewhat of a missed opportunity in the Marvel universe. Yet with a strong protagonist (who will be superb when thrown into the Avenger mix), a solid gag rate, and a light-hearted mood (resulting in a PG rating), it's an amusing film suitable for the whole family.
평점: 8	리뷰: Ant-Man was one of those movies that was almost hard to believe they were going to try to make into a movie. Even in the trailers they made fun of the name and predictably the general public followed. The buzz for this movie seemed minimal with friends and if anything was said about it, usually it came from a negative perspective. I had some hope for this film though, I think Paul Rudd is hilarious and the overall commitment to a more comedic cast, director and writers seemed like a promising fit for Marvel instead of action guys writing comic relief.Ant-Man begins with a young Michael Douglas, playing Dr. Hank Pym, arguing with some members of SHIELD about an invention of his and him not sharing it with them. You find out early that his wife is dead and he has no intentions of letting SHIELD use his application, in fear of what could happen if it gets into the wrong hands. Then fast forward to present day, Scott Lang, who is in prison for burglary, (Rudd) gets released in a pretty amusing scene. You learn a great deal about the Lang character quickly. He has a daughter, with a women who is now engaged to a cop, and that he is not allowed to see her until he gets his life together and can pay his alimony. You learn more of his criminal activity that landed him in prison and the almost Robin Hood persona it follows. He gets a job and gets fired due to a background check and a struggle follows of Rudd's character trying to stay away from the life of crime, but wanting to be able to be in his daughter's life.Paul Rudd is absolutely perfect for this role and breaths a lot of life into this movie, same goes for Michael Douglas. The comedy to this point was pretty effective and invoked my laughs and the people around me in the theater. The movie was slow getting to the super hero part, but in hindsight I think that's a strength of Ant-Man because this worked better as a heist and unconventional super hero movie better than it would of as a grand scale typical Marvel movie.Through struggles and pressures Scott Lang decided to do a heist his friend Luis, hilarious turn by Michael Peña, has set up and has been trying to get him to do. Showing his physical and intellectual skills, Lang gets in with ease but discovers instead of money or gold, their is a suit in the vault. Dr. Pym turns out to be recruiting Scott to be the new Ant-Man and tries to sell the idea to him as he tries on the suit and gets himself into a little trouble. Wanting nothing to do with this he returns the suit, breaking in again, but this time gets caught by the cops and sent to jail. At this point he has no options but to join Pym as he has a plan to bust him out of jail. Throughout the movie you get the antagonist Darren Cross, played by Corey Stoll (House of Cards), revealing he is getting close to achieving something similar Dr. Pym's technology, the Yellowjacket suit. This is why Pym is recruiting Rudd's character, to use him and his own Ant-Man suit to steal Cross's Yellowjacket suit before he sells it to some rather sketchy people.As talked about earlier, the ant sized scope of this film is refreshing compared to the rest of the Marvel universe. Instead of the fight for the world on a grand scale you get an intimate fight with those same stakes in the background. The obviously coming "climatic fight scene" was also surprisingly original and had some interesting and new elements even thought the setting isn't what you would think of as an interesting setting for this type of movie's climax.The humor overall was a strength of the movie and didn't take away from the dramatic elements as other Marvel films usually are guilty of. There were scenes were they used the same type of punch line over and over which got tedious and corny. Some of the dialogue in the fight scenes were also pretty comically bad and the villain Corey Stoll was a pretty poorly written and uninteresting character in my book. They tried something interesting with the effect the suit and science has on people involved that could of been developed into an interesting development for the Stoll character, but that was completely ditched and what we ended up with was a pretty Clichéd character.Ant-Man is the best Marvel movie of the year, which is only a moderate accomplishment due to Age of Ultron being so average. With great humor comes great responsibility and overall the cast, writers, and director don't let down Uncle Ben's famous line that I just butchered to fit my review. The intimate scope is refreshing and daring for a Marvel franchise that has become obsessed with destroying whole cities with not much of a thought. Not great but absolutely good enough to catch in theaters for a fun ride following this unique super-hero.Check out more of my reviews: http://reviewsbycaleb.com
평점: 9	리뷰: When Paul Rudd was announced as Antman, I double checked if I was reading it right. With no disrespect to Paul, I never considered him to fit in a big franchise as a leading man. But well, Marvel makes wonders. Instead of bringing a new face for Antman, Peyton Reed brings out a Paul Rudd that we have never seen before. Though the movie is quite independent, there are some connections to The Avengers franchise as well. So you might miss few things if you haven't seen The Avengers or any of other Marvel Universe movies. Though the script has nothing much to offer, apart from the experiments gone wrong, conflict of evil and good scientists, broke leading character etc, it is the CGI and the camera effects make this movie special. As everyone knows the concept of Antman is very heavily dependent on size and hence the makers have to be very careful about switching the camera angles and the CGI and they have got it just right. As always the tongue in cheek humor of Marvel franchise, is continued here as well. Michael Pena has you in splits. Though Michael Douglas' role is stereotypical, it is adjustable. Evangeline Lilly and Corey Stoll are apt, but it is Paul Rudd who drives this vehicle smoothly. He doesn't try too hard. You almost feel like Paul Rudd has done many roles like this.Be sure not to miss the Post Credit scenes. I know Marvel fans are not going to miss this movie. If you are not following the Marvel Universe yet, as Nick Fury says "Its about damn time".
평점: 10	리뷰: Ant-Man hits all the right notes. This is one of my favorite things about the MCU, they match the character to the genre. They're not trying to force them all into the same mold, which makes things more interesting when different characters come together. Iron Man - High tech action, Cap - WWII & Political Thriller Thor - High Fantasy, Guardians - Space Opera and now Ant-Man - Caper flick with an intimate family subplot.For readers of the Scott Lang incarnation of Ant-Man, Paul Rudd brings him to life perfectly. He's just extremely likable as a regular guy thrust into extraordinary circumstances. As Ant-Man the film explores the full range of his powers with a great deal of imagination. Michael Douglas' Hank Pym is pretty much what I'd expect an aged Hank to be like. The parallel father/daughter relationship stories are very touching. Michael Pena is just hilarious, and you can tell Edgar Wright wrote most of this.There are quite a few easter eggs for comic readers, and some hints of things to come. There are also some nice cameos and well drawn connections to the larger MCU.It runs just under two hours and has two post credit scenes, both of which are awesome.I saw it in IMAX 3D, and it was a very good conversion. The visual effects are just jaw dropping, including some genuinely fine work by the crew that did Chris Evans' pre-transformation look in Captain America:The First Avenger.I really, really enjoyed this and I'm already looking forward to my second viewing.
평점: 8	리뷰: I saw "Ant-Man", starring Paul Rudd-The Anchorman movies, Halloween:The Curse of Michael Myers; Michael Douglas-Last Vegas, Haywire; Evangeline Lilly-Lost_tv, Freddy vs. Jason; Corey Stoll-The Strain_tv, Salt and Michael Pena-Fury, Million Dollar Baby.This is the newest super hero movie in the Marvel line of movies-and it is connected to them-and like most movie adaptations, there are a few minor changes from the comics. In the comics, Ant-Man was an original Avenger; one of 4, including the Hulk, Iron Man and Thor. Captain America did not even show up until issue #4. Michael D plays Hank Pym, the original Ant-Man and is shown in 1987 as a younger looking man-I guess they used CGI because he looks good-that invents his Pym Particles, a serum that can shrink and enlarge things, and oh yeah, he can communicate with ants with his helmet. Corey is his associate that has other ideas for the Pym Particles-he wants to sell it to the military, to make invincible soldiers. Of course, Michael D refuses and goes into retirement, taking the formula with him. Flash forward to the present, Paul-Scott Lang-plays a man getting out of prison for committing burglary, who just wants to go straight and reconnect with his young daughter. Problem is that no one likes to hire an ex-con, so he can not get a good job to pay child support to see his daughter-his wife insists that he needs to pay her to see his daughter. Michael P is Paul's best buddy and helps him out with a place to stay. Over the years, Corey has been working on perfecting the Pym serum with bad results, and Evangeline-Michael D's daughter-has been keeping an eye on Corey and reporting back to her dad. When Corey starts getting close to getting it right, Michael decides to enlist Paul as the new Ant-Man and put a stop to it. There is a lot of humor through out the movie, mostly thanks to Paul. There is a super hero fight with Ant-Man and an Avenger before the climatic battle of Ant-Man against Corey in his villainous Yellowjacket persona, near the end. Stan Lee makes his usual cameo and there are two scenes at the end; the first one is just as the end credits start and the second one is at the very end, after the end credits and it has two Avengers and Bucky in it, leading up to the next Captain America movie. It's rated "PG-13" for the violence and has a running time of 1 hour & 57 minutes. I really liked it and would buy it on Blu-Ray.
평점: 9	리뷰: I would not say this lightly: this film easily rivals Captain America: The Winter Soldier in the Marvel Cinematic Universe in terms of quality and fun.I can't, however, say that they are equal because they are opposite ends of the spectrum. The Winter Soldier is a very serious action film with a little bit of wit and humor thrown in to break things up. Ant-Man is a very witty and fun film with a little action thrown in to justify it being called a superhero film.The story revolves around Scott Lang, an expert cat burglar just released from prison struggling to regain his place in his daughter's life. Dire circumstances and a little unseen intervention forces Lang into meeting Dr. Hank Pym, who in the late 1960s discovered the Pym particle, a particle that decreased the distance between atoms, and was the original Ant-Man. Now older and unable to use the suit, Dr. Pym prepares Lang to step into his suit at the cusp of a dire situation.This film has just enough Avengers tie-ins to firmly establish it as a piece of the MCU, but it also stands apart. We as an audience has gotten used to the same three (or four) characters interacting in the same universe after having their own origin films. We've forgotten how to react when a new character of equal stature is introduced.This film is carried by the stellar performance of Paul Rudd as Lang as well as a great supporting cast, especially Michael Douglas's Hank Pym. However, the main villain, Darren Cross, seems a bit shallow in his performance and even the climactic battle lacks a sense of large stakes. Rather, the entire last part of the film seems to just happen with no real emotional investment. It just, is.Nevertheless, Rudd's Ant-Man is a great summer blockbuster sure to rake in millions for Marvel and Disney and it cements itself as a firm anchor for Phase 3 of the MCU to expand. Can't wait for Captain America: Civil War and Thor: Ragnarok!
평점: 7	리뷰: Now I know Antman is an original Marvel comic, but I really believe that when it comes to the movie it must be inspired a bit by the highly successful Telugu, Tamil and Hindi Bi- Lingual film Eega,but thats a discussion for another day. Antman as a stand alone film, when being compared to some other superhero ultra budget high tech films like Avengers, Captain America etc is a rather smaller film in scale but Antman does impress.Though like many other super hero films Antman also has staple story of good vs bad, and most of the film you can predict miles away,but the films innovative action and comedy make it a very entertaining watch. Watching the Antman fight people much larger, is as fun and innovate as you could think. Director Peyton Reed pulls out all stops to make the proceeding very entertaining. The climax deserves extra marks for being full of great action and comedy at the same time.Acting wise Paul Rudd surprises big time, as the Antman as he suits the role and excels. I mean a very mediocre actor at best has probably got the role of a life time.Overall Antman exceeded my expectations as i wasn't excepting much but i actually enjoyed this more than the last avengers, now if only the story was more novel.3.5/5* or 7/10
평점: 8	리뷰: This is the latest super hero in the marvel cinematic universe. It stars Paul Rudd, Michael Douglas, Evangeline Lily, T.I, Michael Pena. Ant-Man," the comics-based superhero movie that's centered around one of the more arguably goofy Marvel Comics characters,and achieves its particular magic by keeping its proceedings almost as weightless as its shrunken-down hero. The foundation of the films success is its spot on casting. Paul Rudd is flawless, his character delivers laughs, but remains classy, or gritty when needed. Michael Douglas does a wonderful job, and so does Evangeline Lily. But Michael Pena steals the show. He delivers laughs upon laughs, and delivered the laughs in a timely manor.Just Like all Marvel movies, the movie has jaw dropping effects and action sequences. But don't go over the top, like many other marvel films. In a world in which comic book movie plots have become increasingly complex and reliant on an enormous amount of pre-existing knowledge, this script is refreshingly straightforward and clear.The movie is fun and simple, and it knows it. It doesn't try to out do itself. Ant man is an action comedy, but doesn't stick to one genre more then the other. The action and the special effects are incredible, and the jokes all hit there mark. I had more fun watching this movie than any other movie since Kingsman. And hopefully we will see more of Ant Man in years to come.
평점: 9	리뷰: I'm going to keep this as spoiler free as possible because if you are a fan of Ant-Man or Marvel Comics in general then you need to add Ant- Man to your list of movies to see in the theater. Just goes to show that with the right talents anything can be possible. Marvel Studios once again brings another winner to movie fans because this movie is full all you would want in a motion picture and then some. Also you'll find yourself giving this movie a round of applause which is exactly what everyone in the theater did.Ant-Man tells the story of Scott Lang (Paul Rudd) who just been release from prison and looking to regain his trust again with his ex Maggie Lang (Judy Greer) and their daughter Cassie Lang (Abby Ryder Fortson) Things only getting wilder when his friend Luis (Michael Peña) offer him to take part in a heist with help from Kurt (David Dastalchian) and Dave (T.I.) This leads him to a meeting with Dr.Hank Pym (Michael Douglas) and his daughter Hope van Dyne (Evangeline Lilly) where he gets the chance to become the Ant-Man a superhero who can shrink to the size of a ant with special powers. The movie main antagonist is Darren Cross/Yellowjacket (Corey Stoll) the Marvel Cinematic Universe has been on a roll and Ant-Man is no different. Again the film features all you could ask for in a movie: Comedy, Action, Cool Effects and talented performances. The comedy in this film hits off right at the start and it goes on on and on there were times when the theater roar into laughter because they did the comedy very clever to make it not forced but actually funny smart humor went into the movie and it gives the movie goers a real good time. The effects are very impressive and you can't help but be amazed by the effects and what makes Ant-Man work is that they balance them out very wellThe action scenes are awesome and very creative use of stunts and well thought out fightsThe cast did a very good job with the performances of their characters some you can feel for it gives you that connection of you can relate to those characters which not offer times you will see in movies often and the cast really did that good of a jobThe story does a very good job to hold your interesting through out while It is good to have knowledge on the history Ant-Man and the characters I have some history of the character but I went into this movie to find some good entertainment and Marvel deserves a medal for making Ant-Man one of their best films.Is Ant-Man worth the price of a movie ticket to put my answer in one word: YES. Marvel just shows that anything is possible and the best thing do indeed come in small packagesTrust me if you love movies you'll love this one and you should put this on your list of movies to see in theaters it is very good entertainment and you won't be disappointed at all that you saw this movie.With cool action, great humor, very good effects and talented performances from the cast you can't go wrong with Ant-Man trust me it is worth seeing I give Ant-Man an 9 out of 10
평점: 10	리뷰: Professor Hank Pym developed a world changing technology back in the 80s, a formula that could alter the molecules of a human being in order to make him the size of an insect, but after a personal tragedy and the greediness of a government agency he chose to hide his secrets. Until a former protégé discovers them and tries to sell them to the highest bidder.Pym recruits a professional thief, Scott Lang to steal the formula from the wrong hands, while entrusting him with his powerful suit that could alter warfare.It is an extremely entertaining and fun movie, but beyond that it explores family relations from different angles, beyond the VFX and jokes, there are true emotional parts to this story.The performances were superb, from Michael Douglas to Paul Rudd, to Corey Stoll who delivered one of the best villains of this era.I highly recommend it.
평점: 10	리뷰: I'm a die-hard fan of the Marvel Cinematic Universe and, so far, they are keeping me that way by constantly releasing incredibly entertaining films."Ant-Man" was a big risk for the studio due to the fact the hero is pretty obscure for the general population and the fact that his abilities might be a little silly to them. However, like the chance they took with "Guardians of the Galaxy," Marvel proved they know what they are doing and got the right people involved to get the project to be a success. The effects are incredible and really show a sense of scale, the cast is fantastic and it's awesome to see Paul Rudd be a superhero in a Marvel film, and the story is filled with excellent themes and outstanding comedy. My only complaint was the fact that I found Corey Stoll's performance to be a little cheesy and some of the smaller sized action was hard to focus on because it was so incredibly fast and hectic. However, these complaints aside, I had a lot of fun with Marvel's heist/superhero film and continue to be an insanely dedicated fan to their MCU.Hello, potential new best friend! The name is Rev. Ron and if you have a desire to read more of my thoughts and experiences with films (like more on "Ant-Man" and other comic book adapted features) you can visit my blog at RevRonMovies.BlogSpot.com. If you don't, that's okay.
평점: 10	리뷰: guys,if you haven't seen the movie then you have too....its one of the badass and humouress movies from MCU. i had very much lesser expectations about the movie but watching it man i got to bow the head for our superhero antman,he is really cool and story was cool and yellowjacket,yep the villain is a perfect fit for the movie............and speaking about the cast paul was very well actual to the character he himself......thankyou MCU for this blockbuster ANTMAN( another milestone from you guys......)keep doing it guys...........As for myself, I found myself grinning a bit at the final promise "Ant-Man Will Return."
평점: 5	리뷰: Any movie adaptation intended to reach and entertain a wide audience, especially a movie adapted form a comic book series, needs to be able to stand on its own merits, and "Ant-Man" (PG-13, 1:57) does that. Still, a little background and perspective wouldn't hurt and that's what the first part of my reviews are for, so let's see if I can give you a little context for this movie before I set up its story.The "Ant-Man" character first appeared in a January 1962 comic and was one of the five original "Avengers", but is only the fourth of them to get a solo film. (We've been watching Hulk, Iron Man and Thor movies for years and 2015 brings Ant-Man to the big screen, but there's no movie being planned for the character known as the Wasp.) "Ant-Man" is the sixth and final film in Phase Two of the Marvel Cinematic Universe (MCU), with a new Captain America movie kicking off Phase Three in May 2016. "Ant-Man" ties in with the MCU, but is meant to be more of a stand-alone film.Wow. That only barely scratched the surface, but it's now time to talk more specifically about this film.In the comics and in the film, Ant-Man is not about one person, but a series of people who wear the costume. Michael Douglas plays Hank Pym, the first Ant-Man, and the inventor of the so-called Pym Particle, which allows the wearer of his suit to shrink to the size of an insect by shrinking the space between molecules and using the resulting density to possess a strength very much out of proportion to his size. We see Pym resign from the espionage agency S.H.I.E.L.D. when he discovers that their scientists are trying to replicate and militarize his formula, which he has come to believe presents more danger than benefit.About 25 years later, Pym's protégé, Darren Cross (Corey Stoll), working with Pym's estranged daughter, Hope van Dyne (Evangeline Lilly), is about to successfully recreate Pym's formula and Pym feels that he knows just the guy to help him prevent this. Pym tricks a very talented convicted burglar named Scott Lang (Paul Rudd) into trying out the Ant-Man suit and convinces Lang to become the Ant-Man and help permanently derail Cross' plans. Pym explains that Lang's efforts will help him see more of his young daughter (Abby Ryder Fortson), whose mother (Judy Greer) and new husband (Bobby Cannavale) don't want him around until he gets back on his feet and becomes a more trustworthy father.Lang soon finds out that being effective as the Ant-Man involves a lot more than just donning a special suit, pressing a button and becoming really, really small. He has to learn to fight better than he had to in prison, he has to learn how to fully harness the power of the suit and he has to learn how to communicate with different kinds of ants, which he can then use to help him get around and accomplish certain tasks. All this requires a lot of training and practice, as well as a little help from Lang's shady friends (played by Michael Peña, David Dastmalchian and T.I.) And, of course, someone as greedy, power-hungry and unscrupulous as Darren Cross isn't going to take all this lying down. It's safe to assume that he has a few tricks up his well-tailored sleeves.I can't say much more without giving away significant plot points, but I do want to offer a few points of interest which may seem random, but which at least MCU fans will appreciate. The first scene includes characters that have appeared in other MCU films, with both aging make-up and CGI de-aging of various actors for the sake of continuity. One of the Avengers makes what you might call a guest appearance in the middle of the movie and again late in the movie. Don't stress yourself out throughout the movie looking for the traditional MCU Stan Lee cameo because it comes very late in the film. Lastly, there are two short additional scenes, one mid-credits and one post-credits, which set up possible future story lines for the characters in this movie."Ant-Man" is different from other MCU movies, but not for the better. The CGI during the shrinking scenes is very good, but not the best that MCU has shown us in the other films and, because of the nature of the story, there's less of a need for the more spectacular visual effects to which MCU fans have become accustomed. This allows more focus on the story and character development, but the lackluster script still fails to create adequate tension or make us care much for the characters. "Ant-Man" gets points for originality and good pacing, but is relatively unimpressive. "B-"
평점: 9	리뷰: I know that, for many Marvel fans, the Avengers movies are the pinnacle of the MCU. Yet I find them over-wrought and, subsequently, lacking in both focus and viewer involvement. For me, they are, largely, unsatisfying.Ant-Man, if you will excuse the obvious pun, succeeds because of its scale. It's not trying to be a world-shattering blockbuster and, instead, depends heavily on character development. in that, it shares much with the first Iron Man (in my opinion, the best film of the entire Marvel universe). With a single thread, it mixes humor, family, the struggle to do right in a world where doing wrong is always a temptation and a simple plot together in a very compelling package. The dialog is snappy, the sidekicks are charming, the villain actually has a bit of depth and the lead actors are all very well cast. The effects serve to support the story rather than become it. Finally, the main plot theme (to prevent the spread of the technology) almost seems to me to be a correction of the mess that Marvel has made of Iron Man, namely that anyone can put on an Iron Man suit, thereby diluting the unique nature thereof.
평점: 8	리뷰: Overall this is one probably one of the best films of the year so far. Ant-man is a refreshing look on the avengers and has a new interesting tone that we have not seen before in a marvel film with the plot revolving around a heist to stop Darren Cross (Corey Stoll) from releasing his interpretation of Hank Pyms (Michael Douglas) ant-man. Scott Lang (Paul Rudd) is recruited to be the new ant-man as Pym cannot continue being the hero following a tragic incident with his late wife forced him to stop. Michael Peña shines as one of Scott's friends who helps with the heist. Evangeline Lilly is a disappointment but has the potential to be a lot better after getting with Lang at the end and becoming the wasp. This heartwarming take on the comic (which I also love) is a nice take on the aftermath of the events on age of ultron. The only criticism I have is yellow-jacket as he is a very generic villain who resembles the first Iron mans villain and does not have much back-story and is not particularly threatening. The main thing I love about this film is the references: when talking about other superheroes they reference Spider-Man, when Lang says that they should call the avengers Hank Pym replies with no they'll just send a city into the sky and Antman has a fantastic fight with Falcon (Anthony Mackie) who also shows up looking for Scott at other points and is in the post-credit scene. This is a fantastic film and I think is better than age of ultron because it is something so fresh and not just more of the same. It is a bit like Guardians of the Galaxy (2014) in a way but is still an amazing take on one of the first avengers. I would recommend this film 100%
평점: 10	리뷰: This is my very first review EVER. So here's my take on it.I seen many good and bad reviews on this movie. I read some of them before I went. I took a chance and glad I did. Paul Rudd (YOU ROCK!) and cast did an excellent job. Many parts of the movie the audience and my family and I where laughing our butts off. It's a great movie with AWESOME graphics. I highly recommend going to see it but keep in mind, each of us are different. People will either hate the movie or love it. That also includes people will either hate or love the newest superhero, Ant-Man. You decide. I and my family, of six, saw this movie in 3D and it was AWESOME!! I highly recommend watching it in 3D. It brings the movie more to "life" so to speak. The 3 dimensional look is much better than the standard movies, IMO. It does start off slow but people have to remember, this is the first movie to many more interacting movies of the Marvel franchise. (I'm sure he'll be wrote in somewhere.) The writers have to start the story from the beginning so we know how Ant-Man became Ant-Man. The same happened for Captain America, Thor, Iron Man and many others. All of these superhero's had their "introduction" movies as well. Most of the "introduction" movies are slow to start and/or boring. It's best to go in with no expectations, as we did and just enjoy the movie.My kids loved it! Hearing them laughing, saying how much they loved it with excitement. All they talked about today, was the Ant-Man. Telling us to be careful where we step, if we went outside. To my husband and I, it was money well spent. We all had a great time. Scott Lang name had been mentioned in a couple of the past Marvel movies.(I found out from a Google search on the mentions) I really LOVE the character and the newest hero to the Marvel franchise. At least we know who he is and I look forward to seeing more of the Ant-Man.
평점: 8	리뷰: Marvel does it again with Ant-Man! I was a little skeptical going into ant-man, considering the directors changed around and the fact that the trailers weren't overly exciting. This movie blew my expectations out of the water. This movie was so awesome. The action scenes and CGI was brilliant. It all looked seamless. When Ant-Man is running along with all the Ants, it's super fun to watch. Paul Rudd as the hero was a perfect choice. His humour can be seen in this movie also. Michael Douglas and Evangeline lily were an amazing father and daughter in this movie. (Hank Pym and Hope Van Dyne). The villain character was also developed deeply enough to understand his motivations. He wasn't just a typical villain. The way this movie links to marvel universe was awesomely done. Nothing felt forced, everything felt natural. The script and dialogue is also very good, sharp and witty. I had a blast with ant-man!
평점: 8	리뷰: I love pretty much all the Marvel films, except Iron Man 2, which is awful. They often involve big action set pieces, but Ant-Man is a little different. The action is toned down, and the film is much more character driven, and the movie reaps rewards from this. The characters are brilliantly written and they spark off each other and create chemistry between themselves. This is achieved by a fantastic and quirky script, which Ant-Man benefits from.Michael Douglas is puts in a solid performance along with Paul Rudd and all the other cast. The acting is very solid throughout the film, and Michael Pena's character is a brilliant and well-written part to the film. Ant-Man has moments of brilliant comedy, which mean the film's 2 hour run time just fly by, the film feels effortless in it's cleverness. Now, to the action scenes. They are few, but when they do come, they are eccentric and feel different in the way they are shot/edited from other films. When Ant-Men shrinks, the difference in scale feels real and this is vital to the film's success and is what provides the action with a different feel.The problem I had with Ant-Man was it lacked a killer punch in the finale. Even though the final act is good, I feel it lacked a moment to make you go "WOW!!", and you usually get these moments in Marvel films. I also felt that some strands of the storyline were not followed up on in the film's conclusion, but maybe they will be addressed in later Ant-Man films, as I presume there will be a sequel.Overall, Ant-Man is a great addition to the Marvel cinematic universe, and it's eccentric and has a lot to enjoy. It's got it's niggles, but it's great fun and Ant-Man will be a brilliant edition to future Avengers films.
평점: 8	리뷰: Ant-man is a comedy action hybrid. The subject matter is not promising but it actually delivers a thoroughly captivating experience. Everything about this film is enjoyable: from the humour to Paul Rudd's portrayal of Scott Lang kicking butt! The movie reworks Ant-man's origin slightly, but not so much that people's dreams are destroyed. The story of the film is extremely entertaining taking aspects of the story from Iron Man. This is not something that hindered the movie however, as the performances of Paul Rudd, Michael Douglas and Evangeline Lilly are highly absorbing. The screen presence of each actor really breathes life into each of the characters. Corey Stoll's portrayal of Darren Cross is interesting, although compared to the rest of the acting it is somewhat forgettable. Special effects are very good, and the minimizing scenes are convincing. There are many nods to other franchises throughout the film, and I have no doubt that Ant- Man will be starring alongside the Avengers soon. Overall, I would rate Ant-Man 8 out of 10 because the story is well told, the action enthralling and the characters are charming.
평점: 9	리뷰: An amazing story that makes the future of Marvel heroes so bright. The transfer of Ant-Man from Dr. Pym to the new guy is perfect - and I'm talking the details also. The past and present are woven again can't stress the detailing is amazing. Oh, before I forget: I saw people leaving the theater I have to remind people - STAY Until THE CLEANING CREW TELLS YOU TO LEAVE!! Goodness why people leave a Marvel movie early is so weird! You may suffer - but look at your phone - just do not leave....Well the movies story is amazing. Can't remember any swearing - no nudity of course, no drugs or alcohol....An amazing family movie I hope you also enjoy it as much as I did!
평점: 7	리뷰: The end of phase 2 of the Marvel Cinematic Universe comes in a form smaller than to be expected. After the over the top hype of Avengers: Age of Ultron, the film series takes a nice, somewhat calmer change of pace with Ant-Man. It branches off from Marvel proper to create less of a superhero action blockbuster and more of a heist comedy with superheroics in it.Ant-Man is somehow both epic and mundane at the same time. It's first act is slow, but building, introducing the audience to characters and their backgrounds before they actually meet each other to get the fun started. In some ways, this is more of an actor's film than we've seen from the series, and even manages to fit serious beats into a mostly comedic movie. Michael Douglas is heartwarming, Corey Stoll is fantastic and Evangeline Lilly's Hope might actually be the most compelling female character to come out of the MCU yet. THIS is how you do a badass business woman with a bob correctly. I look forward to seeing where she goes in the future of the franchise.Of course Ant-Man is also great at ruining those serious moments because the film doesn't take itself too seriously to begin with, which is actually a smart way to get the audience into such an outlandish idea. Paul Rudd has been perfectly cast, balancing the line of silly and sympathetic. It's interesting to note that in addition to having a strong female character, this is probably the most diverse cast in a Marvel film, excluding the many fictional races in a Guardians of the Galaxy. At first this seems great! But then again, this is a heist movie, so it seems unfortunate that diversity really comes in when criminal activity is involved. That being said, this supporting cast is great too, with many funny moments.Ant-Man is absurd on a level that it should only work in animation where anything can happen, but it's pulled off believably well for live-action. It also feels like a video game, complete with boss levels that need strategic timing to defeat. Once we get into the theatrics that we expect from a Marvel movie, they're still very minuscule and mundane in the grand scheme of things, but they are also bold, beautifully excessive and stunning. When big action scenes take place inside of a bathtub or something as small as a suitcase, you know you're in for something different.Many complained that Ant-Man wasn't included in the original Avengers movie, as the character plays a major part on the team in the comics. But after seeing his introduction into the MCU, it's completely understandable why they would want to save a smaller film like this for after they've well established their universe. Ant-Man is a different kind of dynamic, though still very wondrous. It's not the big action that you've come to expect from Marvel, but that's kind of the point: to be small, and to be enjoyable as just that. Size doesn't matter, it's all in how you use what you got.
평점: 6	리뷰: Another Marvel Studios movie has arrived to us with a promise as daring as Guardians of the Galaxy was the previous year; Ant-Man. From the very first moment of the movie you can sense the intense speed you'll be submerged into. And this could be the main reason for which I couldn't care that much for the characters, because I actually didn't care about them. In fact, the development of the characters is very simple and basic, it was all just so expected. The presence of comedy in many scenes made the movie go a little flat and because of it I had trouble finding whether the characters were in real danger of if I should just relax as the scene would put them in another comedy moment. I actually got to the movies expecting an intense live-action movie with great visual effects; I believe I only got the second of these, plus a relaxing --and very effective, though-- comedy and middle- action movie. Although, I did have a lot of fun watching this movie, and I'm pretty sure it's going to do great. Watch this movie a Wednesday at 7 pm or a Saturday at 2 pm; they're easy hours for an easy-to-watch movie.
평점: 7	리뷰: Whilst he had to wait for all the Super Soldiers and aggressive raccoons to have their movies, it's finally Ant-mans chance to make it to the big screen. And in spite of the unfortunate departure of Edgar Wright along with a short production time, Ant-man is still able to continue the style and quality of the Marvel cinematic universe. Scott Lang (Paul Rudd) is a con-man and master thief who has recently been released from prison. Impressed by his skills, Dr. Hank Pym (Michael Douglas) recruits him to become the next Ant-man. He needs him to pull off a heist to retrieve the Yellowjacket suit, a costume with the same abilities of the Ant-man costume, being developed by Daren Cross (Corey Stroll) who intends to sell it to villainous corporations such as Hydra. Motivated by his desire to see his daughter again, Scott accepts his second chance in life and sets out to carry out the heist. Whilst they try to raise the stakes at points (Pym reminds us every so often of how the Yellowjacket suit could change the world as we know it) the real charm of the film is in how low-key it is compared to the rest of the Marvel films. It's not some epic battle where the fate of humanity is at stake. Instead it's just a cool heist movie and a nice change of pace from the usual large scale tone used in most Marvel movies. This low key style leaves a lot more focus on the characters to keep the film entertaining and fortunately the actors were up to the task. Paul Rudd is a great addition to the Marvel Superhero roster by being cool, likable and grounding Scott as a human character through bringing the same comedic skill that we loved in films like the 40 Year Old Virgin (albeit with less "You know how I know you're gay" jokes). Douglas is also memorable as his mentor and the original Ant Man, being an interesting take on a retired superhero. Instead of just being old and brooding, he still has the same courage and wit he had in his prime. Plus we get a few cool flashback scenes seeing a younger Michael Douglas (made with very convincing CGI) working as the original Ant- man in his prime, which looked so cool that it made me eager to see Pym get his own movie at some point.Whilst Yellowjacket did seem to follow all the weak Marvel tropes for villains (rushed back-story, lack of screen time etc.) he was still surprisingly entertaining in the film. Largely because of Corey Stoll who not only gives a great menacing presence, but also plays it so over the top that he brings charm to an otherwise charmless character. The only weak character was Bobby Cannavale as Scott's ex-wives new douchey boyfriend. Mostly because the douchey boyfriend character is one of the most worn out clichés in cinema and didn't seem to have any real purpose in the film other than weak comedy relief. Plus it seems a shame that the film spends so much time with him whilst we hardly get any scenes with his wife and daughter (Judy Greer and Abby Fortson respectively) who are far more important to the story and should have had more screen time. It's especially disappointing Fortson didn't get more screen time since the few scenes she was in were amongst the funniest moments in the film. However the centrepiece of this film is the action sequences, which contain the most creative fight scenes that Disney's Marvel have had in a while. The size shifting dynamic added a whole new element to the fight scenes visually, taking the usual destruction of a standard blockbuster and placing it inside a children's bedroom. Plus the scenes feel like they have Edgar Wright's fingerprints all over it having clever wordplay and great visual gags making the fights hilarious. Though that's not to say that the fight scenes are flawless. At times their decisions to have the battles be created entirely with CGI are fairly distracting as most of the backgrounds are blurred out in the miniature scenes. It never ruins the fights, but it can be distracting. And it would have looked a lot better if they had been more creative for some of the sequences and used actual sets for some of the miniature shots. But at the end of the film the lingering thought did remain, would Edgar White's Ant-man had been better? Maybe it would have been more visually creative. Or maybe it much of Wright was still in the film and it wouldn't be much different. But ignoring what it could have been, the films still great at what it does. It packs in the laughs, has likable characters and does a decent origin story. However other than the fight sequences, there's nothing substantially different here that we haven't already seen from other superhero films.
평점: 10	리뷰: Ant-Man (2015) Movie ReviewStars: Paul Rudd, Michael Douglas, Evangeline Lilly, Corey Stoll, and Michael Pena.Written by: Edgar Wright, Joe Cornish, Adam McKay, and Paul RuddFirst of all, I didn't want to see this movie. I thought it would be a failed attempt at a super hero movie like Green Lantern (2010). However, I was pleasantly surprised. Paul Rudd gave a great performance as Scott Lang/Ant-Man. He reminded me of mix of Robert Downey Jr's Tony Stark and Chris Pratt's Star Lord characters, but Rudd was also something new that worked well for the Marvel Cinematic Universe (MCU). I was expecting some good comedy from this movie especially since Adam Mckay (Anchorman, The Other Guys) was on the writing team. The comedy in this movie was great and gave the movie a humorous side. However, I do think that the villain (Corey Stoll) was a little bit underdeveloped. I really hope to see more Ant-Man and I would be happy to see an Ant-Man 2. Overall Grade: A-
평점: 8	리뷰: With exception to The Avengers and the Spiderman movies with Toby Maguire, I'm really not into superhero or comic book movies. It's not that they're bad, but they just don't fulfill what I like going to the movies for - I'd much rather a drama, or a psychological thriller. So, it was with weariness that I approached Ant-Man.My weariness was misplaced. Ant-Man, with the new Mad Max and Spy, will probably be my favourite film of Summer 2015's blockbuster movies. Why? Quite simply, this movie it too big-hearted and jovial to dislike. The story is typical superhero fare, but it revels in the silliness of it all. Its premise is similarly nuts, but instead of trying to take it all seriously it uses this to its advantage, creating some of the most visually inventive sequences I've seen in a long time at the movies. Part of what makes it such a refreshing ride is Paul Rudd - the perfect choice to play the titular character. He has a charm and charisma that suits the personality of the character, but still tackles the more dramatic moments sensitively and maturely. His comic timing is also pitch perfect - snappy one-liners that might have seemed cheesy coming from anyone else seem perfectly at home here. Michael Douglas is also on top form, looking like he's having great fun playing a much lighter version of similar characters he's played down through the years.Most of the praise can probably be attributed to the screenplay, though. Wisely, not too much time is spent giving these characters any deep and meaningful back-stories (they give us just enough to care about the characters) and instead they focus on the snappy humour and some pretty dazzling set-pieces. The best moments come when they combine these two elements - there's a sequence towards the end that manages to be both extremely funny, and visually spectacular (it involves a train, and that's all I'll say). My only small critique of the movie is that several characters are relegated to the sidelines when there were opportunities for them to do more - I'd love to have seen the brilliant Judy Greer given more to do, or more dialogue given to Michael Peña. Maybe next time.It's hard to judge Ant-Man against the likes of The Avengers, because in almost every way it's a different movie - looser, less serious, and more scaled down (the pun not intended - the action here is far less frantic or high-stakes). What it does amount to though is the best action-comedy of 2015 so far, and if that isn't a ringing recommendation I don't know what is.
평점: 10	리뷰: When looking at the title for Ant-Man, one would think of this as being a forced comic book adaptation that Marvel is trying to crack open. Boy, would they be wrong, however. Ant-Man reaches audiences of all ages, with its witty dialogue and added elements of comedy. Paul Rudd was the perfect choice for Scott Lang/Ant-Man. He displays a personal effect on many, because he truly cares about his daughter and proves the many layers that his acting ability can show. The rest of the cast was also perfectly cast. There wasn't a single cast member that was miscast. Corey Stoll is the right type of antagonist for this style of movie. Michael Douglas as Dr. Hank Pym added mentor ship in his role, and doesn't disappoint. The supporting cast of Michael Pena and Rapper T.I. make this superhero heist flick even more original and fresh, as they steal the scenes that they are in. Overall, Ant-Man doesn't try too hard to impress, and it shows, as it surpasses the big action sequences of a movie like The Avengers: Age of Ultron. It proves that you don't need all of that, if you have a perfect cast, lined up with a fresh and exciting idea. Marvel's best of the year. Go see it in 3D as well. It'll only enhance the visual experience in this one.
평점: 9	리뷰: Marvel has done it again! After what I first considered a lackluster performance with "Avengers: Age of Ultron" a couple of months ago (that film does get better with a second viewing), Marvel has bounced back well with "Ant-Man".A few brief quips about the way this film came together: historically, Ant-Man and his partner the Wasp are original founding members of the Avengers. Indeed, Ant-Man is one of the first superheroes of the Marvel Silver Age of comics in the early 1960's. What's more, the first Ant-Man is always Hank Pym, who plays a much larger role in the Marvel comics universe than he has in the MCU. Pym (played by Michael Douglas in the movie) is actually the creator of Ultron in the comics, which was completely redone for the MCU this summer, an oddity considering that it would have been easy to weave Pym into "Age of Ultron" some way.The point is that this movie doesn't exactly follow its source material very well. And yet, it is told in a way that incorporates the source material such that it treats the comics with respect even if a new tale is being told here.That said, the film itself is Astonishing! Marvel has taken one of its lesser known, B-role characters and established him as a strong independent hero. The story revolves around Michael Douglas as Hank Pym, who we learn had been an Ant-Man a generation ago, recruiting a new protégé, Scott Lang (Paul Rudd) to take his place. The story is an origin tale of both Pym and Lang, combined, and introduces other characters in a way that the Ant-Man series stands on its own apart from the rest of the MCU.Having mentioned that, it was actually quite refreshing to see an MCU movie where there wasn't an extraordinary amount of overlap with characters from ongoing series. There is no setup for an Infinity War series here, and very little in terms of characters from other films at all (some Shield stuff in the beginning and a brief but fun scene with the Falcon being the exceptions).The effects in this movie are terrific. It's literally like making a superhero movie out of "Honey, I Shrunk the Kids!". I went in a bit skeptical, even though I like Ant-Man as a character, but the film completely won me over. It has strong, good, well paced story telling (the lack of which was my main beef with "Age of Ultron"). The acting is good, the plot is good, everything rocks.The only thing keeping me from giving this film a perfect ten is that in spite of how good it is, and it is good, it just felt a little bit off compared to a perfect ten. Actually, that's not true. It's not that it "felt off". It didn't--it far exceeded my expectations. But when I think about a perfect ten movie, I think of a great epic, something that is a film that makes a stunning contribution to film or its genre. I think Ant-Man falls just short of that. "Ant-Man" is a superb Marvel film that makes a great addition to the stable of MCU films, but it's not up there with a "Godfather" or a "Star Wars". It's enjoyable as all get out, but it isn't groundbreaking in the way a perfect ten is. And that's why I've gone with nine stars.That said, I'd highly recommend this film. There are a couple of bad words in the film, including the "S" word a few times, so bear that in mind if you're taking the kids, but aside from that this is a movie that young and old should find enjoyable and entertaining. Well done Marvel, well done!
평점: 8	리뷰: Marvel has entered its third wave and the intended schedule shows a lot of "origin" stories in the works. When it comes to these starter films, Marvel has been hit or miss, in my opininon, and sometimes can leave you a bit disappointed. This weekend we got Ant- Man in the works, a tale I didn't have much hope for in terms of quality Marvel movies. However, could there be surprises in store that will make this enjoyable, you never know. Hi I'm Robbie K and this is another Robbie Review. When you hear the name Ant-Man you might just laugh at the lame title he holds. I mean how can someone like that be a real threat? Well don't count him out yet, as those of the lore know that big things do indeed come in small packages. Ant-Man surprisingly has quite an array of powers, the classic one being shrinking to the size of an ant to infiltrate whatever fortress he is assigned. Yet by reaching this size he obtains heightened speed, strength, and agility that when combined with a training montage led by Evangeline Lilly leads to a top notch weapon. The pint sized hero also gains the technology to communicate with ants, and use their versatile nature in his assignments, which again might sound like a wimpy power but holds incredible potential. This leads me to my favorite part of this movie: the action. Director Peyton Reed has coordinated his team to make an exciting film that has plenty of fast paced, punch throwing moments that will have you wheeling in delight. Ant- man's action starts with a comedic training sequence to warm you up, but then cascades into some big stunts filled with numerous shots of Paul Rudd disappearing and reappearing in front of his opponent. Sure this gets stale, but fortunately they mix things up as the camera dives into artificial scenes of war, which are often simple areas like carpeted floors and grass but from an ant's perspective. And speaking of ants, the team brought a great dynamic with the ants, establish a foot soldier motif with them and having them coordinate strikes. I felt like I was back in Star Wars again as flying ants led ground troops into the heart of danger, often with accompanying laser sounds to add more galactic atmosphere to it. All of the graphics involved with this are impressive, solid movement, good definition, and some bright special effects as well. Overall the action is decent. The big factor that most are going to enjoy I feel is the comedy. Ant-Man does a great job of relieving the stress with multiple comedic moments that range from situational slapstick to well timed quips. Paul Rudd leads the comedy with his acting, managing to bring his typical self into the part and leave you chuckling. The writing is clever and delivered with just the right intensity to sell the line and maximize the laughs. Michael Douglas also brings a set of laughs to the mix and his blunt mannerisms are welcomed as he zings the characters with witty dialogue. Michael Pena helps with the simpler comedy, using his talents to please the audience members who love the more ridiculous and exaggerated moments. His voice was probably the funniest aspect of his moments and the director limiting the number of jokes with him was also a smart move. Outside of the actors, Ant-Man has some other fun trinkets, including turning a toy train set into a "death" arena, anthropomorphic qualities in ants, and a few comic surprises that cap everything. This film is certainly one of Marvel's most humorous projects, and did a nice job balancing the laughs with the action. But alas there were a few things that fell off the scale and could have used some tweaking. At the beginning the plot is very rushed, with little hindrance and in depth character development. His initiation is practically dull, his training almost devoid of any real struggle, and even the magnitude of the crime he committed was blown over. Another weakness was Hank and Hope's tale, the tension and drama are there, but the details remain hidden and suddenly are dropped in at once. Then the second half of the movie happens and that is when the entertaining and intriguing moments happen. There is also a lot of predictability in this tale as well, lacking any real twist or surprise, but that is only a minor thing. This is when connections to the other movies happen and the plot development and tension occur. Outside of the plot, the action does get a little repetitive with the whole shrinking and expanding moment, and I could have been happier with more ant moments. I got to say that Ant-Man is a well done intro film that has a little something for everyone. The action is fitting, the comedy clever and balanced, and the movie overall fun and entertaining. The story needs some tweaking, and it definitely has some other areas that weren't the jaw dropping experience we've had in the past. Yet I feel it is a good and fun blockbuster for the summer. I encourage many to go have fun with this movie, but avoid the 3-D aspect because I don't see it adding much to the film for the extra cost. My scores are:Action/Sci-Fi: 8.0 Movie Overall: 8.0
평점: 6	리뷰: I'm not one for big action spectacles where we see New York getting destroyed for the four-millionth time, so I'm always a little worried before I go into a superhero movie. Fortunately, Ant-Man dared to be different than the usual superhero flick like the largely overrated Avengers and abysmal Man of Steel by being a heist movie. Ant-Man, based on the Marvel character, Scott Lang has to use Dr. Pym's Ant- Man suit and plot a heist to stop Darren Cross from making more Ant-Man suits. The suit itself allows the wearer to shrink to the size of an ant while their physical strength increases, making them a virtually unstoppable force. The worst thing I can say about Ant-Man is that it's not as neat and controlled as Marvel's best entries. It doesn't match the tight story of Iron Man or the thrilling nature of Captain America: The Winter Soldier, but it makes up for that by being an incredibly fun and sometimes unpredictable heist movie. A majority of the film is dedicated to showing how Lang attempts to pull of the heist rather than showing non-stop action. It makes Ant-Man feel unique and significantly different than any other Marvel movie I've seen. Most of the action doesn't happen until the final act of the film, but the scenes themselves are very interesting since you see Lang and Cross constantly growing and shrinking. There's also quite a bit of comedy in there, which unfortunately, misses a lot more than it hits. Nevertheless, Ant-Man is an appropriately fun and unique superhero movie that actually tries to tell a story rather than showing fifty skyscrapers fall to the ground.
평점: 8	리뷰: Ant-Man initiates the promised "Phase 3" of Marvel Cinematic Universe. Its obvious purpose is the introduction of new heroes (Ant-Man, Doctor Strange, Black Panther, Captain Marvel and the Inhumans race), while reducing costs... specially the salaries of the actors who forged the first and second phase. I perfectly agree with that strategy; the rich Marvel Comics universe is being recreated with big care and a constant respect to the spirit of the printed material, even though that doesn't avoid the introduction of modifications which are more suitable for the audiovisual medium. However, Ant-Man isn't a slave of continuity, and has enough ingenuity and originality in order to earn an own identity. Curiously, that identity ended up being much more humorous than the rest of the Marvel films. The humor works pretty well most of the times, but it occasionally dilutes the suspense a bit. Anyway, I liked the way in which the scale of the "miniaturized action" was exploited to generate laughs without reducing the emotional weight of the scenes, and without trivializing the main character's dramatic arc. Nevertheless, I would have liked to see a bit more of "science" in the screenplay in order to solve some inconsistencies in the miniaturization process (like Warren Ellis did in the comic Fantastic Four when he explained why Ant-Man could breathe even when he was as small as the air molecules themselves; I don't remember the explanation, but it was an excellent techno-babble, because it was simultaneously credible and ridiculous). Paul Rudd makes a very good work as Ant-Man, perfectly balancing humor and warmth. Unfortunately, Corey Stoll brings a weak performance as the villain; he feels too bland and he can never transmit a sense of threaten. On the other side of the coin, Michael Douglas brings an excellent work, and his performance is one of the biggest pros of the film; I would definitely be interested in watching a prequel about the '80s adventures of Hank Pym and Janet van Dyne. Evangeline Lilly isn't given too much to do; I guess her character's real value might be better displayed in the sequel (and I hope they find a better wig for her). And I really enjoyed seeing the great Michael Peña as part of the Marvel Universe, which was truly needing a Latin character. Having said all that... I might be starting to understand why Dan Harmon called the Marvel movies "insipid". Don't misunderstand me... I liked Ant-Man pretty much, and I definitely consider it worthy of a recommendation. However, the same style, tone and appearance of the other films already feels a bit repetitive. Sure, the cohesion is indispensable to unify the Universe... but what is missing is a variety of personality and vision (don't mix that up with the android Vision). With a pair of exceptions (Kenneth Branagh and Joe Johnston), Marvel is hiring directors who mostly work on TV, and even though they are competent, they are easily controllable, so that they don't get out of the fold; Edgar Wright's dismissal of Ant-Man is a clear indication of this tendency. Marvel might recognize that situation, and that's why it experimented with the "noir" style in the wonderful series Daredevil; it fits into the world of The Avengers, but it keeps a different nature, proving that they aren't incompatible concepts. Anyway... I hope they dare to make more experiments like that on the big screen, so that it doesn't seem like we are watching the same film over and over again. Needless to say, that's something difficult; however, Marvel has been successfully doing that in comics for decades, something which allows, for example, the recent impressionistic recreation of Hawkeye compatible with the traditional comic The Avengers; something like that is what we need in the Cinematographic Universe: more from the same, but different. And of course, always with Stan Lee.
평점: 9	리뷰: Anyone who knows me knows that I highly enjoy Marvel films, and sing their praises. Since the beginning of the Marvel Cinematic Universe with the first Iron Man in 2008, Marvel has made a hit with me every time. I've enjoyed all eleven installments Marvel has put out, and Ant-Man makes it twelve. The story begins in 1989, where Dr. Hank Pym (Michael Douglas) has quit SHIELD after he finds out that they tried to replicate his shrinking technology. He has been trying to hide it away from everyone ever since. Cut to present day San Francisco, where infamous burglar Scott Lang (Paul Rudd) is getting out of prison and moves in to an apartment with his former cell-mate, Luis (Michael Peña). Scott wants to see his daughter Cassie, but his ex-wife Maggie (Judy Greer) and her fiancé Paxton (Bobby Cannavale) won't let him visit until he can pay child support. He can't hold a job due to his criminal record. To rectify, Luis tells Scott of a job he can pull off. Scott is reluctant because of his desire to stop stealing. He takes the job, which involves stealing from the safe of an old man who is not home, only to find a suit and helmet. As he dons the suit and finds out what it does, he hears a voice as he is being tested right away. Hank is the voice Scott hears. When Scott tries to return the suit, he is arrested and thrown in jail, but his "lawyer" Hank recruits him to be the new Ant-Man. Scott accepts the job and is needed to stop Darren Cross (Corey Stoll), a former protégé of Hank's who has replicated his shrinking technology and wants to use it for his own personal gain. I was always interested in this project since the announcement that Edgar Wright, director of comedies such as Hot Fuzz and The World's End, was going to direct. I became more interested when reading of the preproduction issues such as Marvel seeing the film one way with Wright seeing it a different way. Peyton Reed, who has directed films such as Bring It On and The Break-Up, stepped in and showed that he can not just do things how Marvel wants it done, but be able to add to it. Reed did a very nice job of mixing the action and comedy, and also combing a comedy film with a heist film. Wright and co-writer Joe Cornish had some nice ideas with the script. With Adam McKay coming on to fix up the script, he knows how to write to Rudd's strengths as an actor. Rudd also did some script polishing with McKay. Paul Rudd has shown in the past that he can be a lead and carry a movie with roles in I Love You, Man, How Do You Know, and Wanderlust. As Scott Lang, Rudd is at his finest with making a criminal likable and showing that he wants to do good. Michael Douglas is just spectacular and elevates the role of the mentor to Scott to someone who is also haunted by his past. Michael Peña is a riot as Scott's best friend. He hilarious with when he tells Scott about the job and again when someone wants to find out about him. Corey Stoll also has some moments as Darren Cross. Everyone else goes from serviceable to decent. The technical achievements are also great. I liked the use of the 1.85: 1 aspect ratio as I felt closer to the action. I thought the visual effects were spectacular, especially the scenes where Scott is ant sized and adapting to being that size. I also like the visuals when Scott is fighting Darren in Cassie's bedroom. The enlarged ant and the enlarged Thomas the Tank Engine cracked me up. I also liked the editing, especially in the two scenes where Luis is telling his story and the characters involved are talking the same way he is. The sound design was all around brilliant and I liked the use of different sounds. This is an overall fun addition to the Marvel Cinematic Universe. Like Guardians of the Galaxy, this has an overall light tone that makes Marvel feel fresh but be part of the overall universe. I enjoyed the mid credits scene and the end scene makes a nice buildup to the next MCU installment.
평점: 8	리뷰: ANT-MAN has never been on Marvel's A list in the same way as The Hulk, Captain America, Iron Man, and Thor; but neither is he on the same level as Moon Knight. The character is essential to the comic book version of The Avengers, and a stand alone film introducing him to the cinematic Marvel Universe is quite appropriate. And if the movie does not swing for the fences in the same way as the first AVENGERS film or last year's GUARDIANS OF THE GALAXY, it certainly tells its story of with wit, charm and just the right amount of action and special effects.ANT-MAN is an origin story, which some critics mistakenly believe is the easiest to tell; there have been two heroes to call themselves Ant-Man, the first being Hank Pym, a scientific genius who develops the suit which will allow a man to shrink to the size of an insect, while the second is Scott Lang, a guy who has done a stretch for B&E into a greedy corporation, but who also possesses a Masters in Electrical Engineering. The movie is the story of the latter, who learns from original how to master the suit and the science in order to stop Darren Cross, Pym's former protégé, who is planning to sell the Ant-Man technology to Hydra.The first hour of the movie is filled with exposition, introduction, and set up, but it's done in a way that doesn't drag the movie down and make it feel like forever until the action starts up. We learn about Hank Pym and why is estranged from his former colleagues and daughter; we get to know Scott Lang, just out of prison and weighted down with a lot of back due child support. And we see Darren Cross racing to perfect what Pym has already discovered, but has hidden away from the world. Over the course of the movie, these three story strands become entwined, eventually leading to the inevitable showdown between Ant-Man and his mirror opposite, Yellow Jacket.As with all good super hero movies, the story works on more than one level. In one way, ANT-MAN is a heist film, with Scott Lang recruited by an elder to steal from the villains before something bad occurs; there is more than one scene that could have been lifted right out of a classic caper film-think OCEAN'S ELEVEN with super powers. In another way it is the story of family and the bonds that hold and break with the unintended consequences of both: Scott wants to provide for his daughter and keep her love now that she has a new step dad in her life; Hank Pym has had a strained relationship with his own daughter, who is resentful about events in the past concerning her deceased mother; Darren Cross is the rejected son of Hank, while Scott is his worthy replacement.The casting and acting is spot on, starting with Paul Rudd in the title part; after all his roles in Apatow comedies, he would seem to be a odd choice to play a super hero, but they may have the single one he was born to play. Marvel's heroes have so often been average guys endowed with extraordinary abilities through incredible circumstances; Rudd is the personification of this classic character, especially in the scenes where he is trying to master the Ant-Man suit and his new powers. Up till now, Rudd has never been the big star he should have been, hope this movie changes that. Michael Douglas is perfect as Hank Pym, a once arrogant genius, now humbled by loss; Douglas's bigger than life persona and acting style is just what this role requires. Darren Cross's Yellow Jacket is a Marvel staple-the protégé gone bad and Cory Stoll plays the part well. Evangeline Lilly is Pym 's daughter, who may be destined to become the second Wasp, and having an actor from LOST fits right in to the cast. Michael Pena is always a welcome presence in any movie, here he plays one of Scott's friends from prison who comes to play a vital part in the action. Anthony Mackie's Falcon from the last Captain America movie shows up when Scott tries to break into the Avengers HQ and they have a terrific and very funny fight. Hayley Atwill shows up as and older Peggy Carter, as does John Slattery, playing Howard Stark in a flashback.The special effects are good without being overpowering, they are used in clever ways to show the unique powers Ant-Man and Yellow Jacket have- like a battle to the death on a toy train set or throw down inside a tumbling brief case.One of the best things about ANT-MAN is its lighter tone, this is not the X-Men or Spider-Man with their weighty themes of guilt and redemption; director Peyton Reed, who took over for Edgar Wright, does a good job of telling a story about a super hero who really enjoys being a super hero. And I don't miss all those time travel and alternate universe paradoxes from the X-Men films one bit. And listen for the references to the Hulk and Spider-Man.Of course there are a couple of post credit scenes that advance the story along and set things in motion for the next Marvel movie; the most significant one here, ties up a loose end from WINTER SOLDIER and gets the action rolling for CIVIL WAR.I cannot wait.
평점: 7	리뷰: Look first i have to say that i am a great fan of the MARVEL universe and i know when i say that Avengers:Age...was (for me) a great disappointment.Why? Because was the same of the same...Now ANT MAN at least comes with something fresh,cool and yes very very fun.If you want to take seriously this movie you be disappointment if you don't you gonna take the ride of the year with one of the best CGI special effects i ever see in this year.The cast are great:Rudd makes a great ant-man,the great Michael Douglas proves again that with the correct script he can make a great part,The extremely beautiful Evangeline Lilly have a great part too in the movie and the villain Corey Stoll makes a acceptable villain.The real star of the movie are the CGI special effects even that you know that are CGI you lost and feel the SF like be part of the story and not another part of the movie (see it in 3D believe me worth the ticket)My final toughs for this movie is that is a perfect summer movie you have too see (like Jurassic world) please don't take the movie very seriously because the movie wasn't make to take like that...Just buy your refreshments and enjoy this ride with this new fun and fresh super heroes. (Don't leave the theater they are 2 end credits).
평점: 9	리뷰: Age of Ultron amazed me much more-so than any other movie had when I saw it in theaters, little did I know Ant-Man would do the same albeit to a much smaller extent and for different reasons. After seeing Ant-Man, it is most definitely within my top 5 Marvel Cinematic Universe films, tied with Winter Soldier at third place. It is a must-see for Marvel fans!The action is not quite as spectacular as that of many other Marvel films, but the shrinking dynamic that is utilized by both the hero and the villain alike was intriguing, especially when it was taken to a quantum level (known as the Microverse in canon). I would have preferred to see more clear and direct hand-to-hand combat as opposed to Scott punching-out opponents with ease at the miniature level, but the action was overall very pleasing. I would also like to state that the minor appearance of the Falcon was a very welcome addition to this film, which even includes a short fight scene! The final fight was pretty spectacular, even though it lacked what was seen in the Steve vs Bucky scenes in TWS in-terms of hand-to-hand combat, simply due to the fact that the usage of everyday items as weapons and the shrinking-growing concept in battle was done very well. Oh yea, and I really did appreciate the concept of the ants assisting and ordering to Scott.This was probably the funniest action film that I have ever seen! The little quips and jokes made those in the Avengers films look like something you would see in an episode of Spongebob. Unlike the humor in both Avengers movies, the humor in Ant-Man felt very fluent and seamless, and was remarkably hilarious to go along! My personal favorite scene of the "funny" type would definitely have to be the inclusion of the Thomas the Tank Engine toy in the climax, which literally ballooned the previously hand-sized toy into an actual railroad (made even more funny with the fact that Thomas' eyes are still motioning around!).Other than the action and humor factors, there is not much else to discuss aside from the characters. They were all very humorous and enjoyable, and the villain (Darren Cross) was done very thoroughly, although he was oddly similar to Stane from Ironman back in 2008. That brings me to my next point that the Yellowjacket character itself did not appear until quite literally the third act of the film, which was very disappointing in my eyes, but not sufficient to kill my enjoyment of this film.I would have to give this movie a solid 8.5-9/10. Definitely see it, especially if you are a Marvel fan!
평점: 8	리뷰: Ant-Man is the newest movie in the Marvel Cinematic Universe which stars Paul Rudd, Michael Douglas, Corey Stoll and various other stars. The movie revolves around Scott Lang a likable yet imperfect hero, as he is released from prison for burglary a crime him and his friends commit on a regular bases. This approach is very uncharacteristic to generic formulation of superheros however Lang's personality, relatability and relationship and drive to be a hero to his daughter is what makes the audience root for him through out the movie. Eventually during the first half of the movie Ant-Man is born through the use of a revolutionary suit which can shrink the wear to the size of an ant while still providing the strength of a full sized human. If this technology where to get into wrong hands chaos who ensue to world which is why our villain Darren Cross (Corey Stoll) a corporate entrepreneur set on providing a breakthrough regarding shrinking technology exists . Darren Cross is by far the weakest part of the movie as all superhero movies need a good villain and Darren Cross just does not cut it. He is ruthless but with out reason at times and his backstory and reasoning behind his objectives are vague and generic. His character lacked character development which could have made him a more relatable character than a crazy psycho billionaire.Ant-Man is not your typical blockbuster Marvel movie it is a lot slower paced which I enjoyed as it allowed for the film to develop a more comedic aspect which it harnesses in the movie very well thanks to Paul Rudd and Michael Pena. I honestly did not think I would have laughed as much in any Super-Hero movie but I had an enjoyable time. Although I did not watch the movie in 3D ,I would defiantly recommend watching it in 3D as much of the movie involves Ant-Man shrinking down. These scenes and the actions scenes look great and would probably look even better in 3D.Overall Ant-Man was one of the most enjoyable movies of this Summer and I would definitely recommend seeing it.8/10
평점: 9	리뷰: The answer to that infamous question after I watched Marvel's "AntMan" is YES YES YES. I am a Marvel junkie, I admit, but even I was suspicious when I first heard the news of AntMan coming out. But being the junkie I am, and knowing I would need a Marvel fix after Age of Ultron, I went open minded and I am VERY happy that I did. AntMan was such a joy to watch-from the quirky humor to Paul Rudd who portrays Scott Lang's offbeat yet hilarious character quite well (mind you, I also had doubts of Paul Rudd's ability to perform as Scott Lang/AntMan so he, too, impressed me.) Furthermore, it's important to appreciate the little-big things of this film, like how they made this movie so epic despite the size our protagonist was fighting in. The effects made you REALLY involved, whether from Scott's perspective, or from an onlooker looking onto Scott's small form. Overall, AntMan truly is a joy to watch-great action, great humor. Is it Avengers level? Of COURSE NOT because quite frankly, nothing ever is or will be Avengers level in the MCU, so it's not fair to compare individual films to such an impractical goal. Still, AntMan was worth the trip, and made me smile the entire 2 hours in the theater and all the way home. Hopefully you'll agree once you see for yourself ;)

영화제목: Rise of the Planet of the Apes
평점: 9	리뷰: TEN LONG YEARS have passed since Tim Burton's dark, brooding twist on Ape-dom. Here now is a prequel, from filmmaker Rupert Wyatt (best known for the Brian Cox yarn THE ESCAPIST), which boasts an even more impressive amount of CGI. We're also treated to a fine series of scientific melodrama.Notable for not being shot in 3D – and just as visually arresting without it – RISE OF THE PLANET OF THE APES proves to be something of a mixed bag. James Franco, as Will Rodman, is typically reliable as the super tech determined to rid the world of Alzheimer's. We soon discover the reason for his laboratory testing on chimps: Rodman's father (played by John Lithgow) is deteriorating at home, rapidly. Soon enough, Rodman is growing emotionally attached to the apes. When one goes, erm, ape – like the Incredible Hulk, their eyes turn green, with the serum that's being tested on them – smooth-talking boss Steven Jacobs (David Oyelowo) orders the lot to be terminated. Naturally, Rodman finds one to rescue: a baby chimp, which soon grows up to be a pet-of- sorts, named Caesar (Andy Serkis). Rodman's serum appears to not only reverse the brain-wasting disease when he tests it on his father, it even improves brain function. But Caesar grows restless being cooped up inside and ultimately winds up in an enclosure, having wreaked havoc down Rodman's street. Once inside, the dynamics shift between the caged apes, and Caesar cottons on to boosting his fellow chimps' intelligence: steal the serum. Once it's unleashed, all hell – literally – breaks loose.Director Wyatt does a fine job with the chimps, their laboratory testing, the drama within the lab, and the chimps' rebellion inside their enclosure. Less convincing are the sub plots and supporting cast. Roman's romance with a similarly chimp-obsessed medic named Caroline Aranha (SLUMDOG MILLIONAIRE's Freida Pinto, pictured above, with Franco and Serkis) feels like an after-thought, in spite of Pinto's screen presence. Similarly, a father-and-son tussle between enclosure owner John Landon (Brian Cox) and his son Dodge (an over-the-top Tom Felton, freshly released from HARRY POTTER) is hinted at, but not developed. Dodge merely acts as the villain who, inevitably, will get his comeuppance.As with Burton's 2001 remake, this highly anticipated prequel feels somewhat overburdened by the legacy of the 1968 original: a film that spawned a series of highly successful TV- focused follow-ups that continued throughout the 1970s. It is no coincidence that Charlton Heston's turn in PLANET OF THE APES is spotted on a TV set – nor that Dodge gets to holler the immortal line, "Get your filthy paws off me, you damn, dirty ape!"And, as with Burton's feature, this latest effort does, if nothing else, introduce a whole new generation to the franchise in an intelligent fashion. Visually, it is very impressive indeed – and Wyatt couldn't have asked for a more appropriate lead in Franco. One wonders what could happen, were the original not to loom so large in cinematic history. RISE OF THE PLANET OF THE APES Stars: James Franco, Freida Pinto, John Lithgow, Brian Cox, Tom Felton, Andy Serkis, David Oyelowo. Directed by: Rupert Wyatt. Critical Rating: 7/10. Rated: M. In cinemas: August 4.ED GIBBS | Senior Film/Music Journalist and Critic Follow me on Twitter @EdGibbs Follow the blog: http://plasticsouls.blogspot.com
평점: 5	리뷰: A dizzying chase scene in a forest leads to a group of apes being captured and taken to a high-tech science lab. The apes are experimented on with a drug called 112, which is believed to make them smarter. It's set to be used as a cure for Alzheimer's on humans too. This interests young scientist Will (James Franco) because his father Charles (John Lithgow) is deteriorating from the disease. When an ape breaks out in defence of its baby the entire program is meant to be shutdown and the advanced creatures destroyed. Unable to kill a young ape called Caesar (Andy Serkis in motion capture), Will takes the advanced creature home as his pet and it grows up with him, becoming increasingly more sophisticated with each year. It is in this period that Will starts a relationship with a vet named Caroline (Freida Pinto). Will also uses the 112 drug that he stole as a temporary cure for his father. But after a public incident Caesar is taken away and thrown back into a cage, where he is taunted by Dodge (Tom Felton). Cutting edge visuals prove at odds with an undercooked script in the second failed reboot of The Planet of the Apes franchise. It's been over forty years since the original film, which spawned four sequels and an unfavourable Tim Burton remake in 2001. This time the apes are mostly CGI and motion captured, instead of using actors to don costumes and makeup. They don't have the anthropomorphic qualities anymore. They're regular looking apes, who for the most part don't speak. The faces of the creatures and the animations, courtesy of Andy Serkis and Weta Digital, are spectacularly detailed and about as expressive as the scowl of an ape can be. It's an appeal to a more grounded approach that Hollywood reboots are now hungry for, given the success of the Nolan Batman films and Casino Royale. But grounding the film like this also means losing some of the fun and the rich irony of the Charlton Heston picture. Hearing the apes speak and interact in their own structured hierarchies, against a sinking Statue of Liberty, revealed that the apes were not from a primitive alien world but of a scary perpetual present on Earth. Starting the franchise over as a formulaic white coat thriller reduces the film to asking the same moral questions about genetic engineering that science fiction authors like Huxley have posed for decades. And stretching the story over several years too does little to justify the bewildering motives of Will's employers either, like why they would persist with the experiments again after their first major disaster. The film is also more turkey than super ape because there's a lack of interesting human characters to voice these issues either. James Franco's talents are usually dependable but even he is limited by a flatly characterised and underwritten part that does little to spark his charisma. His relationship with the underused Freida Pinto (from Slumdog Millionaire) adds nothing to the story and the subplot with his father is unmoving. John Lithgow looks extremely out of place because some of his expressions, particularly in a scene where he's trying to start a car, appear too comical. But the most disappointing aspect of the narrative is the trajectory. Far too much time is spent inside the labs and between cages with stock characters like Tom Felton's Dodge, who is still in Malfoy-mode. The development of Caesar is indeed visible as you can see some strands of intelligence growing, like when he expresses that strength is found in unity and numbers. But the title of this film is criminally misleading and a cheat because the gap between the intellectual development of the apes and overthrow of the Earth is never bridged. The uprising, right at the end of the film no less, is one long dopey action sequence that's more like a standoff with the SWAT cavalry than a global revolution. And it's here that the credibility of this increasingly silly film plummets. The apes suddenly become military tacticians and before you can say 'overblown' Caesar rides in from the smoke clouds like General Custer on horseback. If Hollywood considers rebooting the Apes franchise again after this misfire, I'm hoping they'll consider the Troy McClure musical Dr. Zaius instead. No banana.
평점: 6	리뷰: I've long suspected that James Franco will bring about the end of the world as we know it. No wonder he's Stephen Colbert's nemesis.Here, Franco plays Will, an Alzheimer's researcher with a personal stake in his treatment's effectiveness. Of course, before human trials can commence, experimental drugs such as his must be tested on the creatures most closely resembling us (an unpleasant reality, but one that we must all accept as the price we pay for progress – or, instead, join some kind of militant animal liberation movement and stop wearing leather), which means apes. Which means chimps. Which means--oooh, adorable chimp baby! Chimp baby grows up, and due to the Alzheimer's drug, chimp baby grows up smart. Caesar by name (played by motion capture king Andy Serkis), he's happy enough living with Will and his Dad (John Lithgow), but longs wistfully for wide open spaces and playmates. When remanded into an improbably large and over-populated ape rescue facility after hurting an aggressive next door neighbor (STARGATE ATLANTIS' David Hewlett, in a small but pivotal role, attacked with gusto), he at first misses his human family, but soon comes to realize that, with his brains and his fellow inmates' (in-primates'?) brawn... and then, maybe, THEIR brains too... he could crown himself king of the concrete jungle.What an unfortunate confluence of circumstance chances to unfold in this movie, and serves to bring about the apocalyptic events seen in 1968's PLANET OF THE APES! (For which, by the way, this movie is just one big spoiler. What's next? A prequel to THE SIXTH SENSE where we see Bruce Willis die?) First, James Franco goes and messes with ape brains to cure Alzheimer's... I mean, dude, have you not seen DEEP BLUE SEA? It's not a good idea to mess with ANY animal's brain to cure Alzheimer's. Then, David Hewlett has anger management issues, and is all up in John Lithgow's grill, much to Caesar's displeasure. And THEN Draco Malfoy himself, Tom Felton -- apparently typecast as kind of a douche now -- plays a sadistic ape handler who does humanity no favors at all.Honestly? By the end of this movie, you'll believe we don't deserve any.Sure, the film takes its time getting going. There is a long stretch in the middle where suddenly the whole concept just seems ludicrous, and you may even find yourself laughing at the unintentional comedy gold of Caesar, the chimp MacGyver. But what saves this movie from utter absurdity, among other things -- notably, the truly excellent effects from CGI wizards, WETA -- is a thrilling third act in which the apes begin their foreordained conquest of the world, one painstakingly plotted step at a time.This is a movie that is designed to make you think, as is all the best science fiction. Whether it's a parable about racism, or a more straightforward advertisement for PETA, or a squint-and-you-can-see-it dire warning about gene therapies, or all three, there are a lot of larger themes here, without question. (Also, they threw some pandemic theory in there, just to help us all sleep at night.) And when the apes--ripped from their homes and mistreated and held captive and experimented on--get their revenge, it would take a far stronger apologist for human fallibility than I am not to cheer them on.When the credits began to roll, I started giving the producers a whole lot of credit themselves... were they really NOT going to spoon feed this to us? Were they actually going to let us figure out the fate of all six billion humans on the planet for ourselves? But then... ah, the epilogue. No, they weren't. And here's another piece of ill-luck that dooms our race to the non-verbal, rag-clad future of the original movie: ape handler Franklin (REAPER's Tyler Labine) is a complete moron, who really should have consulted his doctor immediately, especially since he was standing RIGHT THERE. (Wait... is there a universal health care message in here, too? Jeez, movie, pick a controversy!) I find I am conflicted about this film. On the one hand, there are some great performances -- Lithgow, Franco, hell, even Felton -- and the effects are top notch. The visceral appeal of revolution certainly tugged at me throughout, especially in that wondrous final act, and the fact that I found seeing weapons trained on gorillas and orangutans and chimpanzees so disturbing comforted me somewhat; I had been beginning to believe myself desensitized to such on screen horrors.On the other hand, the story is quite silly in a lot of ways--really? It took Will THAT long to think of bribery?--and plays the callback-to-the-original card a few too many times for my taste. (I appreciated the clever sight-gags and not unexpected cameo, but there is one line of dialogue in here that is so completely obvious and groan-worthy it should be accompanied by a flashing "APPLAUSE" sign.)In all, however, this is a movie worth the seeing, if only for the stunning visuals and the exhilarating liberation of a long-abused species (even if we're the ones who've done the abusing). I can at least say with confidence that RISE OF THE PLANET OF THE APES is far from the worst prequel movie ever. FAR from it. It doesn't do any major disservice to its original (the five sequels, or the TV series... or even the novel), and, indeed, even adds something to the overall narrative. Plus, hey: at least it's a massive improvement over that Tim Burton PLANET OF THE APES remake/monstrosity of 2001. Of which the less said the better.Talk about your damn dirty apes...Rachel Hyland, Geek Speak Magazine -- geekspeakmagazine.com
평점: 8	리뷰: I had extremely low expectations for Rise of the Planet of the Apes (2011). I loved the original 1968 classic, but every sequel/remake after it sucked. I was surprised they were going to make a prequel of the classic and I thought it was a good idea. But still after so many bad sequels and remakes, I still had my big doubts. Also I didn't like how the monkeys were made by CGI/Special Effects, why not use a robotic monkey or a real one, it would look more real.After my viewing of the film, I was pleasantly surprised and I liked it overall. But there were definitely flaws in the movie, no doubt about it. The characters were a bit uninteresting at times, there were subplots that went pretty much nowhere and indicated that there could sequels in the works, but it all depends on how much money it makes. The movie, at some points turned to an average summer blockbuster with all the action scenes and explosions, but it redeems itself later on.However there are plenty of positive qualities, the movie has. Andy Serkis delivers a great performance as the lead ape in the film and is pretty much the star of the film. James Franco and Freida Pinto, both did a good job portraying their characters. The movie also poses ethical/moral questions, which I found very interesting. The movie is easily on of the most thrilling films we've had this summer. Finally a movie that pays respect to the 1968 original science fiction classic!
평점: 6	리뷰: Just caught this on opening night having let the kids choose between 'Rise of the POTA' and 'Captain America'. I can't say I was disappointed at all, having gone in with no expectations at all of being blown away, but being something of a fan of the original film series and concept.'Rise of the Planet of the Apes' is a bit of a mixed bag, part hit and part miss. It has a few plot holes and implausibilities, but the story is solid enough and it certainly doesn't mock or insult the original Planet of the Apes film, the premise merely swapping a self-inflicted nuclear holocaust for a man made virus, perhaps an updating of the times.It's a little lightweight in the violence or scary department, which isn't necessarily a bad thing, but it's clearly made with a wider audience in mind with no sex, no bad language and the rough stuff toned down from what it might have been.The ape mayhem doesn't really take place until nearer the end of the film and while it's certainly not the reason I'd suggest you go and see this film, because it's pretty much covered off in the trailer, the lead up to it and 'Apeshank Redemption' lead up behind bars, from whipping boy to top dog in the yard was the high point and very well done, if a little formulaic.The lowlight of the film was definitely the perhaps mandatory 'damned dirty ape' line which unfortunately was nothing less then cringe worthy. I may be being a tad harsh in giving this 6/10, but I'm a tough marker and there's no 6.5 to click on. Definitely worth a look and it gets a pass mark, but it won't leave you in awe.
평점: 7	리뷰: It's surprising how engaging segments of this film can be, despite its over-reliance on non-verbal display, linear plot developments, and stock personalities; it's precisely the detail lent to non-verbal display, however, that makes the film worth seeing. Primate dominance hierarchies and play behaviour, meticulously rendered emotions—fear and its autonomic signatures (shallow breathing, dilated pupils, etc.--and consciousness-raising depictions of Alzheimer's disease and its impact on loved ones, all go a long way to make the film seem "round" rather than "flat." Surprising touches of nuance pervade the film, actually. Caesar, the intelligent chimp and protagonist, displays his perceptiveness and inward-looking grasp of his circumstances, uses a Chinese fable about strength in numbers and weakness in division to reveal his organizational aspirations, is self-restrained and morally sensitized, etc. Then you have ironically ape-like zookeepers revealing themselves in different ways to be more primate-like than the primates they hold in captivity, etc. One zookeeper, with a simian mien, becomes mesmerized by an evangelical commercial, yet happens also to be more sensible than his stereotypically aggressive colleague. So the film has its merits and holds attention, but it also has serious weaknesses common to most Hollywood fair, such as an unwillingness to develop characters, inexplicable plot jumps and unrealistic moments defying belief, etc. We should demand more from sci-fi, since the genre is such an excellent vehicle for thought experimentation, and can explore certain social problems in ways non sci-fi can't. So I should think a truly penetrating look at human nature may come from a Planet of the Apes follow-up feature, a film outranking its classic original in psychological depth and structural control. But whether such a production could meet marketing expectations is doubtful by today's standards. Animated chimps and blue humanoids wielding bows and arrows are expected to appeal to the masses, largely for the sake of making money and not telling a rich, philosophically focused story. I can be hopeful, all the same, can't I?One must, after having watched a film, take stock of its overall 'value' for viewers, despite how a film has made us feel; insofar as lasting value is consideration, Rise of the Planet of the Apes achieves little, because its characters and events lack mimetic relation to experiences in life, as realistically developed over time, as opposed to ample stimuli that we can't help but emote to, since we're viewing primal displays that prompt automatic response. There's little impetus for introspection in this film. Shakespeare's Julius Caesar, by contrast--and I use this as an example merely because the title shows up briefly in the film for the namesake of the protagonist chimp--has much more command over the psychological sphere, over what we're experiencing and how we judge others, and what we ought to do about how we feel, within a complex social structure. I was hoping the filmmakers would bring more from Julius Caesar's themes into the film--and the follow-up film may very well evince this, with a chimp revolt of some sort against their leader--but I would expect any relation, at this point, to be only superficial.
평점: 7	리뷰: Another possible title could be Apewakenings or even Primatenormal Activity.In a nutshell, this is a movie that illustrates how hideous it is to be a lab rat – to be experimented on – not matter how noble the cause. And the oppressed might learn more than we wanted them to know – like how to fight back.Monkey see monkey do = humans in deep doo-doo.I loved the 1968 original Planet Of The Apes starring Charlton Heston because it's intriguing to contemplate life if we weren't at the top of the food chain. What if we were an enslaved species and treated as sub-human? It's good to ponder the possibilities because it could happen and it reminds us to have a little humility.I also reckon Tim Burton did a great job re-imagining the movie in his version starring the terrific Tim Roth as the angry General Thade – a chimp with a chip on each shoulder.So now we have this kind-of-prequel that addresses the modern issue of finding a cure for Alzheimer's and Dementia – but it really explores how the monkeys first got the upper hand.James Franco leads the cast as the kind-hearted passionate scientist with John Lithgow playing his father who suffers with Alzheimer's. Franco brings home an orphan baby chimp from the lab and calls him Caesar who evolves at an incredible rate thanks to an experimental drug - ALZ 112.Monkey Magic it ain't. Their behaviour goes from being super smart to something like Animals on Angel Dust or Primates on PCP. Not only is Caesar adept at climbing and swinging – he also seems to be pretty good at Parkour.The eventual uprising of the digichimps is led by Caesar who for the most part, is actor Andy Serkis in a motion capture suit overseen by the Weta Workshop – the same SFX production place that did all the great work on Lord Of The Rings. Andy was the actor who gave us Gollum in the Tolkien trilogy whom he described as a 'three and a half foot junkie'. And he also was the go-to guy for motion capture when it came to creating the biggest monkey of them all – King Kong.It was decided the simians had to be digichimps because it would be subversively ironic to exploit chimps in order to make a movie about chimps being exploited.Rise Of The Planet Of The Apes succeeds in terms of terrific set up, good performances and superb special effects that really serve the story. But here are a few questions and thoughts I have on some WTF moments.** SPOILER ALERT** 1) What brand of jeans does Caesar wear – and what happened to them when the real fighting breaks out on the bridge? They just vanished from his body.2) Why was there zero chemistry in terms of the love story? Do they both prefer the company of other species? If so then there should have been heart-warming awkwardness between them instead of bland compatibility. Would have contrasted better with primate courtship behaviour.3) Why didn't any of the super smart simians pick up the dropped guns on the bridge and start using them on the humans? 4) Why did Caesar say those 3 silly words to James Franco at the end when it would have been more effective to hear him just say 'no' to JF thus reinforcing the simian resistance to human domination? 5) Did the digichimps use telepathy to free all the other primates from all the other zoos in San Francisco and why does San Francisco have thousands and thousands of them? 6) And why have Harry Potter star Tom Felton (who plays a cruel zookeeper of sorts) saying that classic line from the 1968 original 'get your stinking paws off me, you damn dirty ape!' For one thing, modern people don't speak like that. It was out of character. And the audience I was in the cinema with groaned in unison.I still enjoyed the movie overall but the above questions needed to be asked and answered in script meetings.Humans have to be on top of this stuff because if (intelligent) apes take over Hollywood, it'll be the end of cinema as we know it.King Kong will live to reign again.
평점: 8	리뷰: There are so many things right about this movie, the little things that are wrong are easily forgiven. Some slight plot holes, but the film and characters make up for it. The chemistry between Franco and Pinto is weak, however Franco plays his part. Lithgow is always a great asset to any production, and does a great job here.Albeit you know the chimps are CGI, their eyes look amazing, with depth and personality, and along with their body language and facial animations, you really do forget they are CGI. The music is powerful and tense, and I loved the way it builds up through out the movie. Starting with light orchestra at the beginning, while starting to feel very tribal without overdoing it towards the end.There are moments that are truly gratifying, and Caeser really steals the show with his evolution through out the movie. The journey Caeser takes really connects and you feel his plight. With moments of thought, heart and action, Rise really hits the mark for the audience it's aiming for.Excellent entertainment all round!
평점: 8	리뷰: I am not going to analyse here the difference with previous Planet of the Apes movies because I think that for this movie it's important to be good no matter is it better than previous films. This movie starts from the beginning and it is on the way to become independent film. It can be suitable for every watcher. In usually boring summer cinemas are pretty emptied and Hollywood doesn't have anything special to offer. After Transformers 3 and Harry Potter you will may beg for some "extreme" and innovative movie. Last year we had Inception and this year another intelligent SF thriller can be this one. Set in the modern world its plot is rising in some normal pace and in 100 minutes it will offer you really interesting and sometimes detailed story that will make you curious. What I like is the fact that movie doesn't impose some special style and everyone can enjoy. Sometimes it is touching,sometimes wild but it is never out of the limits. Directing was quite good and every detail is showed decently. James Franco in leading role didn't show some creative acting like in 127 Hours and Frida Pinto is pushed in the corner because of scenario that revolves mostly around apes. Maybe it seems like it is too short but I can guarantee that from very first minutes you will enjoy in show of intelligence,CGI,cast and action. Like the real movie it contains details and some centre and everything nicely set around it. You shouldn't miss this movie and you shouldn't have dilemma between this movie and some child games like Cowboys and Aliens or Harry Potter.
평점: 8	리뷰: This is not worth 80 mil or 90 mil, what could humans do with that money remake a remake of a remake that should not have been re made. Tim Burton a guy who could be given 90 million, but a 2nd time director with a b movie writer would come up with this film. . is the original still the best of the lot at least it was about humans. The whole point of the film when it was written was about military and blowing up the world. Now we have a virus and a few apes in SF, there are not a 188 apes in total in the Bay area. The biggest flaw of the movie and have an above avg. IQ is that when you are smart you know violence is not a solution to any problem, and a bad remake is not a solution for a sterile Hollywood. The film from Hollywood just keep getting more and more pathetic. Pass on this watch the old ones on TV. Plot holes the size of a statue of liberty, badly written by humans, poor casting of humans, poor directing of humans a waste of money and my time. Love, peace and flowers. Made by apes for apes.
평점: 9	리뷰: Okay I've never been a fan of any previous Planet of the Apes. So going into this I wasn't expecting much, but it totally blew my socks away! The graphics are so amazing and extremely realistic. The plot was very strong and very entertaining. Offcourse you must have an open mind and enjoy watching Sci-Fi movies in order to enjoy it the most. James Franco just keeps on amazing me in every movie after Spider man. I even liked him in Your Highness in which the entire cast was just goofing off.Rise of the Planet of the Apes is the perfect movie to say goodbye to summer. Amazing Graphics, Excellent plot, Brilliant Cast, and most of all Brilliant visionary Director.
평점: 9	리뷰: I went into this movie with the highest of expectations... and as a huge fan of the original film, a prequel seamed like a step in the right direction for the series.However, optimistically, this movie only really works (imo) if they develop the story into a new trilogy... because otherwise it simply doesn't feel completed. The film has all the bells and whistles of a Summer Blockbuster, thanks to Franco and the amazing CGI staff from Avatar and LOTR... but it lacked the deepness I was hoping for. Unclear motives, lack of character development, and unfinished sub-plots leave the audience wanting more and getting less. From a "prequel-point-of-view" I don't think I would have given this such a high rating. As a reboot of a popular franchise... it certainly has a lot more potential, and hopefully (some better writing?) makes it work.Overall, the movie is worth early-bird pricing to both fans of the older films, and newcomers alike.
평점: 9	리뷰: Of all the movies that can possibly be re-booted......why reboot another movie that's already been re-booted? And of all the projects that the Weta team can possibly tackle, why this one? Well it must be the script, because everyone that's come across it has wanted to be somewhat involved. Hopefully it lives up to the expectations that are already in place, because i don't think i could handle another stink bomb like Burton's version.Finally......a summer movie that's actually WORTH your summer dollar. Almost every element of this film is pitch perfect. Just what makes this 'oh so' great? Allow me to explain....Judging from the preview, i thought the movie to be a little too relative to the concept from "Deep Blue Sea". But this movie takes a much more different route with their Alzheimer's approach. Needless to say, they did a much better job than that movie.....obviously.I know most people may be scratching their heads to this comment, but in my opinion, this is easily the most well written script of the year thus far. It's intelligent, thought provoking, emotional, and damn well entertaining. What makes this so good is the progression of the main ape 'Ceaser' (heh, ironic name), and his journey from a curious and smart ape, into an upset ape that realizes the harsh realities of being treated like an animal. It's now easy to see just why everyone jumped on board when they read this. I kid you not, i actually got goosebumps from this movie, and that rarely happens.And once again, the Weta team did a phenomenal job with their brilliant special effects. Andy Serkis who has already done work like this before in 'Lord of Rings' and 'King Kong', out preformed most actors in Hollywood without barely saying a word. Is it wrong to say that a man in a blue suit with dots all over him, imitating an ape is so far the best actor i've seen this year? Uh.....not at all. Trust me, see the movie, and you'll understand why.Bottom Line.......not only is this easily the best movie of the summer, i will go as far as saying it's the best movie i have seen so far this year. Yes, it is THAT good. Like i said earlier, almost every element of this movie is pitch perfect. The writing, the acting, the special effects.....all done to near perfection. It some people's eyes, this is called a reboot. However, it feels more like a prequel. But judging from what i just saw, i hope to god that they make more of these, because it literally just blew my mind.
평점: 9	리뷰: To sum it up, a very powerful film falling just short of being a masterpiece. However, the only flaw in the film is that the film could have been just a bit longer! I am really hoping for a director's cut because there should have been a few more character development scenes between father and son, boyfriend and girlfriend, and even Ape and Human. I felt the movie was paced a bit too quickly but nevertheless, still contains very fleshed out characters driven by excellent performances throughout, from Lithgow, to Franco, to Cox and especially by Andy Serkis.Cesar is by far the best animated character in the history of cinema. His facial expressions tell it all! You feel his rage, his fear, and his child like innocence through his wonderfully animated eyes. Not only is the C.G.I. good, but the character is written very well in general. You will go through all of those emotions yourself as you witness his journey. All I can say is that I now know why I try to walk my dog without a leash as much as possible. This movie just confirmed it for me! Through the film, you will understand what Cesar is feeling and why. The invisible character of the film is humanity itself, and at times, feels like a study of human nature.Plot wise, it is very well told. I thought there was nothing cheesy about the script, although not as intelligent as the original, but not dumb either. There is some science fiction in the film, and other than the experimental drug, there was some other surprising Science fiction plot elements in it too which might lead into the sequel; if there is one of course, and I think there will be.For the skeptics who think the film would be cheesy seeing all the apes battle armed policemen then think again. I too, was a bit skeptical at first, wondering how the apes would defeat an entire police force, but when you watch the film your doubts would dissipate. Just remember the physical ability of apes and how powerful the apes are, and how much more powerful they would be if they had brains! The action was very good, but as good as it was, I'd trade it in for more plot development. There were a bit too many plot jumps in the last 30 minutes, but all in all, it was directed very, very well. Coupled with a good score, mellow at times, but highly dramatic which heightens the tension. Speaking of tension, there is a lot of it in this film. If you're an animal lover like I am, then be warned; You will be in tears 30 seconds into the opening scene.I also wanted to mention the original film even though it's tough to compare the two. This is an origins story that actually makes the original better. The original was more about the plot than the characters and they each stand apart and alone with their own merits and flaws. It was nice to see a few homages to the old classic, and don't be surprised if you see a character from the original as well. I highly doubt this film will disappoint the fans of the original and TV series! It will have you climbing trees!
평점: 9	리뷰: Rise of the Planet of the Apes (1:45, PG-13) — SF, 2nd string, sequelBefore ever walking in the front door of the theater, you know from the title alone how this movie is going to end, so it's not as if there's much suspense. About the only mystery is "What happened to the humans?", and you can figure out by about halfway thru the pic which of the 2 likeliest hypotheses is the one to put your money on.It's a straight-line plot with not a lot of dialog, imaginative or otherwise, so it's all about the execution, which is pretty good.James Franco gets top billing, but this is Andy Serkis's picture —he's the eponymous character, gets most of the screen time, and delivers the most moving and nuanced performance — for all the good it's going to do him come Oscar time. The Academy will undoubtedly screw him again the way they did after he lit up the screen as Gollum/Smeagol. Franco plays Will Rodman, the earnest researcher whose sympathies for the unfortunate (including his increasingly senile dad) overwhelm his professional ethics regarding the ALZ-112 brain juice he's working on, and Serkis is Caesar, the world's 2nd chimp to attain human-level intelligence. (The 1st, his mother Bright Eyes, meets an early untimely end defending her newborn chimplet.)After watching the humans treating the chimps like, well, animals, it's hard to avoid rooting for our extremely distant furry cousins, but there are plenty of cautionary cues on both sides of the burgeoning conflict that go unnoticed or minimized until it's too late.Poor Tom Felton gets another thankless role here, but fan fave Tyler Labine does just fine with his minimal stint as the chief chimp handler. Freida Pinto and John Lithgow give perfectly good performances in all-too-brief appearances. But, as I said, it's Andy Serkis's movie, and he's excellent.
평점: 9	리뷰: To be honest, I didn't have the highest of expectations when I first heard of this movie. However, after seeing the reviews of this film, I figured I would risk going to a midnight showing of it. I was not disappointed. Even though I've only seen half of Tim Burton's attempt at it and none of the original movie, I still found it to be satisfyingly understandable in its delivery. The CGI used to create the apes, while not absolutely perfect, is impressive. You can feel the emotions expressed by the creatures, and the CGI-to-human interactions are believable, unlike some movies (**cough**Scooby-Doo**cough**). The story is superb, and the transition of Caesar from curious baby chimp to the leader of hundreds is done well. Unlike many, many movies, this one does not suffocate the viewer with a bunch of useless "fluff" and dragged-out scenes (Like Transformers 3, which contained a scene that seemed to take hours in which they're in a falling building), and rather keeps things short, concise, and satisfying. The ending left me wanting more, and I pray that this is the beginning of a thrilling reboot rather than a one- time prequel. It's a must-see summer film.
평점: 1	리뷰: I have to say as a prelude to writing this that I have never really felt compelled to write a review for a movie before, but I felt it necessary to make up for the absolute trauma I experienced in watching this movie. So, you've been warned. Now to the review.The CGI was quite well done, but also exceedingly, painfully obvious that the chimps were not chimps at all. The CGI was the high point of the movie, it was all downhill from there.The acting was woeful, but I guess this stemmed in large part from the absolutely horrifically done screenplay... where all of the characters were gross parodies of their counterparts in real life.The science of the movie was a parody, the motivations of the actors unbelievable, the relationship that was supposedly a 6 year one was completely unbelievable and about the only solid relationship that I could actually perceive in the whole movie was the part where the chimp had an intimate relationship between his mouth and one of the suburban bully parodies fingers.Reading the reviews before this (all glowing), I can only say that I'm going to wait some more time before seeing a film next time so as to avoid the cooked up story tales that they have had to tell in order to vote this film as 7.6 - a poor 1 star. Worst movie that I have seen in my living memory.
평점: 2	리뷰: I had no idea how disappointing this film was going to be... someone must have rigged the rating ahead of its release. Wish I could get those hours back. Hoping I can spare others the pain with this review.Science: completely implausible, often laughable Character development: patchy and contradictory Motivations: fake and unbelievable CGI: brilliant! The only saving grace of the film Music: incredibly predictable, without any subtlety, was jarring a lot Acting: very ordinary Overall this film has underestimated the intelligence of its viewers or perhaps it didn't care for patronising. Or film makers thought all movie goers are really quite stupid.For those who are used to sci-fi, even reasonably OK sci-fi, this is bound to be a big disappointment: it's crude, implausible and cringe worthy throughout. The premise and the CGI could have propelled this film further if it wasn't bogged down by bad screenplay, bad dialogue, bad acting, bad music and maltreatment of every sacred tenet of good sci-fi. The plot appeals to emotions but leaves the intellect starving.
평점: 2	리뷰: Rise of the Apes is a convoluted mess that has received unwarranted praise simply because people seem to be studying the CGI monkeys and are forgetting that they are suppose to tell a story at the same time. It's true that's it's a disturbing story but it's more disturbing that it's presented in this fashion and people think of it as entertainment. Are some critics in the can for this one? Why else would they praise this crap? The movie and the concept are as ridiculous as one might expect. I mean, not just bad but actually laughably ridiculous. This "smart" monkey revolt would've and could've been put down easily and when a film crosses that believability line, it never comes back. I guess we had to get to the start of "The Planet of the Apes" somehow but they hammer it home in such a brainless fashion that maybe the writers of this film need smart serum. The first two acts are poorly paced but if you like a final act where fake looking chimps and gorillas break stuff then this is your movie.
평점: 2	리뷰: Rise of the Planet of Apes - 9/10What can I say? It is definitely one of the best movies of the year. The storyline, cinematography, acting, action, and the little humor there was, is brilliant. I didn't notice the music much. It plays with your emotions, and it does it well. It is more than a popcorn flick... it is a popcorn flick with an amazing story, and everything I listed. This is a movie where you are going to root for the apes, because most of the main human characters are jerks. And they are meant to be. You can see why the apes are doing what they are doing, and you begin to root for them, and feel for them. Especially the main ape Caesar. SPOILERS AHEAD!!!There were also some very shocking moments. If you are familiar with the series, the iconic line is in the movie, and it could not have been delivered better... and by Tom Felton himself. I'll talk about Tom Felton a bit. He is an ASS in this movie. You will hate his guts. He gets his comeuppance for it, and it is a brilliant scene when it happens. I've known some people with Alzheimer's, so that part of the story is very emotional to me as well.Over all, it is a must see movie, and if you know the past Planet of the Apes movies, you will see many connections you will recognize them. Also, stay for the credits, there is a scene in the middle of them that hints at a sequel!
평점: 8	리뷰: When I went to see Rise of the Planet of the Apes at midnight I wasn't really sure what to expect. I sort of thought it would either be really good, or really bad, not in between. Luckily it was a very well done film. In a movie like this it is so easy to make it cheesy or stupid but they did a great job of keeping it somewhat grounded. I was constantly on the edge of my seat waiting to see what would happen next and can honestly say I was never bored during the entirety of the movie. I'd say anyone who is a fan of the Apes franchise should see this movie, and would even take it a step further and say that anyone who is a fan of good movies should see it. Excellent film.9/10
평점: 7	리뷰: I just got back from the theater and I was pleasantly surprised about how good the film was.CHARACTERS AND ACTING: In all honesty, the worst part of the film is the characters. Franco's role comes off as an unlikable pet freak and his girlfriend is completely useless. I really wish Franco would do better, especially coming off his performance in 127 Hours. The acting was average, but coming into this film expecting to see Nicholsonesque acting wouldn't be a smart mindset.DIALOGUE: The dialogue fits the characters well. Except 3-4 lines in the movie are come off as extremely cheesy. "You stupid monkey!". The last line of the film is the worst. The famous "damned dirty ape" line is awful coming from a feminine, asshole character. They have ruined the legacy of the quote.PLOT: Excellent idea for a prequel to the Planet of the Apes. I don't want to give out too much, but it works well.SPECIAL EFFECTS: Wow, the CGI apes were great, and I hate CGI with a fiery passion. This is definitely the current front runner for the Best Visual Effects Academy Award. The film is also edited magnificently.The last 30-40 minutes is filled with heart pounding action. Seriously, it's like watching your inner rage spill on to the screen after you find out your whore wife cheats on you, except with chimpanzees. The film should have ended about 5-10 minutes sooner. It dragged on a bit, but it's nothing too bad.
평점: 10	리뷰: I am so surprised and still pondering on this movie....this is such a marvel. Even though a work of fiction this movie made me think of our ancestors and how did we the humans or homo sapient of today mutate out of the early apes to become such highly evolved beings of this time, today.The whole experience of this movie was great.Plot 9/10 Acting:8/10 Graphics : 10/10 Emotional flow: 9/10 Expressional details : 9/10I recommend this movie to all and hands down to the amazing graphics. 10 on 10Please note.THIS NOT KING KONG OR SOME SEQUEL TO A MOVIE OF PAST.thanks.
평점: 10	리뷰: this movie is a solid flick loved the story the action was OK and i love how it tied into the other ape films (you have to pay attention). this is my only second time reviewing a movie the other was transformers 2. both of these movies let me down so big that i had to write something.can Hollywood please just make a rated R movie without fear that kids wont go and see it? i mean honestly kids play more violent video games for 5 hours a day then they would get to see in a movie! what is the harm? this movie could have been so much better!!!! just give it a little darker edge to it some violence or heres a crazy thought apes that wanted to kill men? no more pg13 for me
평점: 1	리뷰: This movie makes those old cheesy sequels of Planet of the Apes (Beneath, Return, Battle etc.) look like masterpieces of writing. So much of the film is unbelievable (and I wanted to believe!) The chimp pound, where they confine Ceasar (the main chimp) is huge with a large area for the chimps to play in(Bob Barker would be proud). No city would ever build such a place. And the chimp pound has literally hundreds of unwanted chimps...REALLY? Could any city afford to keep them? And later when the chimps escape, humans can't control them? Well, maybe because it takes place in San Francisco, the authorities can't carry guns and they are not allowed to shoot them.Anyone who lives in San Francisco must of laughed when they took the chimp for an outing in Muir woods and NOBODY was there. Hey, Muir woods is a big tourist attraction and there are always hundreds of people there.Didn't I see a helicopter blow up in a spectacular fashion, and seconds later it's still in one piece (although slightly damaged).What was that whole thing about man going to Mars...the writers seemed to make a big deal about that and nothing developed from it.And, who are we to root for?. Certainly not the chimps, who seem mean and vengeance driven. I was hoping they would all be eliminated. Certainly not the James Franco character, who endangers the neighborhood by keeping this chimp who seems not to be able to control himself (a neighbor who was just protecting his kids is made out to be a jerk---I would have done the same thing for the safety of my kids).The truly cheesy predictable ending is a real cheat because this movie is then revealed as PART ONE.And please tell the writers to see the original...mankind's demise was not due to a virus killing everyone...it was due to our penchant for war.
평점: 7	리뷰: Before I begin, there is something I need to get off my chest. Riseof the Planetof the Apes? I can understand the producers' desire to link this film with the rest of the series, but I'm sure audiences would've made the same connection if it was just called Rise of the Apes. But fear not, because an overly clunky, lame title is by far the worst aspect of this movie. It falls short of replicating the thematic genius of the original, yet wipes the floor with Tim Burton's ridiculous remake. Will Rodman (James Franco) is a medical scientist tasked with creating a cure for Alzheimer's disease, a formula that to date has only been tested on apes. Its success is determined by measuring a primate's increased intelligence, but after one subject flips out and is killed, Will takes in her baby and raises the chimp as a son. Noticing that his mother has passed the effects of the drug genetically to young Caesar, Will is shocked to see just how extensive the side effects are, resulting in Caesar developing a mind far beyond any ape, as well as typically human traits such as empathy and compassion, leading to a bond between the chimp and Will's Alzheimer's-afflicted father Charles (John Lithgow).Although personally considered one of the best up-and-coming actors in the business, Franco doesn't have to extend his acting chops here, nor does on- screen girlfriend Frieda Pinto. The criminally underused Lithgow does well in a small role, but it is Andy Serkis, as the man behind the computer-generated Caesar, who steals the show. I suppose this was to be expected (he did Gollum, after all) but I was constantly amazed at how brilliantly a human could not only mimic the movement of an animal, but also invoke real audience empathy for what is just an animated image.The short runtime of the film (approximately 105 minutes) is accommodated by excellent pacing. Certainly, Rise of the Apes is aware of its status as a blockbuster, so almost by definition the movie must move quickly, but this is juxtaposed by the slow, progressive development of Caesar, inserting realism into an area I was expecting would just be glossed over by director Rupert Wyatt. Caesar starts out learning basic life skills, but as he ages, his genetic mutation teaches him complex talents such as intimidation, manipulation, violence and dominance. By the end of the film, he has become the leader of a downtrodden civilisation, spreading his anti-human propaganda for the sake of fulfilling an ambitious plan.Here we have a film in which the ending is inherently obvious even before the opening credits roll. The joy comes from exactly how it arrives to that conclusion. I was expecting a big, dumb, battle-for-survival movie going in, but Apes remains grounded in the sheer art of storytelling for the most part, saving the final battle for a very enjoyable climactic set piece. As one friend stated, you almost become a fan of the apes by the third act, if only to see just how they go about their hostile takeover. In fact, even the final scene does not try to be too excessive, striking a perfect balance between suspension of disbelief and a grounding in reality.To those who may not buy into the premise entirely, I assure you that the vast majority of the plot is explained logically, and any sudden escalation of the story is accounted for with reason for a character's actions or development. As mentioned earlier, Caesar does not immediately become a walking, talking, weapon-wielding ape but instead grows slowly. This is beneficial in justifying the extremities and complexities in his character that have become apparent by film's end. The movie works in certain scenes that hint to the original, both in terms of imagery and the shift in power from apes to humans, which is a nice touch. It does not quite match the thought-provoking nature of the 1968 sci-fi masterclass, but adds a cautionary, self-conscious element to the blockbuster, certainly welcomed by this movie fan, resulting in a final product I would not hesitate in recommending.*There's nothing I love more than a bit of feedback, good or bad. So drop me a line on jnatsis@iprimus.com.au and let me know what you thought of my review.*
평점: 7	리뷰: If you're like me, you will be completely fascinated by the story of this film. I'm a big fan of Planet of the Apes and to get to see its origins is really great. Out of the entire series of movies, I think this one truly is the best. It was just absolutely spectacular! The actors delivered fine performances for their well developed characters; the writers, Rick Jaffa and Amanda Silver, didn't miss a beat with their fantastic and intelligent script; and the story was compelling, exciting and emotionally touching.The star of the film is an ape named Caesar (whose emotions were brought to life brilliantly by Andy Serkis) who is the baby of an ape that was tested on for scientist Will Rodman's (James Franco) research in an effort that resulted in a way for the brain to heal itself, and what could possibly be the cure for Alzheimer's; a disease very personal for him because his father (John Lithgow) suffers from it -- even though Rodman is warned not to let personal issues get in the way of science. The drug also had another affect... it lead to the development of intelligence in apes. As Caesar grows older and smarter, though, he becomes more aware, questioning who and what he is. It is during an incident that causes Caesar to be separated from Will, in a feeling of abandonment, and then being mistreated by Dodge Landon (Tom Felton) at a shelter that ultimately leads to a hurt and confused Caesar plotting for revenge.. what becomes a war for primacy.Unlike the Planet of the Apes films from the past, this one did not have people running around in ape suits but instead presented us with CGI primates, emotional performances captured from actors. If I hadn't known it were CGI, though, I would have sworn that they were real apes. They were brilliant! Director Rupert Wyatt did a wonderful job of connecting this prequel to the first film, really catching every little detail and even littered respectful homages to the original throughout the entire film. Honestly, I just loved finding out what lead to the great ape takeover. And as I mentioned before, the script was just wonderful and made for a thought provoking and emotionally driven thrill ride!
평점: 8	리뷰: The one thing that always made the "Planet of the Apes" a bit campy was actors in make up and monkey suits. So in one instance, here's where technology, specifically the use motion- capture technology as seen in "Avatar," can almost single-handedly justify revisiting an old franchise. But the apes of "Rise of the Planet of the Apes" don't just look amazing — they have souls. So does this script, which delivers one of the summer's biggest surprises in terms of pure entertainment and depth of storytelling.Unlike the "Transformers" franchise, where giant steel-crushing robots have gotten lost in inane plots driven by pointless human characters, "Rise" keeps the primates as an almost exclusive focus. Somewhere close to the midpoint, humans even take a back seat to the captivating ape-centered story arcs crafted by writers Rick Jaffa and Amanda Silver. Not only do apes most definitely rise in this movie, but they also do so with clear tremendous purpose. The story of how a potential cure for Alzheimer's went out of control couldn't be more crystal clear, as is the reasoning that inspires an ape named Caesar to incite a rebellion.James Franco plays scientist Will Rodman, who's experimenting with his Alzheimer's cure on apes. His most recent tests show incredible cognitive abilities in one ape and so he makes a presentation to the company's board asking for permission to test the drug on humans. Things go wrong during the presentation, however, when the ape goes, well — ape — and on display for the whole lab. The apes are ordered to be put down and Franco's entire operation gets shut down.However, the trial ape had been hiding a newborn baby. Will secretly takes it home where his father (John Lithgow) suffers from Alzheimer's. Turns out the chimp, which his father names Caesar, inherited the cognitive abilities of the drug through its mother. As Caesar grows and exhibits tremendous mental growth (including helping Will land an otherwise pointless girlfriend in Freida Pinto), Will desperately tests the drug on his father and suddenly he has hope for the project to continue.This origin story plays out for most of the film, but Caesar ends up becoming the focus. Although he says nothing, he generates incredible sympathy through consummate mo-cap actor Andy Serkis (Gollum in "The Lord of the Rings"). Add to that the burgeoning scientific moral dilemma and "Rise" builds quite the captivating story. The turning points for Caesar that result in and arise from his inhumane captivity all wield the impact that pivotal moments should carry in all films. Despite a story that originated almost 45 years ago, the script lays this perfect and scientifically reasonable foundation for the "Planet of the Apes" we already know. The only thing that feels like a reach is the speed with which the apes develop certain tactical abilities once they all receive the drug.Director Rupert Wyatt definitely understands the script handed to him as he provides the appropriate magnitude to these effective plot points and knows how to create mouth-agape moments. When Oyewolo's character arrives at the lab cafeteria to find a bunch of tables overturned, Wyatt pans up to reveal he's surrounded by apes. There's no reason to think they weren't there waiting for him, but we're caught off guard just long enough to know he better make a run for it. Those are the "glory shots" that make a true blockbuster.Much of the action used to promote the movie comes in the film's final act, which uses all the slowly building tension from scenes showing cruelty toward the apes in the second act to fuel the fire. With such strong motivation accumulated during these first two chunks of the film, the action doesn't have to be that explosive or visceral in order to be effective. Apes tearing humans limb for limb would have certainly made for a more interesting film to say the least, but "Rise" manages to get away with the tamer action due to all the powerful setup and Wyatt provokes some imagination-inspired gore. In addition, the fact that the apes just knock people unconscious serves the script's efforts to show how — just like humans — some apes are violent and evil in nature while some are sympathetic and merciful. The film expertly muddles our perception of who to root for in this sense.Considering prequels inherently risk their quality on the fact that we know the end result, it's impressive that "Rise of the Planet of the Apes" maintains our interest consistently throughout. The ending does leave something to be desired because it ends just as the battle between apes and humans seems to be going somewhere, but even though I'm not sure what would happen (or what the title would be for that matter), if the sequel picks up right where this left off — count me in.~Steven C
평점: 10	리뷰: Two months before, I saw the first official trailer of 'Rise of the planet of Apes'. I was not convinced by the first look and I thought , here we go, another old franchise reboot. But then, I saw the second theatrical trailer of the film 2 weeks ago. It was a better version, giving ideas to the plot of the film. It intrigued me and especially the eye of the chief ape character captivated me. I decided then, I have to see this movie.I saw the movie yesterday, it was a incredible movie. Like Avatar, performance capture techniques are used in this film. The actors wear a special suit to captures their facial movements & expression and CGI transforms it to the ape in the screens. While Avatar was exceptional in this, I feel this movie has truly hit home the possibilities of performance capture technology. Gone are the days were complete CGI morphed the characters minus the emotions. With this,a director can give life to anything that moves.Andy Serkis, 'Ceasar' the ape is the main protagonist in the movie and carries the entire movie on its shoulders. Movie shows the transformation of Caesar from a human family chimp to a ape that understands his origin and leads the primates into a new beginning. Andy has done a extra ordinary job, a truly Oscar performance. Frieda Pinto's character does not get much scope in the film. It is Franco & Serkis show all the way. The way the film ended, is a clear sign of sequels. There is a HUGE scope for the sequels and I am already excited about how well it could be. 10 on 10 for 'The Rise of the Planet of Apes' and most entertaining movie of the Year yet.
평점: 9	리뷰: One would not ordinarily have "Planet of the Apes" and "plausible" in the same sentence, but this is as close to plausible as I could have imagined. So often a movie in this genre requires a considerable willingness to suspend disbelief, but this movie doesn't leave you scratching your head.It hits wonderful notes of emotional connection with the lead characters of all species. Nothing says that a film is working more than the gut feeling you get where you have intense hopes and fears for the outcome. It's well-acted; the leads deliver balanced performances that aren't overplayed (except for one malevolent character that would have been improved had there been even a hint of subtlety in the portrayal).As many reviews have indicated, the nods to the original movie are all over the place - smartly inserted so that they trigger your memories without making them seem contrived. They aren't played for humor, so even if you never saw the originals you won't be left in the dark. Rather, these references seem to have been inserted as signs of respect, letting the audience know that the filmmakers realize they are messing with something classic - and their effort is a worthy reboot.
평점: 8	리뷰: I just saw this film and i must say, it was amazing. I was expecting too much but it exceeded everything. The CGI is some of the best i've seen. They apparently CG'd each and every hair on the apes. The characters are all very lovable and you will find yourself attached to Caesar, Maurice, Buck, Cobalt and all the others. I recommend it to anyone who wants to see a great film. The best i've seen in a while.It even presents a great base for the next films to be rebooted. I won't tell you what. Go and see it and you will know what i mean.Also, James Franco plays his role almost effortlessly. Brian Cox, in a small role, does a good job as well.
평점: 9	리뷰: Holy Sh!t! wow, wow, wow, wow, these are the words i said when i was walking with a group of 73 people that came in with me to see it at the 5:20 showing.OK so forget the Tim Burton remake, this newest entry turned out to be a prequel and it did itself a favor and taking in a big breath of fresh air, and it felt so good leaving the theater with a smile on my face.The Acting is GOOD! Andy Serkis as Ceaser the Ape Ruler steals the whole show, even if his character is just a smart ape of the century!The Direction is Bomb pop sizzlingThe Story-Strong! the most emotional story of them all!Overall- GREAT! its a wow! But don't take it too seriously if you're one of those jaded people that will find it cheesy cause for some that aren't into it like most people aren't in movie theater this might not be for you, or if you don't have a strong heart the violence will make the experience ugly for you! The Action is fantastic, but again if your thinking its mild,your wrong its sort of strong so once again if your expecting mild action it may get ugly...really ugly! This is a great movie to watch with your dad, cause i know mine loved as well, heck he even said, its just like how the very first one was...Neat! 9 out of 10!
평점: 9	리뷰: Call me skeptical, but when I first heard about a prequel to the original Planet of the Apes, I kind of took it as a joke. It was another attempt to cash in on something long gone. Forget that Tim Burton did a terrible job attempting to revive the series. The simple fact of trying to create a prequel about apes taking over the world in our modern day was a bit hilarious. However, word of mouth had me deciding to check this one out. Glad I did, because this was one of the best surprises of a summer that has been full of them. But before that, forget that this relates to the earlier Planet series. While I haven't seen the original, this merely hints at those films. Instead, what we have is really a story about our main character, Ceasar, whose film this obviously is. This may very well be the biggest reason to check this film out. Andy Serkis is fantastic, essentially bringing the ape to life. However, credit must also be served to WETA, who have once again pushed what technology can do in terms of creating life. More than any actor in the film, Ceasar puts on displays of emotion like no other in the film. He is so well crafted that you instantly forget the fact that he isn't even a real ape. It's a new level of an actor being created. This is definitely his film and his story is a fantastic one.While the majority of the hard action comes at the end, there are plenty of wonderful scenes and shots that are loads of fun. Travelling with these apes is a blast and watching Ceasar grow and his interactions with the people around him creates a wonderful coming of age story that easily fits in with any other. Best of all is that nothing is too ridiculous. Sure, the idea of apes taking over the planet is ridiculous in and of itself, but nothing seems so far beyond reach that you can't suspend your disbelief for the film. I do have my gripes with this, but for this film in and of itself, it's a wonderful story about revolution, nature overtaking man, and above all the reasons for rising against oppression. And though Ceasar may eventually lead to mankind's downfall, you can't help but root for the guy after all that has transpired. This not to mention that the final scene is a fantastic bit of action that justifies everything before it, the big payoff as they say.That isn't to say I don't have my gripes. Unfortunately, in an effort to make Ceasar the star, the other actors are downplayed. They are either cliché or boring. Even Franco, who ends up playing second to Ceasar, is pretty boring. While I still dig the guy, this was not his big film, and he mostly just carries it along as the catalyst for what becomes Ceasars's show. The one bright bulb is John Lithgow, who plays the father part well and it is quite enjoyable seeing him in something this big. My other major gripe has to do with the overall premise. No matter how hard I try, and no matter how good the film may be, I still find it hard to believe that this lays the ground for a planetary takeover of apes. It's just not that believable and that is a problem as, coming out of the theater, I had to kind of shake my head. But, these are minor gripes compared to the what's good. Some fantastic cinematography and shots, a wonderful story, and Andy Serka's wonderful performance of Ceasar make this not only a wonderful summer surprise, but one of the best films of the summer.
평점: 7	리뷰: Finally a good newer remake that can actually relate to the original when i saw the previews i thought the movie looked okay but after seeing it my thoughts have changed the graphics were great they actually looked like real apes with a great storyline it still relates to the original but with some differences this movie really did a good job at sticking to its story and you could really relate to the apes and you felt bad for them the characters have great personality's and good stories for them all overall this movie was very good only at some parts it got boring other than that it is definitely going into my movie collection
평점: 8	리뷰: To begin, i would just like to state that i am a huge fan of the original planet of the apes. with that said, this movie contains all the elements i loved about the original, but in a modernized sense. it contains many great throwbacks to the original, such as the ape's behaviour, famous dialogue, and even references to the original characters. this movie is a must see for anyone who enjoyed the original.i must admit i was worried about the presentation of the apes in this film as i was rather fond of the original ape makeup. however the cgi apes are astonishing to say the least. Andy Serkis is obviously used to playing apes (as he was Kong in King Kong[2005]) and its good to see him play his part as both believable as an ape, but also a character we can relate to as a human.As for acting, it was strong but there were a few weak links. James Franco is great as Will Rodman, and he plays it strong throughout. he is very emotive and you can feel what he feels by his expression. Freida Pinto on the other hand does a far less believable job. Her performance is mediocre at best, she was one of the few things that brought this movie down for me, due to her blank expression, poor emotion, and overall unenjoyable portrayal of her character. Others give great supporting performances such as David Oyelowo, Tom Felton ( although he basically plays a role identical to his role as Draco Malfoy), Brian Cox, and Tyler Labine. However my John Lithgow gives my favourite supporting performance by far and it is something that is to be appreciated about this film.Finally, the story is very well written. For me, it is almost as good as the original. The slow transformation of the ape Caeser from an innocent, child like figure to a dangerous leader is well portrayed. the slow evolution as the apes learn not to trust humans is nice, and the characters are interestingin short, the movie is well worth your time and i gave it an 8/10
평점: 8	리뷰: 43 Years back, a distant war horn scared the living daylights out of us. It was 1968, when moviegoers across the globe were amazed by the post apocalyptic concept put forth by the sci-fi original 'Planet of the Apes'. Now in 2011, the franchise is getting a reboot as 'Rise of the Planet of the Apes', directed by Rupert Wyatt starring James Franco and Frieda Pinto.The movie tells us the story of Caesar, an ape with a superior intellect and the revolution he initiates. This movie is an origin story unlike the Original version. It creates a platform, from scratch, for a number of sequels to come. Will Rodman (James Franco) is a scientist, who is working on a cure for Alzheimer's Disease by performing tests on apes. The first test subject is a chimpanzee, named Caesar whose mother had been captured in Africa. Rodman's "cure" not only repairs brain cells as they expected to, but it genetically modifies Caesar's way of thinking to create a new breed of ape with human-like intelligence.The movie explains the whole transition in a linear way without any confusing, thought-provoking grandfather paradox. The movie, at times, starts to feel like just another B-movie, but there are moments that make it worth a watch. There are several nods to the original movie in 'Rise of Planet of the Apes'. For Instance, the launch of the space shuttle 'Icarus' is shown on TV at the facility (which was actually the mother ship shown in 'Planet of the Apes'). The over-hyped one liner "Take your stinking paws off me, you damn dirty ape" is in this one as well. And its right before Caesar does. (Oops, Sorry No Spoilers!). A well-thought parallel starter to total human annihilation is also mentioned in the movie.Rupert Wyatt's direction is excellent. CGI by Weta is Top notch. Andy Serkis once again wears an Ape Motion Track Suit to play Caesar. Weta uses their state of the art technology to give the primates emotions and physical details as like we have never experienced before. Sound Design is brilliant and so is the Cinematography.by Mahesh Ravi Editor www.movierecycle.com
평점: 8	리뷰: Movie review on Rise of the Planet of the Apes by Shant Salkhorian If you're like me, a frequent moviegoer. You learn to appreciate a good story rather than just eye candy or lots of fire works. I'm a big fan of Planet of the Apes and to see its origins is truly awesome! Out of the entire series of Planet of the Apes, I think this one really showed us some gold. It was just spectacular!Yes, this film had a lot of great CGI. I am not a huge fan for special effects but if I had no idea the apes were all done by CGI experts, they could have fooled. The apes looked real! The actors delivered fine performances for their well developed characters, I personally loved James Franco's performance. The writers, Rick Jaffa and Amanda Silver, did not miss any information with their fantastic and intelligent script, the characters were wonderfully developed. The story was compelling, exciting and emotionally touching. I was able to really connect with the apes. Overall, this film had me connected and concerned from the second it had begun. Great acting! Great script! Awesome Cinematography! And incredible CGI! If you are a fan of Planet of the Apes then you will love this film! I give this a wild 8 out of 10 for the strong compelling story and the wonderful thrill ride! This is a summer movie that simply must be seen!
평점: 8	리뷰: Like many others, when I first saw the title of the film, I thought "great, another cash in".. then I saw the trailer, and thought to myself "actually, this doesn't look half bad". Now that I've seen it I almost wish it didn't have the 'Planet of The Apes' moniker because it is an excellent standalone film and a brilliant example of a summer blockbuster that will appeal to all, but pander to none.This was an excellent counteract to my experience of 'Cowboys & Aliens', which i watched last night.. a film I was really looking forward to, considering the concept and the talent involved, but it was the most cliché ridden piece of lazy film-making I'd seen in some time. I've been in a mood all day, then I went to Planet of The Apes, expecting more selling out.. but what I got was a fresh and original film. There wasn't a single off moment to me in the whole film, If I have any issue, it's that we're barely given a chance to breathe, the pace is relentless. Amazing use of the camera, whether it be real or virtual, and speaking of, WETA have triumphed yet again, and produced some truly outstanding special effects.. in my mind this was one of the best and effective overall uses of CGI.. you genuinely believe these are apes that are becoming intelligent, you really do care more for them than the humans, and that's a real feat. Okay some may say "well Franco isn't exactly the most dynamic fleshed out character".., but this isn't meant to be The English Patient, I honestly think you could have put these apes into 'The Shawshank Redemption', and they still would have stole the show. Either way, best visual effects of the year in my opinion, it really won't be long until we create a completely believable human being... unless of course the Apes take over.. I honestly left the film feeling "I want to be an ape god damn it!".. I wonder if we'll be able to watch the original films in the same way after this. Hope there's a sequel that shows their true rise to power, but as it stands this is an awesome prequel, and a brilliant film.
평점: 9	리뷰: Okay, so I'm normally not impressed by the quality of US movies, but this one really took me by surprise. I really, really enjoyed it! Even more so than the much acclaimed Avatar. The CGI is stunning, but I also got into the story. The emotional factor could have been bumped up a bit further - hence it didn't quite ace it for me, but then again not many movies do nowadays. Not everyone will agree with me on this, but I do think that this movie creates an acceptable introduction to "Planet of the Apes" of which the latest installment was a disaster and looked extremely fake. This prequel has a realness and believability over it.Furthermore the movie also has a message, being don't mess around with genetics and nature, although the intention to cure Alzheimer was a sincere one. Having worked for WWF (World Wildlife Fund for Nature) for a number of years this movie also made me realize how far we got detached from our nearest "relatives": the primates. I still wonder why we developed a higher intelligence, as we only seem to be making a terrible mess on this planet. Anyway... go and see this movie! You'll enjoy it! I promise!
평점: 9	리뷰: When the first few minutes of this film began, I was under the impression that the character development was going to be weak, the storyline underdeveloped and filled with gaps, and that I had been duped into watching a famous-because-of-it's- predecessor film. While I may have doubted any substantial character interaction between a cgi ape and it's male owner, and while there may have been some gaps in the early and foundation-laying parts of the film, I actually left the theatre pleasantly surprised.I don't know what I was expecting going in, but I have to admit that the cgi ape threw me off just a bit. What I was more surprised with was the depth of character that was played by a silent ape. From Inherited intelligence at birth to leader of an ape rebellion, from solving puzzles to sign language, from living at home to adapting to live with his own kind, the ape's development is quite remarkable. Sharing the lead role with James Franco (which I also did not expect), the role of Ceasar played by the ape is remarkable.James Franco, on the other hand, plays an almost secondary role to Ceasar. His character stays mostly flat for the entire film. The interaction between him and his out-of- the-blue-acquired-girlfriend is so light and frivolous that I can't even remember her name. However, I felt that the motivation for this researcher's (played by Franco) work was set up very well. There are moments of passion, but all in all, little development.While I felt as if I was put on a bullet train for the first few scenes of the movie, being rushed through Ceasar's early life and development, in retrospect, the story slowed down for the more important parts of the story. What was most critical to the story was the ape's journey from living with humans, to adapting to live with his own kind; from childhood innocence to the harsh reality of life. Lastly, I thought the connections to The Planet of the Apes was great. There are several starting with the ape characters themselves, to apes riding horseback, to fire hoses, etc.. As with any prequel, this adds another dimension of interest.To sum it up, this movie is very entertaining, centring around the character of Ceasar. Any shortcomings in plot lag, or flat acting are made up in the overall flow of the story. I would recommend this movie to anyone, including families as there is no swearing (that I remember), or sex, or drugs of any kind. Although if you are uncomfortable with some animal cruelty, be warned.
평점: 7	리뷰: I've been a die-hard fan of the old PLANET OF THE APES franchise since the early '70s, and have been starved for a very long time by wanting this series to start up fresh again and return "Apemania" to the fold. I had my fingers crossed ten years ago when Tim Burton undertook the 2001 reboot, but it turned out to be an abomination and an insult. I'm pleased to say that RISE OF THE PLANET OF THE APES is much better than Burton's idiotic mess. Some viewers already seem to place RISE as some kind of prologue to the original 1968 Charlton Heston classic, but I prefer to think of it as a separate, unrelated storyline which hopefully will make enough money to inspire a followup and possibly a whole new saga all its own. RISE stars James Franco as a young scientist experimenting with a cure for Alzheimer's, which his dad (John Lithgow) suffers from. He reaches a promising level of success, and when testing the cure on apes, it results in a super-intelligent pet chimpanzee named Caesar (played by Andy Serkis, with CGI enhancement). Caesar demonstrates smarts and a communicative ability, and is loved by Franco, but ultimately is taken from him and mistreated in a caged environment with his fellow simians. Caesar becomes more enraged as he is dealt one indignity after another, and it's no surprise by the film's title to say that he initiates a massive ape revolt.This is basically an enjoyable popcorn film, though it's nowhere near as cerebral as the original five-chapter series was. Andy Serkis does an impressive turn as the lead ape Caesar, in a part only semi-replicating Roddy McDowall's performance in CONQUEST OF THE PLANET OF THE APES. James Franco makes a so-so lead, even if it's sometimes hard to believe he can accomplish such medical wonders. John Lithgow is properly sympathetic as Franco's suffering dad. Freida Pinto is completely forgettable in a very under-written part. Some of the lead apes in this film are played by a few actors enhanced through "CGI Capture", but otherwise are CGI creations all together. As far as CG technology goes, it's a pretty good job here -- but every now and then I was reminded that I was watching faux images.One thing that was unnecessary to this longtime ApesFan were all the "wink-wink" references to the old apes movies; nearly everyone in the movie is named after someone associated with the original film ("Franklin," "Jacobs", "Dodge"), and when they revisit a couple of popular classic lines, it made me cringe. (They had re-used one of them even in Burton's movie. Why do they feel compelled to stoop to that?). While nothing great, RISE OF THE PLANET OF THE APES is a good enough offering with a welcome chunk of heart. It's not exactly clear what heights Caesar and his friends are hoping to accomplish at the end of the story; with any luck, box office receipts will make that more fleshed out in a sequel. *** out of ****
평점: 7	리뷰: I was really looking forward to seeing Rise of the Planet of the Apes, because I can recall as a child having seen a number of these ape based stories and they never seemed to really explain how this all came about. I wanted to see this story for the nostalgia factor and to see if it would align with the classics or the Mark Wahlberg version. It turned out to be more in tuned with the classics. This film does explain what happened to elevate the apes to the dominate species and in this age of scientific and technological advancement, the origin was completely plausible. Will Rodman (James Franco) is the antithesis of the mad scientist, but his obsession with finding a cure for degenerative brain disorders puts him right in that category. I was struck by how far he kept going in his quest for a cure while totally ignoring every single hint or warning. And his girlfriend Caroline Aranha (Frieda Pinto) was no help with the moral compass, she only once in five years questioned his ethics. Speaking of people behaving badly, Tom Felton (Dodge Landon) wasted no time putting himself out there with a persona other than Draco Malfoy, he did a respectable job with the American accent, and the trivia relative to his character's name is pretty cool. There was a lot of painstaking character development given to Caesar (Andy Serkis) that I didn't find necessary, it seemed to take forever to get to the climatic freeway bridge scene. Are chimps indigenous to the San Francisco Bay Region or did the residents go through some pet rock or rather pet chimp phase? The novelty of being a chimp owner must have worn off and then they called animal control to come and get their apes. There were so many apes that I finally just said 'oh come on, really?'. The special effects were nicely done, especially the freeway bridge scene. I thought about how many times I have seen that bridge destroyed in other movies and really expected to see Caesar pull out some C-4 or something and blow the bridge to get the humans off his trail, just kidding, although he did pull off some antics that were a bit much. Right, right I know heightened intelligence. I was quite satisfied with the adult Caesar's appearance, he looked remarkably realistic, the younger version of Caesar not so much. I came very close to giving this film a green light to match the enhanced ape's eyes, but decided on an amber light instead.
평점: 7	리뷰: The overall movie was pretty good, very well written, but took forever to get into. On to of that before the movie I was trying to figure out is this a new way the planet of the apes was going or were they changing the store because this is not how the original said everything started. The CGI was fantastic and the acting was pretty good not amazing but good. I honestly thought it was going to be better then it was I got all excited to see it, and I was a little disappointed. Not saying don't go see it because it is worth seeing. It certainly had the story line to keep you watching and wondering, the whole movie. But I was just disappointed by the ending of the film more then anything.
평점: 8	리뷰: This is essentially a B movie dressed up with an expensive production budget and an A-list cast. The events are simplistic and predictable, with nary a plot twist in the entire 105 minutes. Don't get me wrong, in spite of the predictability, the movie is still entertaining as all get out. As the action unfolds we clearly witness a detailed evolution that leads to a climatic battle. The buildup is beautifully done. The machinations are far fetched, but the intellectual advances of the chimps are presented in a most credible fashion. Not only will you accept a chimp could acquire super intelligence, but you'll cheer their ascension to power.The tale's allure is thanks in no small part to the principal chimpanzee's emotionally engaging portrayal. Dispensing with makeup applied to human actors that has been the method in past installments, this reboot relies on major strides in computer technology to create the simian characters. The star chimpanzee, Caesar, is a brilliant use of CGI created from a motion-capture performance by Andy Serkis. Renowned as Gollum from The Lord of the Rings trilogy, he's crucial to the enjoyment of this science fiction. I'd actually go as far to say the full picture's success rests with him. It's a wonderfully expressive depiction. Caesar has an emotional progression that is comprehensive. A revolt becomes logical because his emotional trajectory is so believable. We truly mind what happens to this central figure since we're emotionally invested in his growth. Even a simple scene where he corrects the way Will's father holds a fork, is remarkably poignant.
평점: 8	리뷰: good movie, better than all the superheroes movie recently. the apes carry the movie very well, much better than all the human casts. the hero ape Caesar should be nominated by best actor for Oscar award. the cgi is damned good, just look at their eyes, it's full of emotion.can't wait to see the next installment how the apes and Caesar take over the world. but for those never know anything about the past "planet of the apes", they might think the ending hanging.one thing need to mention is, according to the original "planet of the apes" the apes didn't conquer the world from human, it's the human kill each other (world war) that destroy the mankind them-self and then the apes rise and take over the world.
평점: 10	리뷰: This "reimagining" of CONQUEST OF THE PLANET OF THE APES owes as much to the telemovie A COLD NIGHT'S DEATH and PROJECT X (and 28 DAYS LATER and 12 MONKEYS, among others) as it does to the Arthur P. Jacobs films. Much of what we see here was unimaginable in Jacobs's day- which is exactly what a "reimagining" should strive to do. RISE OF THE PLANET OF THE APES goes where no Apes movie has gone before, with what John Collier in his 1931 novel HIS MONKEY WIFE called "the suggestion that the kingdom of Heaven and Earth was at hand." In a world where a monkey's head was successfully transplanted to another body (in the early 1970s, by a Dr. White) and where signing apes like Koko the gorilla have actually developed their own words (and where, we've just learned, 2700 new records for high temperatures have been broken in July of this year alone), ANYTHING is possible. "An opportunity soon came," Collier wrote in 1931... (On a field trip, once, my class visited the Washington Zoo. There, I saw a caged gorilla. I walked up to the bars and stood staring in at him. He froze; snarled- and then began screaming at the top of his lungs and bouncing off the walls. It was the scariest thing I think I've ever seen in my life. Take it from me: the LAST thing you want to see is an enraged gorilla all up in your grille...) One of the more curious aspects of RISE OF THE PLANET OF THE APES is that, for all the carnage, it's almost BLOODLESS (unlike the original version, which was considered kiddie fare and therefore a bit TOO bloody). All things considered, it's a worthy "reimagining." Great Apes, indeed.
평점: 10	리뷰: I thought the movie was very emotionally engaging on many levels. It employed a very high sense of non-verbal communication. As other reviews have said, it lacks depth in dialogue, but is a minuscule flaw compared to its strengths. The quality of the animation is without a doubt, on the level of Avatar. Very realistic. Definitely worth a watch at your local theater. The ending is predictable, however, but not bad. If you're a fan of watching chips climb impossibly fast over the Golden Gate Bridge, then you'll love the ending.It was nice to see David Hewlett in this film, albeit only briefly. He played the paranoid neighbor quite well.
평점: 9	리뷰: Rise of the Planet of the Apes can almost be seen as an ad protesting experimentation on animals, apes in particular. Scientists use apes to test experimental drugs, one drug in particular to try and cure Alzheimer's. We watch as certain apes develop higher brain functioning, rivaling that of humans, this is how we meet our story's hero, Caesar. We go from the sadness of seeing Caesar's mother dying trying to protect him from the scientists, to Caesar growing up as actor James Franco's surrogate son, but when Caesar tries to protect his family by attacking another human, Caesar is taken away to an ape sanctuary. Throughout all of this, we feel Caesar's joy as he first climbs a Redwood tree, and we feel his anger and sadness when he is left in a cage by his surrogate father, lending emotional plausibility to Caesar becoming embittered and rising to lead the apes in a revolt against the humans, rioting across San Francisco. What is more impressive is that not a single real ape was in this movie. All of the apes were portrayed by actors in motion capture suits, with their ape exteriors being added on in post production via CGI. The effects work is expertly woven into the story by WETA digital, and there are moments within the movie that even a seasoned eye can barely tell the difference between CGI trickery and a real ape on Animal Planet. This is just a pure spectacle that only a blockbuster can deliver. Tight storytelling, high emotion, and marvelous action, wrapped up into a wonderfully written, solidly directed, immaculate technical showcase.I give Rise of the Planet of the Apes a 9 out of 10!
평점: 9	리뷰: Imagine if DEEP BLUE SEA were called JAWS 5... Although the basic premise of CONQUEST OF THE PLANET OF THE APES is mirrored here, this has nothing to do with THE PLANET OF THE APES franchise, instead centering on a bunch of abused monkeys who deserve a better place to climb.Too much attention is focused on the dream drug that, while being used on experimental chimps, might erase the effects of Alzheimer's in humans, and is what Hitchcock called a McGuffin: the device driving the plot that the audience doesn't care about. It's too bad the writers, and characters herein, cared about nothing else.The eventual breakout of the apelike Alcatraz led by James Franco's research chimp, Caesar, born with the effects of the wonder drug takes way too long to happen. After which the group of angry brutes stomp across a bridge and well let's just say, mankind has nothing to worry about thereafter.Roddy McDowall's Caesar, after taking over the world in CONQUEST, gives a powerful speech that – if Award shows didn't take themselves so seriously back then – should have warranted a nomination. Here we have a bunch of neat looking computerized simians, but none merit enough humanity for the audience to really care about (anymore than a dog or cat).So while the original franchise earned an uprising after three previous films, in this big budget computer-driven reboot, right when things pick up... it's all over.More Reviews: http://cultfilmfreakreviews.blogspot.com
평점: 8	리뷰: Rise of Planet of the Apes (which I will now refer to as Planet for obvious reasons) has had lots of marketing in the last few weeks, and all of it portrays this movie to be a chaotic disaster/action film. Fortunately, while mayhem rears itself in the climax, Planet is more of a suspense drama that tautly engrosses its viewers through expert storytelling, spellbinding performances, a well-wrought script, and stunning visuals.I find no need to give a detailed plot summary, because most of the plot is given away in the trailer. Basically, our hero Will Rodman develops ALZ-112, the cure for Alzheimer's disease, while testing on chimps. However, his key chimp goes bananas and is shot. After the drug is discarded and the apes put down, Will discovers the ape's baby that the drug passed on to and decides to raise it for himself. However, as time passes, the super-smart ape Caesar begins to clash with his neighbors, his origins, and his place in the world.From the beginning, Planet is a thoroughly gripping movie. The dialogue is genuine, the characters are more than relatable, and most of all, the ape visuals are frighteningly real. James Franco lays down a solid performance as Will, and right off the bat makes the viewer care about his character. The co-stars (especially John Lithgow as Will's unfortunate father) also allow the viewers to invest emotionally, but the true star is Andy Serkis's Caesar. From his early playful and curious antics to his shock and fear among the other apes, Andy's digitally rendered performance awes us. When the climax arrives, his presence is downright commanding. That signifies true acting power.The level of design that went into the visual side of Planet is immeasurable. Yes, we are not debating whether or not the apes are real, but they hold our attention nonetheless. For instance, the ape integration scene when the apes are first out of their cages together is inspired. Also, the apes truly acted like you would expect apes to act, and therefore added to the realism.The scriptwriting, while not "whip-smart" like some have described, is perfectly balanced, providing a rising tension and an air of dread unmatched by nearly all movies this year. I was genuinely surprised by how powerful the writing was, and how ready the audience was for the finale.There are very few flaws with this movie, but there are enough to name. Freida Pinto's character Caroline, while well-acted, seemed unnecessary and under-written, almost as if she was added in as an afterthought, or as if she was expendable. Also, Tom Felton's nasty character was just plain stupid. Not only did he make illogical decisions in nearly every moment of his screen time (the hose/electrical prod scene was groan worthy on his part), but I also find it hard to believe that someone as irresponsible and brutal as him would find work in an ape house. After all, apes are not dogs, and I'm sure the humane society would have regular check-ups.*SPOILER ALERT* Also, Jacobs death scene was out of place. The entire sequence played out like the audience was supposed to be horrified, but instead afterwards we realize that this should have felt like the death of the villain and we should be satisfied. But that kind of didn't make sense considering Jacobs wasn't nasty enough to be a main villain.*END SPOILER*Finally, small plot holes litter the script. Why did Will still have the updated drug in his fridge long after his father's death? How did no one realize that their neighbor had an ape for five years? How did this elite company not notice some of their breakthrough drug go missing? On a side note, did anyone else have trouble with the names? I felt like the only names i remembered were "Caesar" and "Bright Eyes". Everyone else I had to nickname names like "James Franco", "the girlfriend", "the bloody nose dude", "the black boss", "the nasty blonde dude", etc. Maybe its just me, so I won't detract stars.In any case, Planet is an engrossing movie. Not in just the visual "Avatar" sense, but also emotionally. It is exhilarating, smart, and entertaining. Rise of the Planet of the Apes comes highly recommended.
평점: 5	리뷰: The first warning that a reviewer should give any prospective moviegoer about this film is the requirement to overlook the MULTITUDE OF PLOT HOLES. Is it possible to latch on to the likable characters and amazing CGI chimp work and forgive the MASSIVELY HUGE PLOT HOLES? One can start to watch a movie and have a cynical attitude, however I will give a movie a break on one deficiency or another, but can you suspend disbelief when there are GAPING JAW-DROPPING PLOT HOLES? OK, we all know that this is a science fiction film. ROTPOTA is following the recent formula where movie franchises are rebooting with more realism and Earthbound storytelling. I was not a huge fan of the original movie series, but acknowledge as a strong work of science fiction, and some of the sequels held intriguing possibilities. One big credit goes to adding the new twist in this origin story that the source of accelerated intelligence in the apes came from a research lab trying to find a cure for Alzheimer's. But after that, the sequence of events are less inspired. We have a too broadly painted animal keeper who likes to abuse apes. You would think a special habitat built especially for apes would employ animal lovers, but that would be pointing out one of the ASTRONOMICALLY GARGANTUAN PLOT HOLES. Ultimately the film loses it's appeal, and one becomes strained as you try to continue to give the film a fair break.The good news is that ROTPOTA wins you over because of the great teamwork of Andy Serkis and Weta in creating a amiable character Caesar along with a cast of other apes. Although you know that the apes in this film don't completely resemble a true chimpanzee, and the movements still resemble humans in capture gear, you have a deep enough story to follow it through. And credit must be given to director Rupert Wyatt for being bold enough to have a lyrical directing style usually absent in a summer tentpole film. One drawback is that the second act is slow to resolve the inevitable uprising (as seen in the trailers - so no spoiler here), and great leaps of faith are required as character actions occur that would make a 4 year old SCREAM IN UTTER FRUSTRATION AT THE SERIOUSLY UNBELIEVABLE PLOT HOLES. Some events in passing include Caesar monkey-ing around with a small Statue of Liberty souvenir (echos of the end of the 1st film), as well as TV new reports of a Mars space mission getting lost. These are obvious sequel setups. Although I didn't get too excited at yet another remake/reboot, I feel encouraged that subsequent sequels will have similar imaginative but COMPLETELY RIDICULOUS PLOT HOLES that will take the audience into more original and inventive movie fare. Yes, there are no superheroes in this film for once. I would suggest that waiting for the DVD would be best, lest you groan a little too loud in the theater at the INCREDIBLY HUMONGOUS PLOT HOLES.
평점: 5	리뷰: James Franco was great in his role. He really sells you on his character, and you forget that he's an actor and rather can just watch him as his role in the movie. This movie was very entertaining and worth your time. This movie brings a lot of elements out. It has some emotional parts to it. It is actually rather easy to empathize with the main monkey. You have to view the ape as the main character of the movie though. It's very easy to understand why the monkey acts the way he does. He has this one pose where he's in between a crouch and standing with his arms crossed and he's either looking down or straight ahead, and it's very sinister and awesome. I couldn't stop laughing throughout the movie as I found monkeys (I am skipping this part of the review as to not give spoilers).If you've made it too my review than your not completely convinced you want to see the movie but you haven't completely blown it off either. My advice is to see it, you will not be disappointed. I am sorry if I did not give a great review but I am trying very hard to hold myself from giving out SPOILERs but I really wanted to rate it 10 out of 10. I'm ready to pre-order the movie already, I found it so entertaining. This movie is very creative, and the CGI was very well done. Tom Felton is lucky to be in this film as unlike Harry Potter movies you could actually watch this more than once.
평점: 8	리뷰: This film is sort of a remake of the prequels to the original Planet of the Apes. Some have suggested that it was based on Tim Burton's film, but after watching his version of the film and now having seen this version, it has become quite clear to me that it has respectfully ignored not only Tim Burton's films, but also the sequels to Planet of the Apes where the apes come back in time, give birth to an intelligent Ape, and then start off a war between the humans and the intelligent apes.This film is quite different and begins in a research lab where a scientist is attempting to develop a drug to cure alzheimers. It because clear that this is no attempt to save the world, but rather it is because his father has alzheimers and he wants to find a cure for it. Anyway, one of the apes goes wild, breaks out, and tears up the board room where the investors are meeting to discuss the proposal, and after this exhibition, they decide to can the program and kill all the apes.However, they find a baby ape, who had been born after one of the apes had been given the medicine, and it becomes quickly obvious that this ape, who is given the name Ceaser, is much smarter than the average chimp. However, problems happen and Ceaser is locked up in a primate holding facility, where he uses his intelligence to become the big kid on the block.Ceaser is the main character in the film, and it is obvious that he is the first of these new breeds of apes. He is incredibly intelligent, and is able to get himself out of his cage, but he doesn't escape, but rather uses his freedom to free the rest of the apes. He does this first by stealing the medicine and releases it in the compound, and then, once the other apes have developed an intelligence, escapes the compound, and flees the city to hide out in a nearby forest. Thus, while the film is not about an Ape revolution, it is about the beginnings on of, and the apes succeed in that they are able to escape the city and flee into the wild. Once they are free, there will be no stopping them.The apes aren't the only concern that humanity has to face. The medicine has a very nasty side effect, and that it is deadly to humans, and it is also contagious. On an outward appearance it seems as if it is a bad case of tuberculosis, however, by the time that the scientist is discovered who initially contracted the disease, he is dead, and it has already spread.The film hearkens back to the original film a number of times. The opening scene, where the apes are running through the jungle being chased by humans, is reminiscent of a similar scene in Planet of the Apes. The line 'get your hands off me you damned dirty ape' is quoted a couple of times, and a newspaper article about a rocket carrying the first manned mission to Mars disappears. All of this points to the original movie.Finally, I should say that this film is a tragedy, and the tragic character is our scientist. He is so obsessed with curing his father than he inevitably changes the world in a way that he did not intend to happen. He has caused the apes to evolve, and in turn, has damned the human race to destruction. Anyway, we do empathise with the apes because the prison, and the guards in the prison, do not make life easy for them, and we are already empathising with Ceaser as we know that he is special. However the film makers do not turn him into a bad guy because he always intervenes when an ape attempts to kill a human. He only wants to be free, and he wants his cousins to be free as well. He does not want to kill humans nor does he want to be a killer. One thus wonders, in the end where he lets the corporate executive fall to his death, whether he has change, but one must remember that it is not that he kills him, but rather turns his back and does not save him.
평점: 9	리뷰: Thanks to French novelist Pierre Boulle and his narrative entitled La Planète des singes (to us English speakers known as Planet of the Apes), those at Hollywood have such a wonderful idea to work with. Just the thought of apes taking over our planet is intriguing in itself.An entire decade has gone by since we've seen these apes takeover the world. Tim Burton's 2001 rendition of Planet of the Apes was outright pitiful. It was just a very messy movie with too little of an "awe" appeal and cheesy monkey suits; excuse me, ape suits.I had low expectation for this prequel or reboot or what-ever you want to call it. After seeing a few videos and reading a bit about it, I decided to spent my money on it; and, well I'm glad I did.Rise of the Planet of the Apes and technology was a great mix. No monkey suits. No horrible make-up. No disgraceful special effects. If I had a time machine and was to show this movie in 2001, people would swear the apes on screen were real. On top of that, this film encapsulated the motion-capture technology that we saw in Avatar with the brilliant performance of Andy Serkis. And, that's only the beginning to this list of amazements to this surprisingly good summer flick.This new genesis brings us a new director, Rupert Wyatt, and new screen writers, Rick Jaffa and Amanda Silver. I'm unfamiliar with any of those names, but will tell you that Jaffa and Silver worked on a 1997 project together entitled The Relic and it has scored a 5.4 rating on IMDb, so obviously they did something different about 14 years later. Prior to Rise of the Apes, the last film Wyatt directed was The Escapist; I'll have to add that to my ever-growing IMDb Watchlist.As mentioned before, Andy Serkis had a truly amazing performance. His other hit role was his portrayal of Gollum in The Lord of the Rings series. Serkis plays the leader of the Apes as Caesar, a genetically modified chimpanzee, and we see a true character built up with emotions and intelligence.The film starts out in a kind-of-futuristic-looking drug lab with the likes of the main human character Will Rodman, portrayed quite well by James Franco. I've always been a fan of Franco and this performance just beefs up his stature in my mind.Will has been working on a cure for Alzheimer's Disease and just may have found that cure. Having been tested on Bright Eyes, a female chimp, ALZ-112 is the genetically engineered retrovirus that may be it. Much to his dismay, the presentation to gain the approval of the cure that he is about to give to the company investors and board goes terribly wrong.Caesar is the child of Bright Eyes, and Will decides to take him home on a temporary basis. This temporary state however turns into five years and the movie progresses. During that time Will is able to help cure his father Charles Rodman (kind of cure), played by John Lithgow (that dude from 3rd Rock from the Sun and a season of Dexter). I enjoyed his performance as well.I've read in places that this movie seems to have plot-holes. Perhaps the leap forward in time is a plot-hole? Or, it could be that the new strain of ALZ-113 wasn't really explained? We obviously know that the new ALZ-113 was more aggressive, since it kills a human character and increases the aggression of a chimp character, so that's how I justify that. Also, in prior stories of the Planet of Apes franchise we know of distinct groups of apes; I believe they were separated by aggression. That might explain it. Just a thought. I don't think the skipping forward is a plot-hole though.Well, as human-like as Caesar may act and seem in most of the first half of this movie, he eventually becomes overwhelmed and has to be put into a local primate shelter, a.k.a "ape prison". Here he is treated like his own kind and develops an emotional understanding of what it means to be a true ape. The audience has no choice but to feel an emotional connection to the character. This is where he indubitably organizes his ape-like militia to escape and begin the planet takeover in order to achieve an overall primate vengeance against the humans. One of the humans that mistreats Caesar and his new friends is character Dodge Landon, son of the primate facility owner John Landon. Dodge is portrayed by actor Tom Felton (Draco Malfoy in the Harry Potter movies). I just cannot get over how similar Felton's two characters were, it truly bothered me, but that's just a personal problem. John is played by Brian Cox.With such a simple plot and complex character emotions, this film was truly great. There isn't really anything that I would change.I anticipate and hope for a sequel.9/10 Stars.
평점: 9	리뷰: TROTPOTA is a CGI led fest that while good in development asks for major suspension of belief in the last 40 minutes: from the ape facility we suddenly get literally over 120 apes pouring into the streets and they seem to multiply every second on screen - it lost a huge amount of feasibility for us there. How do we get from 1 gorilla to 8, 10 orangutans suddenly pop-up etc; Are there really 200 apes in the Bay Area? Nitpicking maybe but it really loses major credibility.Likes: the apes' intelligence is well explained, and the body language etc is excellent Dislikes: the climax scenes though good lack credibility and weaken the film.All in all a reasonably good summer popcorn blockbuster, but for this review, and I bet this'll be the unpopular opinion, why should it be about science then expect us to suspend our logic - it ruined a great film.
평점: 6	리뷰: Granted, my only exposure to The Planet of the Apes mythology was the 2001 remake, Tim Burton's Planet of the Apes, though I might have seen the original only, but I don't remember. That said, I already had the story down, the "secret" the 1968 origin held in the final seconds and the characters.So, what does Rise of the Planet of the Apes (RPA) bring to light? Oh, the how and why. The similarly titled, 2007's Hannibal Rising, also answered some predated Lecter questions. Come to think of it, there's also The Dark Knight Rises coming soon, but that's neither here nor there nor a prequel.I digress, RPA was oodles better than the Hannibal Jr. show and quite entertaining on its own, even if you've never seen the originals. They did a fantastic job of making a prequel its own. Sure, there were the inevitable homage to the Charlton Heston "classic" – one that made me smile (LOOK UP) – but RPA definitely stood on its own. So much so, if they continue this "new" series, it would surely welcomed by me.RPA tells the classic tale of Apes vs. Alzheimer's, whereas apes are being experimented on to cure the disease. James Franco's Will is the idea man and one of the movie's major flaws is the obvious reason why he wants to cure the incurable old-age ailment.Get past that! (Yeah, including myself, Mr. Criticpants) RPA is the main definition of popcorn-fare. The movie's A-B-C with evident conclusions. Granted, it's better than most popcorn movies, such as ANY Transformers disaster, but it's still not to be taken too seriously.At any rate, the target chimp of this movie is Caesar who begins his "learning" on day two and only gets smarter from there on. The movie jumps years like they were Tom Hanks' time spend on the Wilson Island and when Caesar's grown, he's imprisoned when he defends his "grandfather" Charles (John Lithgow) and guess how happy half-human Caesar is about that.Enough examples are shown on why Apes are more human than, well, humans and we get to the foreseen finale.I'm not dogging the movie – on the contrary, again, it was entertaining even when it slowed to a halt in the mid-section or when it was predictable. It has incredible special effects – tell me once when the Apes looked, acted or blended (with live action) unconvincingly and I will defend the movie.It's worth a shot. Heck, they didn't jump on the 3-D bandwagon – KUDOS to the movie for that bold move. SEE IT.Side Note: I will need to see it again soon. Laughably and sadly, we had this imbecile sitting to my left that snorted, laughed at the wrong times, talked and read out every word on the screen. EVEN when it was just a police car driving by on the screen "HEH! Police. Hee hee." Sure, I made fun of him; I turned to him and said "First movie?" and later, I laughed myself, saying: "I can't decide who's the bigger primate: the one on the screen or to my left." Alas, it didn't shut up the ass. Eh, similar to the movie's "motto," some people have to believe in evolution. Here was proof.
평점: 9	리뷰: I went into Rise of the Apes with high expectations, which is usually the recipe for a big letdown. Surprise! The opposite turned out to be true. This was the first movie of the year that I actually went into the movie theater to see, rather than wait for the DVD.The movie Stars James Franco as Will Rodman, a scientist working on the cure for Alzheimers. Will has a personal stake in the results... his once brilliant father, played by the terrific John Lithgow is currently suffering from this debilitating disease.When a lab accident goes wrong, Will acquires a baby chimp. He chooses to raise the chimp as his own, to spare it from being put down like the chimp's mother. In doing so, Will discovers the chimp inherited its mothers high IQ, a result of the Alzheimers potion Will is creating.Ceasar is surprisingly child like, and very human like in his intelligence. The turning point comes midway through the movie, when Ceasar becomes "self-aware". "Am I a pet?" he signs. From that moment on, Ceasar wants to be treated like a human, opting to open the car door rather than ride in the back of a station wagon like the family dog.The movie matches the tone of its predecessors in that, it truly feels like a science fiction movie, rather than popcorn fare. There's not a ton of action throughout, it chooses to focus on Ceasars development, downfall, and ultimate rise to power.Surprisingly, we could have the first Oscar winning performance by a CGI chimp. While some might complain that James Franco took a back seat to "CGI monkeys", I assure you that Franco struck just the right note. He plays the brilliant professor with just enough nuance to make him believable in the part. Of course he is camera ready and attractive, but not so much that the audience is unable to suspend belief. James comes across as sensitive and intelligent and doesn't handle the element of surprise cheaply, as Ceasar develops. I love when actors act with their eyes as it tends to draw me into the character and the emotion of the performance. Will becomes as emotionally invested in Ceasar as he does with his father. He wants to keep his "family" together. The original Planet of the Apes movie, some believe directly referenced the civil rights movement unfolding around the time the movie was made. It was about treating others with the humanity they deserve. Today's world doesn't suffer under the delusion that all humans don't deserve to be treated with racial inequity, so Rise of the Apes doesn't focus on that as much as it does animal rights, and treating them with the humanity and dignity they deserve. The movie begs us to empathize with Ceasar, more so than it wants us to empathize with our human protagonist, and deservedly so. There's so much potential for emotional conflict between Will and Ceasar, but this element is played down as there are other things to hash out as the apes, quite literally, go wild. By movie's end, we know what Ceasar becomes, but I wanted to know more about Will and his outcome. I suspect, this is what the director has in mind for the sequel.
평점: 7	리뷰: Rise of the Planet of the Apes is groundbreaking in its use of motion capture technology but unfortunately the plot is pretty weak.First of all, if you've seen the previews of the film, you pretty much already know the plot, which takes away a great deal of enjoyment when watching it, already knowing what's going to happen, that is. The entire premise of having a big chimpanzee named Ceasar living under your roof is kind of implausible, especially since the next door neighbor objects so much and would have probably filed a complaint way before any of the real mayhem would have taken place. Also, I didn't buy how cruel the managers of the ape habitat, where Ceaser had to go after attacking the neighbor, were to their apes. If they hated apes so much why were they in the ape housing business in the first place? Most people who run zoos or animals shelters do so because they love animals. So that made no sense AT ALL. The ultimate bit of nonsense was how Ceasar knew to go to the lab and steal the canisters of virus and then bring them back to expose all the apes to it. Nothing in the plot suggested why he should have known how to do that, other than one sentence in which he was told that "medicine" made him smarter. And then all of a sudden, after all the apes escaped, there were hundreds of them instead of a few dozen of them, and they for some reason had superpowers and could smash straight through big panes of glass without getting injured and could pull spears right off wrought iron fencing. If you ever see a wrought iron fence with pointy spikes on top try pulling one of them from its welding and see how far you get. Guess what, an ape can't do it either. Then after what could have only been hours after the apes escaped, the police were already all organized on horseback and in helicopters and in cars with machine guns, road blocking the bridge and ready to massacre an army of apes at will. Yeah, right. Give me a break.Nevertheless, this is a really fun movie and the inside jokes that refer to the original movie are great. And as I said, the special effects alone make this movie deserving of a score of 7--it's just too bad the writing wasn't better because this could have been a perfect 10.
평점: 8	리뷰: There was a lot of hype going into this film. I was very excited to finally see another Planet of the Apes film. I am a big fan of the original and had fun with the sequels and even after Tim Burton's remake I was still excited for this film and I got to say this is the best Planet of the Apes picture since the original.This story is an origin story about how the Apes began to rise to power and about a man who is bent on curing Alzheimer's and raising an ape who has been past on the genes of the cure from his mother and what the effects this has on this one ape named Caesar.The very surprising thing about this film is how story based and character based it really is. From the trailers it looked like just another cure gone wrong and a lot of violence happens but I was truly surprised by this film's story and how well told it was. I do think it needed to be just a tad longer in the beginning showing a little more of Caesar's childhood but it's a small fault and can be overlooked. But it is something truly wonderful to see how truly well fleshed out these characters are in this film especially for a "summer blockbuster." All character motivations are known throughout the film. James Franco's character named Will Rodman really wants to make this cure so he can cure his father. So a lot of us can really connect with him and in seeing he is making this cure for the best intentions. And his boss is the classic wants the cure for money type of character. But the best most drawn out character is the character of Caesar. The chimpanzee that becomes increased in intelligence is the true star of the film. He cannot talk and he is a computer made image and yet you really understand him, love him, and feel for him. Caesar is played by motion capture actor Andy Serkis (his second film as an ape, the other one being King Kong (2005)) brings so much to the table. He breathes so much personality into this ape and it's just truly something to wow at and the writers are very wise to really shift the story over from Will to Caesar as Caesar gets sent into an Ape refuge. While there he gets smarter and learns of the true nature of how apes are treated inside there and decides to take action.I think it was very smart on the filmmakers to shift the apes from makeup to cgi. I wasn't thrilled when I first heard they would make the apes in the computer but after viewing the film I've realized this was the only way to go really. It would look incredibly cheesy if they tried to do what they did in this film with makeup. The motion capture is some of the best to date and the apes look very real. None of the makeups did as good as job as the motion capture did at creating real ape behavior and also by not making them talk I think was a smart move. I don't think making them be able to speak would make it very realistic which seems to be more of the way the film tries to go with rather than a fantasy.The action is all mostly at the end of the film which is mostly seen in the trailers. While granted there is a little bit here and a little bit there it's all really at the end. It all is very entertaining and the apes do fight like real apes. There are moments where the filmmakers truly capture an ape aggression and what they are truly capable of. Not a lot of people know just how strong and fierce they can be and the film does a good job of showing that.But something I don't think is mention a lot is that there a nice magical quality to it. The scene in the redwoods is a very magical scene and I really liked it and never liked how it isn't mentioned.The acting is all very good and is a driving point of the film. James Franco is great, so are John Lithgow and Brian Cox. Also Tom Felton and David Oyelowo are good. Freida Pinto is good and all but I wish her character was given a better purpose and is one of the few faults with this film.The Music I thought was very good too. It had a very magical yet dark and exciting feel. Composer Patrick Doyle really gives out his best score in years. It will by no means become be considered a masterpiece it just is an above the average movie score and is a score that I would buy when the soundtrack was released on CD.The Directing by Rupert Wyatt is very good too. He handles the story written with such care. His choices in camera movements and how to properly handle the story is makes him a great choice. Also he uses cgi to better the project and only really uses it when he needs too which is something I always respected in a director these days.The writers Amanda Silver and Rick Jaffa have crafted a great story and pay so much tribute to the original films. There are so many nice nods to the original which Planet of the Apes fans will enjoy. They also really know how write convincing dialogue and leaves the door open for a sequel but it could be just an make you think type of ending.The Bottom line is this is a very good story driven film that includes great special effects and matches the original and is the second best film of 2011 Final Score 9/10
평점: 8	리뷰: Planet of the Apes has been a part of me since the seventies. I've found the themes of alienation, prejudice, conflict, and what it means to be human engaging. The first five films set the ground for the thought that something bad was gonna happen in the future. As I grew up I felt the echo again and again. I grew up in a cold war, watched the rise of HIV, saw World Trade Towers come down, and watched our global markets freeze and heave. The apes were always waiting. So Rise of the Planet of the Apes comes along. The world of man is going to fall again, and this time we are in on the ground floor right away. This film has its critics, and what film doesn't, but I suspect its a case of not really getting it. I loved the idea that we seed our own destruction because we forgot that someone else might be up for the job. Caeser is the driver of this movie, it's clear from when he comes out to the box that will ever be the same once he hits the scene. When I first saw the Apes movie I was child, then I sided with the apes because I thought they were doing a better job than my parents at running the world. Now, as a parent, I can see how the order I once thought existed is always ready to be challenged by simply wishing I can make the world a better place. Watch this movie if you grew up close to the Planet of the Apes, but want to see something with a hipper outlook. Oh yeah, we are gonna fall, but it will be cool because we were hoping for something better. Peace.
평점: 9	리뷰: As I walked into the theater, I had pretty high expectations for this new Planet of the Apes film. I walked out with my expectations far exceeded. Rise of the Planet of the Apes is one of this year's best films. The very talented Andy Serkis does a superb job playing the role of the ape "Caesar." As many people have said, Serkis can play a role better than most actors or actresses without saying much in his roles. The amount of emotion he put into his role is unbelievable. Also, the Weta Digital Special Effects Company did an excellent job with the apes in this movie. The apes don't look like men dressed in ape costumes. It's even extremely hard to tell which shots contained the CGI apes and which were actual apes. In conclusion, this film is a must-see for anyone. The movie has an excellent message, cast and acting, and incredible special effects. This is definitely one of the best films of 2011.
평점: 9	리뷰: This film was entertaining but not ambitious. CGI is about as realistic as King Kong stop animation in the 1930's- actually it's worse- at least that was scary. CGI eyes show no soul or true emotion whatsoever. The scenes with the baby chimp coming home in the box were embarrassingly bad. Seeing John Lithgow pretend to have Alzheimer's while pretending to hold a baby chimp that obviously was not there was just sad. Tom Felton was AWFUL!!! Completely unbelievable in the part and very distracting. Frieda Pinto's character was undeveloped and her acting falls short. It's a shame that they didn't take this project more seriously. With special effects someone needs to knock Hollywood over the head on this. Maybe it's the cheap way to make a film but it does not look real at all.
평점: 9	리뷰: this movie wasn't as bad as i thought it would be. i thought the whole movie would be war, action much like transformers 2. which was a joke but this movie wasn't. rise of the planet of the apes is about a scientist named will rodman (James Franco) who discovers a cure for Alzheimer's and experimenting the medicine on apes. when there is one ape that they can use to cure Alzheimer, the ape goes crazy. jumps into a meeting will is having to get more money to put his experiment into action and security shoots the ape. now they have to restart and convince the same people to invest in there company even though a ape almost killed them. when he goes back into the apes holding box, they find under the bed a baby chimp. the ape went crazy only to defend her son. will takes him in and his father Charles rodman (john lithgow) loves him immediately by the way will father Charles has Alzheimer's. and the ape is named ceaser and stays there in wills home for 7 years doing more research on ceaser to find the cure. and he does, gives it to his father but then comes back sometime later. Charles gets confused and drives his neighbors car into 2 other cars. now the neighbor confront Charles and starts getting hostile with him. ceaser don't like that gets out of the house and tackles the neighbor to defend Charles. hes put into a place where all apes go and ceaser starts to get mad that will hasn't got him yet. will has been trying to get ceaser out but cant. will quits on his project and focuses on getting ceaser home. but ceaser and the other apes escape by using the medicine will used to make ceaser the smart ape he is. its a fun, action thriller that moves you in many ways. it makes you have different emotions. sometimes you laugh, you cry, you get anxious, get worried. its not as predictable as you might think. also James Franco was excellent in his role as the will rodman and john lithgow, even though hes a comedian he shows a more dramatic side to him and is also excellent. this is a movie not to be missed. i say, see it.
평점: 9	리뷰: It was a fun okay summer movie but it no way compares to some of the bygone great summer films of yesteryear...The Computer generated monkeys were okay except it made Caesar look a little too unreal. His facial features were unlike any chimp I ever seen at a zoo or in a documentary. The other primates looked better.The storyline was okay but it all seemed very rushed. They wanted to make mankind look so cynical and mean , even the one good guy was oblivious and uncaring in some of his actions, it was as if the movie's intention was hey, we actually deserve to be eliminated. Since we all know it's sort of a prequel to the famous first Planet of the Apes film from the 60's, there was very little suspense to it. There still however is a big gap between where this movie ends and where that one begins so there might be a second prequel ? LOL
평점: 4	리뷰: When I saw the trailer for this film I could not wait for it to be released. On August 4th (the release date), I went to see it and was severely disappointed as it was not true to the original 1968 film. I found it was under budget, cheap and hard to follow in some parts. It was interesting, however, that the director put in some strange symbolism into the film, but this just made it more confusing as it just didn't make you follow the storyline. One thing that infuriated my were the actors. David Oyelowo (Jacobs) was definitely the weak-link in this film as he had a strange and unsuitable English accent that just did not suit the American country. Freida Pinto (Caroline) had the same deal as she had that annoying Cockney accent that just doesn't work in an American movie. Rupert Wyatt (the Director of "Rise of the Planet of the Apes) has only ever directed three other movies before this and it really shows in this, what seems cheap and tacky, film. The storyline didn't develop properly and we all know what was going to happen anyway, hence the title "RISE of the Planet of the Apes". I believe that when they made this movie they took there own spin on the storyline a little bit, but then again added bits from the original description of how this all formed (Escape from the Planet of the Apes). Some of the dialog was good but the majority of it was corny and badly written.I am a hardcore Sci-Fi fan and I loved all of the original "Planet of the Apes" films (excluding the 2001 remake), but overall I think this movie could have done a lot better if it had a more experienced director (i.e. Steven Spielburge) and better actors. The writer should be sacked for life and never show his face again and the design artist should be congratulate for being able to stand all this horrible commotion. I rate this film 2/5. - Michael Radny
평점: 4	리뷰: This is a very well developed movie, the only not-so-cool shortcoming is the annoying sound track, an endless non-committing formulaic music from the very beginning to the end.The whole movie also gives me an impression similar to the ugly and cruel human slavery history. The apes are the struggling to survive innocent slaves who were caught in Africa by the Christian whites and sold as commercial items to America. The cruel treatment to those apes in this movie is so disgustingly realistic that saddens me a great deal.This is a great movie that would cast a deep shadow on my mind and in my memory.
평점: 7	리뷰: A glimpse of this movie's trailer at a suburban mall is what caught my attention. It seemed like an interesting concept - apes taking over the world, getting intelligent. More research revealed that this is actually a part of a series (although not in a direct way) about apes ruling a planet. Information gave rise to curiosity and finally turned into enthusiasm which is when I decided to give this movie a shot. And it didn't disappoint.The story should be familiar to people aware with the series - a new drug is being developed by a scientist Will Rodman to cure Alzheimer's. The drug is tested on a chimp who is killed while trying to defend her baby. The baby chimp then inherits the mother's genes and intelligence which develops far more than what the drug's maker's anticipated. What's interesting is the way this movie has been presented to people who are unfamiliar to the series - no worries, you're not at all gonna feel out of place. So, you definitely don't need to go through the previous movies to watch this one.There's little of character development or outstanding performances here (excepting the main chimp Caeser that is who gets both of these). What makes the movie work at least for me is the writing and the direction. Watch the scene when Caeser defends Will's Dad. Endearing and mesmerizing. The effects are awesome as well. Its hard to believe that so much could be achieved for a relatively small budget (about $90 million). I guess when it comes to top notch visual effects at a relatively low cost, Weta is the one to approach. They could create a whole planet in Avatar for $237 million, the whole Lord of the Rings trilogy for about $300 million and also did the aliens in District 9 for $30 million. Need I say more ??? The movie has a really fresh feel to it - it has that typical summer science-fiction feel to it yet it is much more than that. It only runs too short - a little more time, say a run time of about 2.5 hours would have given the movie enough time to establish the characters and would have made it a masterpiece on the lines of Peter Jackson's King Kong. Its perhaps because of the short run time that Freida Pinto's and James Franco's characters get limited screen time and scope to perform. Nevertheless, for all that it is, this is a great summer movie with an outstanding performance by Andy Serkis as Caeser and a technically sound film in all departments (cinematography, VFX, production design and the likes). In short, its all that I expected it to be. If you do not have a problem in suspension of disbelief, I strongly recommend this movie !!! Score: 7.5 / 10
평점: 10	리뷰: i am not the hugest fan of planet of the apes. i have not seen the original series, i have only seen the 2001 remake with Mark wahlberg. i enjoyed it yet thought it was corny. i was expecting the same thing with this film and also did not understand how it could be a prequel to the one before as in the 2001 version it was set in a different universe. this one is set in present day and shows how the apes rose and the humans died out. it was smart how they introduced the original quotations and plots like "take you-re stinking paws off me you damn dirty ape' and how the human race died out by the medicine but not by the apes. i was not expecting much but when i saw this film i LOVED it from start to finish. it wasn't a blockbuster action, and other s are disappointed there is not much action, but this isn't called the war of the apes its called the rise of the apes. it shows how apes see a different side of humans and how each has other personalities. it also shows how animal cruelty is wrong.this also surprised me that this wasn't a gore-fest. it only showed the apes kill 3 people. one was the humans fault the others was deserved and the other happened randomly.i could write forever about this but i must end with this. SEE IT. you will love it.
평점: 9	리뷰: i saw this movie after reading so many reviews and i also like the both classic.so i decided to watch this movie and i found its surprisingly awesome movie.the story and casting is really good especially Direction by Rupert Wyatt is really counting in.use of CGI in the movie is amazing but instead of CGI why they cant use real apes? OK but i really enjoy this movie from start to end i never bored in any scenes, the music and special effects are too good. relationship between Human and Ape in this flick makes really sensitive to you and some of the scenes make you cry. something is missing in the movie to make this movie a MASTERPIECE.. but all over this movie deserves best ratings.James Franco is really doing great acting, Tom Felton is also good and we cant forget Andy Serkis playing Caesar the real hero of the movie. and finally hands up for the Special effects Team they done it great work.I enjoy this movie and friends its worth watch movie and i gave it 9 out 10.... :)
평점: 7	리뷰: this was not my most expected movie of the year, but it is clearly my favorite movie this year till date.the movie is coo, and has a strong storyline, and the ape, ceaser rokz. though he is just cgi, he outperforms all other actors in the movie.the chemistry between franco and pinto is not so good, and humans don't have much role in the movie. it is all about apes.....90% of the crowd was cheering for apes, not humans.. hi hi this is one of the best cgi works till date, even the eyes of the apes look awesome.i have seen heroes deliver long lines of dialogues to impress audience, but ceaser did it with just one word "NO"... my god, that moment was awesome.....apart from some minor problems, movie was awesome, worth every penny.verdict:see it before the apes take over.
평점: 7	리뷰: Like so many who've commented here, I, too, was surprised by how good this film was. I remember how brilliant the first Planet of the Apes was back in 1968, and how progressively dreadful were its sequels. And Burton's laughably poor 2001 remake seemed like a possible final nail in the coffin for the Apes genre. But Rise of the Planet of the Apes does rise to the occasion. The film is the prequel to the original Apes film, and while the director was not 100% true to the proposed history from the original Apes films, his version is much more believable and cohesive. While the film relies heavily on CGI, the story is not completely subverted by it. I admit that I found some of the more exaggerated computerized leaping about by the apes a bit over the top, but overall the film showed reasonable restraint. The story is the director's main focus. (And many kudos to John Lithgow who gave a superb albeit heartbreaking performance as an Alzheimer's sufferer). There is, however, something missing. In the 1968 original, there were two scenes that to this day still give me chills. The first was when an ape first appeared in the film (brilliantly punctuated by Jerry Goldsmith's music score), and the second scene was the famous, now iconographic ending. The original Planet of the Apes wasn't just another sci-fi movie; it was philosophical, satirical, thought provoking and effective in its use of cinematic language. Rise of the Planet of the Apes was a thoroughly entertaining 105 minutes, but there was nothing profound, and it would be nice to see something profound again.
평점: 4	리뷰: Hollywood is losing ideas. We already know that. Now we are stuck having remakes, reboots, & prequels. And what's worse, most of these prequels are hardly connected to the original film & sometimes they say it's a reboot. The film? It can be entertaining in some parts, but mostly it's a wooden & clichéd sci-fi story. Convoluted from the original Planet of the Apes series but like they say, This could be a reboot. Any new ideas, Hollywood?The movie is totally disconnected from the original Planet of the Apes movies. It's obvious that they wanted to make another reboot of the series. They're losing ideas & wanted to improve some of the old classics. Rise of the Planet of the Apes doesn't want to show the true origin of the first series. I don't think Fox is still capable of making accurate prequels. It's just like X-Men First Class although X-Men is an enjoyable movie and it's necessary to tell its story.The story here can be interesting but it ends up being generic & predictable. Science goes wrong, Humans are evil, Too much sappiness, & ends with a predictable and somewhat exhausting action climax. Since none of the apes are real, The CGI looks impressive though. The main ape's actor, Andy Serkis, only spoken few lines in this movie but the motion he provides to the character is remarkably amazing. He's an expert to these motion capture characters. James Franco ends up being a wooden character. What's the point of Freida Pinto's character? Tom Felton is playing Draco Malfoy again & this time he's teasing Apes. At least John Lithgow gave some emotional moments.Rise of the Planet of the Apes is an altered, predictable, & unnecessary prequel. The filmmaking has already been evolved but still no revolution. The studio is out of ideas & we are getting these unnecessary prequels that suddenly appearing as a reboot. Even the film itself is not good. I noticed that most people liked it maybe because the CGI is quite amazing and the motion capture performance of Andy Serkis nails most of the film. But really, this is unnecessary & ridiculous. The ending also has an ambition for a sequel. I guess these prequels are deceiving reboots.
평점: 4	리뷰: Anyone who tells you this is a great movie is just trying to get someone else to drop money on this middle of the road flick. Everyone who has been waiting so patiently for this movie has run out and seen it, even if people say it is average and "kind of dull." Most will see the movie because of the name recognition of the old movies we fondly remember even though the final effort is a movie that can barely stand on its own. It seem some will go and see it whether it is average or not – it definitely has them by the wallet. Still, those praising it must love CGI monkeys and nothing else. Give them a monkey with shifty eyes and they're happy all day long. The rest of us want more when we pay to see a film. We want a coherent plot that doesn't try to preach and one that we can invest in emotionally. Rise of the Apes does NOT do that and that's the real problem when there's no action to cover for the bad writing.
평점: 4	리뷰: This year is one of the biggest for Hollywood, with two movie (Deathly Hallows and Dark of the Moon) already crossing over one billion and they still have good movies lined up for us! In all honesty, i was not eager for the Rise of the Apes as it was over shadowed by some huge titles...Due to some issues with the Distributors in India Rise of the Planet of the Apes wasn't released in multiplexes and that's why i couldn't catch it on Saturday. But lo and behold, i saw it on Sunday and i was (still am) stunned... Rise of the Apes, from the very start takes you to an emotional journey. First few scenes are good enough to intrigue anyone... Caesar, the intelligent ape and protagonist, displays outstanding emotions which make you feel heartfelt at times. This movie is about his journey, his rise as a leader for race which is far more powerful than ours and even capable to scare us( the audience!)Paradigm shift to the rise of the apes( as previous two showed our survival.. on their planet) their nature ,suffering, fight for survival as their freedom is challenged...(Remember Amistad )The Story was told from the trailers only and honestly i wasn't too bothered. It's the direction... which takes the cake here!!(hats off Mr. Wyatt) All in all i would recommend it to you... go watch and you'll know what i am talking about! Get a good money's worth..
평점: 8	리뷰: Everybody loves a revolution and so do I, but the reason why it didn't receive the full 10 stars is; because they made the film to save and crowd pleasing. In my heart I know this film is actually just a 7 star film, but I gave it the extra point, because Rupert Wyatt showed so much respect to all the previous 'Planet of the Apes' films by putting so many nice little references in his film, making me smile every time I recognised one.The story does a real good job filling in the blanks, which came to being after Tim Burton's 'Planet of the Apes' film. Tim Burton must be really happy with Rupert Wyatt's film, since many people will be motivated to see Tim Burton's film for a second time after seeing this 'Rise of the Planet of the Apes' film.However; where Tim Burton tried to hard to make a stamp and create a real different 'Planet of the Apes' film, Rupert Wyatt unfortunately wasn't bold enough and lacked that courage here. There were several wonderful opportunities to make for example the Caesar/Will Rodman (James Franco) relationship really epic (I'm thinking in the trend of Darth Vader/Luke in Star Wars or Fredo/Michael Corleone in Godfather) or Caesar more of a conquerer by not letting the apes hold back. But Rupert Wyatt simply missed this opportunity, which is such a shame! It could have made such a difference and could have made this film a classic, if they were a little bit more bold enough...Still a good watch, I was entertained throughout the film and I am certain all the 'Planet of the Apes' fans wont be disappointed. Go see!
평점: 8	리뷰: After seeing this movie, honestly I can't remember why I couldn't WAIT to go see it! It was terrible!! If it weren't for the bigger names in the cast, it would have been one of those B movies that only play on TV at 3am on a weekday!The plot is terrible and full of holes for starters. I am a Sci-Fi freak so me wanting to believe in the super-natural/fantastic is a given. I really WANTED to believe but nothing was actually believable. I didn't feel anything for the characters, neither the human nor the chimp ones.The graphics themselves were terrible. The primates were NOT believable. OK, the Uraguntans and the Gorrilas were but the Chimps? Waaaaay too human, even in size (Chimps are NOT 6' 1" when they stand up! and their legs are NOT that long!!).And seriously how many primates does San Francisco have? In the beginning we are shown a primate "pound" with a handful of primates, then when they revolt, dozens and dozens escape. Apparently the SF zoo hosts about a hundred more etc. And please tell me, where do you buy those city cars than when a half-ton Gorilla jumps on them, they don't get a single dent!!! And their roofs don't cave in, because my jeep has a 130 lbs tolerance on the roof and that's waaaay less than what a gorilla weighs!Terrible all around. I was so disappointed, I wish I had spent my money on something else. Don't go see it for the plot (there isn't any), don't go see it for the CGI (they are second class at best) and don't go see it for the actors, you see very little of them. And why on Earth was Ceasar so human looking? It is not explained or justified at all during the movie.All around baaaad. And I hear there is a part two?? Oh no!
평점: 8	리뷰: I am a passionate fan of the classic APES series and even the 2001 Tim Burton "Planet of the Apes" film I find it well done, contemporary, exciting and hilarious especially Tim Roth as Thade. Ten years latter, a new species of Ape Film(s) is born, a prequel and of course the watchful eyes of fans and critics alike are discerning and sometimes unforgiving. I wanted to be one of the first to experience the hype on opening day and boy, glad I did because I had a wonderful time not only watching but also immersing myself in this great, terrifying, funny and emotional blockbuster. Those who got up and left soon as the credits were rolling missed an important message, actually two: there will be a sequel to this prequel and an epilogue that I consider homage to the hypothesis that a very well known virus in the '70 or '80 was developed in a laboratory, somewhere in the world, accidentally or not got into targeted population and spread by an airline employee. Back to the film and it's ape star named Caesar (the conqueror) with whom we sympathize from the very beginning even if he turns against our kind, we can't get enough of his mind, emotion and actions. Caesar rules the film and the audience almost silently, but who need words when you have body language, sing language and fantastic facial expressions. To me these are the entertainment values in a blockbuster, not to mention the battle scenes, conflict of interests and the human drama played remarkably by John Lithgow who is James Franco's ailing father. Technically, this great synergy of technology and human action works well in the film and we can expect a lot more in the coming years. Evolution of the motion pictures according to Hollywood is nothing but art, excitement and entertainment as it is this fine film: Rise of the Planet of the Apes.
평점: 8	리뷰: I didn't see other Planet of the apes movie. Even though I strongly doubt any of those past movies can top this newest edition to the franchise. For me, script and acting wise Rise of the Planet of the Apes was the best movie of the summer.While usually a summer movie is expected to be heavy on action and CGI, Rise of the Planet of the Apes's true strength lies on its story telling. (Though the CGI part of the movie was pretty awesome too.) It was well paced, emotional and thought provoking. From the opening sequence I was hooked to the screen and I could hardly turn my head till the movie ends.James Franco delivered a superb performance as the talented scientist who is hell bend on finding a cure for his mentally disabled father. But the best performance of the movie, just like every one else is saying, is without a doubt the ape named Ceaser acted by mo-cap actor Andy Serkis. This time i believe he has outdone himself from his previous work in Lord of the Rings and King Kong. The character Ceaser was simply phenomenal. The way the makers blend human emotion with wild animal instinct in Ceaser was really amazing. From his birth to moment he assumes the leadership of the league of free apes, audience will be emotionally attached with him every sequence. You will adore him at his infancy, get amazed by his intellect at his young age, be angry when he was treated so cruelly by human and feel the adrenalin rush when he finally breaks free and rises to the top. The way this character Ceaser developed was almost similar to a Disney character.Rupert Wyatt did one of his best work as director. The CGI, though in my opinion is not the main attraction of the movie, was better than most of the movies of this summer. The apes movement and their facial expressions were spot on. Their wild nature was vivid while in their face you could also read affection, fear, anger, commitment and other such human like emotions in a very realistic way. The score of the movie was very well crafted. It blends well with the sequences and adds a lot in raising emotions.It is very hard to neat pick a movie as good as this one but there are some very minor short comings in my opinion. while James Franco's character has a very big role at the beginning of the movie, his importance gradually fades away as the story reaches towards its end. I think writer could do a bit more with him. Freida Pinto has contributed virtually nothing to the story except from being the love interest of James Franco. I think she is a talented actress and could do a lot if was given the opportunity. The movie felt a bit rushed at the beginning. I personally wanted to see more of Ceasers childhood. And finally as a summer movie it could use a bit more action. Most of its action is near the end of the movie and i don't know if it is enough to satisfy an edge of the seat, jaw dropping action lover. But considering over all quality of the movie these short comings can easily be ignored.Now, I shall watch the original Planet of the Apes movie. And for you I cannot recommend a movie more than this one. This is as good as a summer movie can be.
평점: 8	리뷰: WOW. I just finished watching this movie and I have to say I was blown away.I am 30 years old, and am a huge fan of the original series. I've seen them all many, many times. After seeing the preview for this, I wanted to see it, but did not expect it to be more than an entertaining movie with apes smashing stuff up. I didn't expect it to hold a candle to the originals. I was dead wrong. The Tim Burton remake doesn't deserve to carry the series' name IMO. This movie was great from start to finish. The story is very well done, the acting is great, the characters are nicely done as well. The special effects were amazing. I have NEVER seen a believable life- sized ape in a movie before that was done with CGI. I think King Kong was well done by Peter Jackson, but this was a life-sized ape interacting with it's environment, with other animals and apes, with humans, etc. Andy Serkis and WETA both deserve much praise for this movie. The scene where the ape goes nuts in the lab just blew me away and I was hooked from then on. If this doesn't win best special effects this year, it will be a travesty. This movie deserved to carry the Planet of the Apes name in every way. I think most people who are a fan of the originals will agree. They mixed in a few "shout-outs" to the original series and most of them fit quite well. One or two felt a bit out of place, but not enough to take you away from this great movie. I want to see it again, and almost paid to watch it immediately after finishing the first viewing. 9/10
평점: 10	리뷰: Wow! Great addition to an already classic franchise. I was already looking forward to seeing this movie after seeing previews. It completely lived up to my expectations. This movie kept me 100% interested. A great way to revive the old Planet of the Apes series, with a great new story for the origin, excellent! I took my 13 year old boys and they both were on the edge of their seats a lot better than Captain America which they didn't enjoy nearly as much. The graphics were great (Thank God for computers), and the actingwas also very good. I enjoyed James Franco in this movie and it was good to see John Lithgow again, even though it was an actionfilm I thought it was still well acted, this one I could see twice.
평점: 1	리뷰: Few things to learn before assign a dubious 8-9/10 about this absolute "si-fi" mess :1) Please, buy some Apple computer 2) When you experiment Alzheimer's disease on apes, please, do NOT make any survey on your dad, just shot him with ALZ-112 !!! 3) Please, buy some Apple stuff... 4) Good recipe to make an unwanted successful comedy : be awfully ridiculous and omit, if possible any possible scientific and medical fact 5) Please, inject massive doses of ALZ-112 to all those stupid morons executives at Hollywood ! 6) Please, buy some Apple stuff... This will help research, they really need it ! 7) When you try to make become a chimpanzee a little smart, be warned : he(she)'ll become an insanely dangerous ludicrous violent psychopath. 8) Try to put real apes, I mean my 8 years old son gave a loud laugh at your pathetic CGI 9) Try to make a plot without knowing how to spell p.l.o.t. 10) Please, buy some Apple Macbook Pro 13" or 27" Imac, Think Different(r) Obviously, Apple help medical research... 11) Don't let your neighborhood play with apes 12) Dogs don't like apes (don't know how or why) But apes don't care (they yell at them !) 13) Chimpanzees treated with massive ALZ-112 doses will grow and become taller than you (speaking of height) Yess!!! ALZ-112 can apply to bodybuilders !! Better than creatine ! 14) Please, buy an Apple computer ! Will help you be smarter ! Buy 3, it's better than 1 to start freaking thinking ! 15) I.Q. is doubled along each dose of ALZ-112, please, give some address where to buy some anonymously !... 16) I maybe should try this on my dog and cat ! 17) I also should try this on some chicken ! Just imagine Rise of the Chicken ! Some FRESH ideas for Hollywood executives ! 18) Dad is not so well when driving... Finally, sonny apes like him more than his neighborhood 19) Apply before experiment or assess ! 20) Ape's iris is green when I.Q. > 250. Make them easier to shotBottom line : gave it a 1/10 because I definitely laughed a lot and, at least, I know why apes are my worst enemies. A good contestant for the best 2011 comedy !
평점: 1	리뷰: From the moment I saw the previews on the big screen, I knew Rise of the Planet of the Apes was going to be awesome. It didn't let me down. Caesar took my heart right from the start. It was thrilling when he took down the mean next door neighbor. You felt scared for him but you knew he deserved it. I loved the scene where he was in the animal sanctuary and learned that the orangutan could sign like him. Everyone laughed when he showed the chimp who tried beating him up who the real boss was.His early years spent with humans really shaped his behavior later on when he decided that it was time to break free of them. The fact that he didn't want his fellow simians to outright kill humans is proof.As usual, humans showed their stupidity in the way they treated the animals and by not following protocol with their new miracle drug. I cheered as they outsmarted the officials. The helicopter scene was simply fantastic.The ending shown after the credits has me hoping that there will be a second movie. I wished the movie was longer and delved deeper into the human effects of the drug. I loved the movie so much that I'm going back to see it again tomorrow with my nephew who foolishly decided to sleep in instead of going to the movies with me :-).Rise of the Planet of the Apes is intelligent, entertaining, heart warming, thrilling and so much more. You will be cheering for them to take down the cops and the people in the lab. I'm giving it a 9 out 10 only because it wasn't long enough. I want more!
평점: 1	리뷰: I was and am a big fan of the original Planet of the Apes...Thought provoking...great acting..storyline...so i went to this movie with great anticipation thinking that 30 to 40 years of technology would add immeasurably to the movie...what i got instead was a movie, in my opinion was so bad, it was almost funny..funny except my wife and I spent $25 and 2 hours of time watching..and I certainly did not feel anybody watching it with me felt different so it just amazes me to see the high reviews this movie has gotten..I hate to overstate it but I really believe this movie would be on my top 10 worst films i have ever seen..It makes me think i was not watching the same film...
평점: 1	리뷰: Apes is a deep breath of fresh air when put side by side with so many emotionless summer popcorn flicks. Yes the story is unrealistic, but the emotions that Andy Serkis makes you see and feel are unmatched in motion capture acting. I highly recommend seeing this film, but don't expect there to be nonstop action. A few reviews I read before actually I actually saw the film claimed that the movie didn't develop the characters. Wrong!! The majority of the movie was character development, but not in a boring way at all. This movie's original IMDb rating was a 7.1 and has now climbed to an 8.0 This is actually pretty rare. Movies almost always drop to lower ratings as the week progresses. This speaks highly of this must see movie.Hail Caesar!!!!!
평점: 8	리뷰: Summer 2011 will go down in history as one of the more disappointing seasons in many years when it comes to movies. This is the time of year that people rush out in masses to see the latest action extravaganza, and to be fair, some films have delivered on that promise -- "Harry Potter," "Captain America" (though I have yet to see either of them and am simply relying on general reactions) -- but there's been a whole lot of disappointments, too, and the worst part is that people still seem to be flocking to them, almost out of necessity than wont ("Transformers 3" and "Pirates 4" both made over $1 bil worldwide, which is amazing, because they both sucked).I think the last film anyone expected to reverse the trend this summer was a prequel to a franchise that has been consistently poor over the years since its original incarnation in 1968. Indeed, the first trailer for "Rise of the Planet of the Apes" focused on ape carnage and mayhem, and although a subsequent one highlighted the dramatic underpinning of the film, it seemed like Fox was just trying to turn around its marketing and fool people into thinking there was more than meets the eye.Alas, the second trailer turned out to be a far more accurate reflection of the movie than anyone would have expected. "Rise of the Apes" is most likely the best film of the blockbuster season, full of heart, carefully crafted and professionally delivered on every level.Sure, the story has its fair share of clichés -- the "evil caretakers" played by Brian Cox and Tom Felton seem bad just because the film requires them to be, and Felton's performance in particular is so over-the-top that it's almost a caricature -- but because of how the film is packaged, and because it spends so much time focusing on the character of Caesar (played magnificently by Andy Serkis), you are willing to overlook many of the flaws. You care about the characters and the story, even when you kinda know where it's headed and feel like it's a variation of a prison break-out movie with apes in place of humans.The human cast, as has been noted by many critics, is nothing to write home about. James Franco doesn't exactly phone in his performance but it's not the sort of role that is going to be lining him up for any awards. Toby Maguire was originally lined up for the project before he was dropped (he reportedly came to Fox with script notes, and they promptly cut off discussions with him), but Franco does seem a more natural fit, and does well enough in a role destined to be sidelined by the apes.And the apes are awesome. No, we haven't quite mastered fully realistic CGI yet -- especially when it's mixed with live actors. (WETA claims that the technology here is superior to "Avatar," but it's not as convincing, perhaps because the CGI so rarely interacted with human actors in "Avatar," and thus we were able to accept the fantasy world more willingly.) However, this is some of the best seen to date. Serkis (who previously played King Kong in Peter Jackson's remake) translates a brilliant performance, for which the film owes a great deal; Caesar is really the crux of the whole thing, and a poor or less realistic performance would have undermined the whole thing. It's the subtle stuff here that makes a difference -- the emotions captured in Caesar's facial expressions, or the glint of sympathy in his eyes when John Lithgow's character begins to suffer from Alzheimer's. There's a moment of genius in that particular scene where Caesar exchanges a sad, knowing glance with Franco's character, and it's eerily touching.Director Rupert Wyatt follows blockbuster blueprints from beginning to end, but by enriching the first three-quarters of his film with character development and an actual *story* (something so many blockbusters these days seem to be sorely lacking), when the big action sequence arrives at the end, you're invested in what's happening -- and you actually care.I confess to never having watched many of the "Apes" films. I do recall seeing the Tim Burton remake in theaters a decade ago, and even as a 12-year-old kid, I thought, Wow, this sucks. "Rise" is infinitely better, more creative and more emotionally stirring -- as aforementioned, it's nothing completely unique or novel from a storytelling standpoint, but it's well-crafted in an old-fashioned, refreshingly familiar way, and the addition of groundbreaking CGI makes it a "must-see" rather than something to catch on television. Fox isn't known for pleasing fans with their remakes and sequels (whether it be Die Hard or Wolverine), but Summer 2011 sees two of their biggest properties successfully reinvigorated: first "X-Men First Class," and now this. For my money, "Apes" is better -- perhaps the best blockbuster of the season -- which I never in a million years expected to say.Without spoiling anything, the film sets itself up for a sequel. Considering it's on track to smash expectations and take in $55 mil this weekend alone, it's pretty much a sure-thing that it will happen. Hopefully the follow-up takes heed of this film's strengths and doesn't abandon the character development in favor of boisterous action sequences. The fact that audiences are reacting strongly to this movie is an indication of what's been lacking all summer: stories with characters we care about. Go see this if you want to end a disappointing summer on a positive note.
평점: 8	리뷰: When I was a kid, I was at the zoo in the gorilla exhibit. There was this big gorilla pressed against the glass just staring at me. It was the first experience I had becoming face to face with a gorilla and it was between glass. The zookeeper told me that they can be very aggressive, and I just imagined what it could be like if there wasn't that glass separating us.This movie made me remember that experience.This is the kind of film that I go to films for. Masterful storytelling and awesome direction. It puts you right there without the needless 3D gimmick. I was engrossed into it from beginning to end. I saw it with someone who had no intentions of seeing this movie at all, and by the end even she had to admit that she enjoyed it.The film follows former Oscar host James Franco running a science lab filled with chimps, and he's conducting an experiment to end Alzeheimers disease. When one of the chimps run amok and get shot down, he discovers that she was carrying a baby chimp and he is forced to take the baby home to nurture him. There we discover that his dad (John Lithgow) has Alzeheimers and that is his motivation for discovering the cure.As the film goes on, we see the chimp grow into an adult, become smarter, and is being introduced to the world where he is regarded as an animal when he wants to be treated as a human. A turning point in the story where he is taken back to the lab with the other chimps, and how he struggles with mistreatment. Eventually they break out, and wages a war against the humans.That's telling the movie in a nutshell, but it's something to be experienced because there is a lot more detail to discover in the story. It's rich in storytelling, and there's a lot of emotion to be had. This is just something to be experienced at the cinema.My only gripes about this film is that I wish they would use actual chimps than CGI. At some points it almost took me out of the film because I keep wishing Hollywood would stop with the computers and use the real thing. Also the movie ended beautifully, but then they stick another scene in there a minute after the credits that I felt wasn't necessary other than to set up a sequel but they didn't need to put it in there.I can't recommend this film enough. This is the best summer movie of 2011 to me, by far. With summer almost ending, I doubt the rest of the lineup could live up to it. Long live the apes!
평점: 8	리뷰: It's hard to believe that it has been forty three years since the first Planet of the Apes movie came out and we had our first look at Earth when controlled by the simians. Although an attempt to revive the series was made ten years ago, the Planet of the Apes series seemed dead to a lot of my friends and me. However, this weekend the latest Planet of the Apes installment, Rise of the Planet of the Apes, has debuted. The question you may be asking now is, "Robbie is this movie worth seeing, or just another sad attempt to revive this series?" In my opinion, I believe this movie is worth seeing, but overall it's your call. So sit back and relax as we take a look at this movie.The premise to this movie can be deduced from the title alone as we see the origins to how the apes became the dominant life form of the planet. A journey to cure Alzheimer's disease is the spark to the war between ma n and ape as Will Rodman (James Franco) attempts to synthesize a drug to eliminate the disease that plagues his father (James Lithgow). After some chaotic and wild intro scenes, Franco ends up with Caesar (Andy Serkis) a baby chimp that has inherited the cure from his mother. With the positive results Caesar is showing, Will gives the compound to his father and brings him back from the brink of losing his mind. Eventually we see Caesar growing up and becoming even more intelligence as he begins questioning his role in Will and Caroline's (Frieda Pinto) life which soon leads down a path that we all see coming. See trailer hereThis prequel to the series was surprisingly done well and was much better than I had originally anticipated it to be. Franco for the most part shows off his talent as he captures the brilliant and motivated scientist determined to better the world. In a manner similar to his character in Spiderman, Franco is not an emotionless shell, but actually has a heart of gold that drives his actions and character. However, Franco as well as the rest of the supporting human cast all pale in comparison to the character development of Caesar, the main ape of the movie. In a series of stunning camera work, CGI animation, and wonderful writing we see the evolution of Caesar from lab experiment to leader. It's quite scary how Wyatt and company were able to put such human emotion into a digital chimpanzee, which brought the audience and me, further into the movie. I was able to relate to Caesar on a number of levels from protecting family and friend to the question and searching one's purpose in life. There were plenty of moments in this movie that pulled the strings of my heart and other times that left me satisfied at the actions that had just taken place. Again I will state that the CGI was excellent and perhaps was the best used medium for this movie, instead of the makeup we've seen in the past. Unlike other CGI movie we've seen this summer, i.e. Transformers 3, Green Lantern, Captain America, and more) the CGI was not overshadowed by things like action, over-dramatic live action, or slapstick comedy. Instead it was used to tell a science fiction story that felt real, relatable, and representative of a chimp in a foreign world. Serkis being the master of motion capture technology, has once again simulated creature movements to perfection. Although Caesar has so much human character to him, the movie still does a good job at showing that he is still has ape origins as he continues to run, communicate, and even play in ape like mannerisms. The combination of both ape and human qualities gives Caesar a quality unlike any well trained or animatronic animal I've seen in the past. Despite how strong the CGI tells the story, it still doesn't help with how predictable the story is. Throughout most of the movie, I was able to predict where the tale was going. Whether it involved Caesar's next actions, who was going to be attacked next, to what problems were going to occur, all of the actions were easily determined. An exception would be an unexpected killer of the human race, which I do not want to reveal. Perhaps another problem some may not enjoy is that once again humanity is the enemy and the source of all evil. Countless acts of greed, jealousy, fear, and various other attributes force the humans to make irrational decisions that are driven by emotions. While it does help drive the story, it did cause me to roll my eyes a few times. Yet a third weakness in this movie could be the lack of action that the trailers painted for us these past few months. Although it did not bother me, fans who are looking intense ape action will be strongly disappointed, as only the last twenty minutes or so has actual fighting. The story and character development were perhaps stronger due to the slower pace, but the action at the end is a good release of the suspense that builds up throughout most of the movie. Overall I applaud Rise of the Planet of the Apes and believe this to be a movie worthy of your time in the theaters. These days it is rare for a sci-fi flick to have such character development, emotion, and story as most are now mainly drowned out by explosions and flashy action scenes. However the superb acting, decent pace, and phenomenal combination of CGI and camera work really give the movie character and emotional drive. I'll give this movie an 8.0 for surprising me and am looking forward to seeing what's in store for the series next. Check in next time my friends for movie reviews on today's modern releases and soon classic movies. Take care!
평점: 8	리뷰: So I saw the Rise of the Planet of the Apes this past weekend and I must say, "kudos" to the writers and directors for staying true to the original story and set up of the first movie.(written by Pierre Boulle, Rick Jaffa, Amanda Silver. Directed by Rupert Wyatt) The movie had a well written story that kept you entertain and brought to life the life of Caesar in a great way. Caesar who was played by "Andy Serkis" who also played "Gollum/Smeagol" in the Lord of the Rings trilogy. Did a great job playing the character so that the role can be later animated during editing.The best parts of the movie for me was the interaction between the apes. And of course the quite parts of the movie, which in my eyes made you feel for the characters and then better understand their roles. I'm not a fan of James Franco, but his role was secondary in my eyes as the role of Caesar who's character was much more powerful. So even though his acting is not as good as I hoped it would be. The movie still made an impact even with him in it.This is a must watch if your into the Planet of the Apes series.In my B.S. Rating (The Bucho Scale of Rating) ------- I Rated it a 18/20 Story -5 Acting - 4 Entertainment -4 Cinematography - 5
평점: 7	리뷰: After the trailer piqued my interest I was expecting quite a different plot to the original "Apes", and now it's over I can say I was not disappointed.In the original story humans travel though space to a planet inhabited by intelligent monkeys. This plot was fine for schoolboy comics but it really required a leap of faith for the cinema goers. The latest tale gives a more plausible (though still quite ridiculous) explanation for the monkeys' rise to master their own destiny: Their intelligence was boosted accidentally by medication. OK, it sounds a bit lame but the film is actually very good on many levels. The stars (monkeys) all have personalities, even without the ability to speak. There are many scenes where I felt genuinely bad about the way they were treated. The modern digital imaging is just incredible - I really couldn't tell what I was watching was computer generated, and the expressions on their faces are better acted than their supporting human cast!The story starts off slowly but even then it's never boring. Things really get rolling about halfway though, and it's an action movie after all....so the climax comes with plenty of thrills as the alpha males (human and ape) contend for dominance in a shoot out like you have never seen before.Although this wasn't the most rip-roaring movie I have seen this year, it was by far the most original. Full marks for the plot, and high marks for the testosterone (you could almost smell it)! Loved it. If you are a big kid, go watch it, you'll love it too. If you liked Tree of Life then I am afraid this is not one for you!
평점: 4	리뷰: Was expecting a good movie based on reviews here, but sorry to say I thought it was really bad. Couldn't get past the really bad cgi monkeys, sorry, I mean apes. The acting was bad too. James Franco as a scientist? Don't think so. I watched about half or more and then turned it off. I did make it far enough to see a couple references to the Planet of Apes movies, but from a movie like this it was more an insult than anything. I don't have anything else to say but they won't let me publish it with 10 lines minimum, which I didn't know because this is my first review, and that really p1sses me off. I'm glad I never did this before now. Won't be doing it again. This does nothing but promote a bunch of long-winded reviews from movie critic wannabes. Don't care about reviews from people who had Movie History 101 in college and now think they're Roger Ebert. I just want to know if the ordinary guy like me thought it was good or not.
평점: 10	리뷰: Defiantly one of the best movies this year. I have never really been a fan of the planet of the apes, but this movie makes me want to watch more highly intelligent apes in action! James Franco does great in this, but don't forget Andy Serkis who plays as the leader of the highly intelligent apes Caesar. The reason this movie was made was to make a message. "Don't change what is not meant to be changed" because most likely in real life this would actually happen. And that's what makes this movie brilliant the fact that in real life ***SPOLIERS*** if Ape's intelligence was increased they would probably revolt and start taking over And the reason is because apes are much stronger than humans. We're basically The weaker of the primates but we are highly intelligent and that's the reason We are so supeior but just imagine a huge gorilla with the brain of a human. That's scary! 10/10
평점: 6	리뷰: After reading all the reviews and all the hype, I decided to go watch this movie and to be honest I don't know why this movie was hyped up and why it got such good reviews.... Besides the special effects, I found this movie an average flick. Storyline was average and very predictable. There was nothing special in the acting side of the movie. The movie dragged for the first half an hour to an hour...If you haven't watched it yet and you are looking for something more than special effects, I recommend you should just wait for the DVD to come out instead of going to the movies...
평점: 6	리뷰: Having been less than enthralled with the ad campaign Fox has presented for this new film in this long-running saga, my expectations were set really low and it was more out of curiosity rather than desire to see this. The ads painted this up like another over-active CG fest with huge scenes of Apes running amok...no real indication of what the story is or if there was any more than the action.I'm delighted to say that my expectations were blown away and than some. This is one of the most well-written scripts for this genre of movie in a long time. It is directed with a great balance of energy and character with many great moments that require no heavy dialogue to propel the story. The last act features plenty of the action shown in the trailers, but the ape's motivations for theses scenes is a wonderful surprise.There is plenty of attention paid to previous entries of the saga, while still being a great stand-alone picture...that's not to say groundwork isn't laid for more...it is.The special effects here are truly stellar...totally here to service the characters and the story. The main character, a chimp named Caesar, is allowed to develop with the nuances and moment that wouldn't work without the stunning collaboration of Serkis and WETA (the actor and the special effects crew).If you're a fan of the "Apes" saga, prepare to be blown away and to spend lots of time recounting the movie and wondering what'll happen next. Be sure and sit still when the credits roll...there's a great coda that not only answers some questions, but sets the stage quite well...Great movie!
평점: 10	리뷰: my expectation for this movie was a seven or eight but it was actually not that bad i haven't seen the original until after seeing this one and could follow along with this prequel pretty well. I liked the acting and the plot very much. I really like how the writers showed a different perspective on how the planet of the aps came to be, there was also a lot of connection to the originals. Another thing that was really good about this movie was the emotion that it produced.Although this is a prequel with a different perspective on what the humans fate was i could see this being a good (but different) explanation as to how it all started. I also thought that the ideas were well thought out, clever and creative with lots of suspense. after watching this then the original i saw how in this the aps were treated the same way the humans were treated in the original and thought it was cool how they kept things similar. last i liked how Cesar wasn't really drawn to vengeance and seeking blood but just wanted to be free with his own kind and where he belonged.Overall this is a fantastic movie with great affects and acting: 9/10
평점: 8	리뷰: I went to watch this movie to see Frieda Pinto, with my friend, who is a distant cousin of her. But, I found the acting of Ceaser more interesting then Pinto.I had a brief idea of the movie, before i went, and also i got positive reviews from my friends about it.But I had a very different experience in the movie. The story rolled slowly , unfolding the events in exquisite manner, and it was becoming more interesting to watch Cesar.The movie's screenplay and direction were very good. even though the story is known,and predictable, the screenplay makes it really interesting to watch. The things which i liked in this movie were,the way the apes were getting trained by Cesar, the angry and estranged looks on Cesar,the action scenes and the coup at the climax by apes.All in all, its a very good movie,and the story rightly tells,what the animals want, they even don't want to harm humans. they want to go to their home. i would watch it again and again.
평점: 8	리뷰: Think what happens when another specie on this planet become as intelligent as humans? Or what if that specie come out to be smarter than humans? How will the humans cope with that?'Rise of the planet of the apes' explores these questions that nobody had dared to explore until now. In this movie, humans are testing a drug on Chimps which have made them very intelligent. Now I am not trying to reveal the whole story but for some reason, humans decide to stop production of this drug and kill all chimps involved with this experiment except... one baby chimp. The theme of the movie is based on the very successful formula of 'revolution'. But what I like about the plot is that it doesn't just focus on one theme, but mixes several themes quite well which includes moral and ethical dilemma about scientific development and the human tendency to avoid death. ===Plot vaguely revealed below=== So this baby-chimp grows out to be a very intelligent one and is named 'Caesar'. One of the things about being too smart is that you tend learn fast, you start to think, you desire of... 'freedom'. Feeling secluded from humans, 'Caesar' decides to grow his own kind to be more intelligent and 'free'. However, 'Caesar's quest doesn't compel him on killing humans. What I really admire about the plot is the reluctance of the lead ape to kill any human being until the end. This helps the script to not end in senseless killing of humans by apes, which, I was afraid the movie might fall into that kind of temptation, I am glad it didn't. So the surprising part in the movie is that 'Caesar' is not portrayed as villain, instead, he is portrayed as a leader who saves his-kind from the clutches of humans. ===Plot vaguely revealed above===This movie is very well directed and choreographed. Story in the movie is very strong and fresh. Movie makers have tried to explore new idea that will surely attract crowds. I fell in love with the special effects of this movie that made expressions on the chimps face look very 'human-like'. These special effects are not only good, but will put you back on your feet as it tend to have a scary effect on your mind to see an ape behave like human. The way this movie ends, would suggest that we shouldn't be surprised if a sequel comes out next year.My suggestion: If you are into sci-fi movies, you would like this.
평점: 9	리뷰: Have you ever been surprised by a movie? Ever saw a movie trailer and then thought over that, "hmmm, this will be something good to watch", or "just another summer cash cow movie". Well this is aimed towards both. I went to the cinema with normal expectations for this movie, to watch apes take over the world. But instead, I got presented by a story, which is well crafted around the characters and especially the apes. There were scenes that were spectacularly done and performed. James Franco did look out his normal best at times, but then again, hey, this ain't a movie around him, but this is a movie where the apes takes the center stage or at least AN ape named, Caesar. The movie opens with a very heart wrenching capture of the chimps and from there is straight on jumps on its wheels and never slows down in its momentum. It doesn't go fast at any point, everything in place was well put. I would be wrong If I say that "after watching this movie", but I would even put, "while watching this movie", I started to realize the surprise factor it packs. It's not A surprise that you should be waiting to look for, the movie as a whole is a surprise packed for you to watch. We all know that this movie is a reboot or a reboot. At least that's a perception you will get upon watching the trailer. But not, (I'm not giving out a spoiler up next), it's a connector bridging the gap between the incidents, where Charlton Hesston/Mark Wahlberg left for their space expedition, then got trapped in the whole space storm, and came to the Planet of the Apes. Yes this movie shows what happened then. There are even two big clues in the movie for you to grasp on to. Yes two. One of which is during the credits. So there you are, the story is right in its place where it should be. Over all the acting was good, based on the characters given, they performed well. The main focus should be on the chimp's expressions and acting delivery, because there are CGI chimps and not real ones, yeah some scenes might have some real chimps shown, but it's mainly a CGI enriched movie. Andy Serkis stands out, even in a motion capture version, he stands out. There is this one scene in the movie, which will indeed grab you. It deserves to be in the best movie moments. So all in all Rise of the Planet of the Apes is one of the best origin movies ever to hit. The ape intelligence shown and the story momentum are really good and it's all well placed. So do go to your local cinema and check this movie out, for it will not disappoint you!
평점: 9	리뷰: I will start out with a very bold statement in saying that in my opinion this is the best movie of 2011 thus far. The cast is amazing including an incredibly talented Andy Serkis who gives Caesar more emotion than most human actors in films today. The script is riddled with great dialogue and although there are a few cliché's it doesn't hinder the film. All the apes look realistic and extremely lifelike to the the point that you'd swear they were all real and the trainer was just off camera. The last half hour is devoted to an action sequence involving the apes and the Golden Gate bridge. There are a number of truly brilliant shots that follow the apes as they move around the environment, and several tracking shots that blew my mind at how well executed they were. This is one of very few times, where I have walked out of a theatre wanting a sequel. Forgive me if I am gushing but I loved this film and cannot help laugh in a way because it's a movie about Apes and the humans are secondary characters. Another unexpected fascination was that the Ape learned sign language and used that to communicate with his owner (franco) and other Apes. They never speak, but the way they act and their facial expressions say it all. Everyone should watch this, especially those familiar with the original film.
평점: 9	리뷰: Saw rise of apes yesterday..went to this film with huge expectations and gladly my expectations were fulfilled..to begin with..this movie has good cast..some decent performances from James Franco and Frieda pinto..the best performance is from the ape..Ceaser(Andy Serkis) steals the show..he did a brilliant portrayal of the ape..this movie also has some striking visuals..good story line..some fast paced action sequences..this movie has some minor flaws which aren't evident enough..Weta digital proves that it is the king of special effects..i think academy awards must also include a 'best CGI character award' category...i smell some Oscars for this film..kudos to new director Rupert Wyatt for giving us such a great movie..this is the best summer blockbuster of 2011..i give this movie 9/10..
평점: 9	리뷰: Now I had pretty high expectations from seeing the trailer to this movie,and being a fan of the Apes franchise.Andy Serkis as Caesar is the real lead of this movie.It may say James Franco on the poster,but this is no doubt Andy Serkis's movie.Watching Serkis play Caesar you can understand why a Ape uprising could happen.I pretty much sided with the Apes the whole movie really.The CGI effects in the movie were inspired,which isn't often the case.Basic review of this movie without giving to much away,goes as follows.Humans make super smart ape.Humans make super smart Ape mad.Than mad super ape starts a revolution against humans.Also like the homage with the astronaut leaving for Mars going back to the original Planet of the Apes.Summer movie's nowadays don't offer to many just pure popcorn flicks,but Apes achieves that.

영화제목: Captain America: The First Avenger
평점: 9	리뷰: I had the pleasure of watching a sneak preview for this and thought it was a great superhero movie. It follows the "superhero formula" but that's to be expected. There are plenty of references to the comics as well as the other Marvel movies. There are numerous comic book references and foreshadowing that I probably can't even write here but will excite most of the comic book fans. In fact, Howard Stark plays a prominent role in this film and you see where Tony Stark gets his charm. The movie really captures that patriotic spirit that permeated the US during WW2. The movie itself almost becomes like one of those military recruitment ads it showcases. It is chock full of flag-waving patriotism. But you probably should expect that going to a movie called "Captain America."Chris Evans is a good Captain America and downplays any flashiness associated with him as the Human Torch. The CGI effects that show him as a scrawny twig were seamless. He carries that vulnerability with him throughout the film whether he is getting beaten up physically or emotionally. The rest of the cast fills their roles well- especially Tommy Lee Jones as the gruff, but lovable, colonel and Hugo Weaving as the evil baddie bent on wold domination. Those two play their characters the way you would expect them to. Although I was waiting the whole time for Hugo Weaving to say "Mr. Anderson." The only odd twist is that Captain America's sidekick from the comics, Bucky Barnes, is much tougher and older than you'd expect. There are numerous one-liners throughout the movie that drew chuckles from the audience. You also get plenty of action and explosions which are always a crowd favorite. Stylistically, it's very similar to Iron Man. Overall, it's a fun comic book adaptation that really adds into steam Marvel is building up to with The Avengers. Nice work.
평점: 8	리뷰: I was truly lucky to catch a preview screening of Captain America and i am ever so grateful because Cap is without a doubt one of the best Marvel-hero films of all time. Chris Evans was a great choice for Captain America, having his extremely heroic tendencies and his weaknesses (you see them progress from the beginning of the movie). He has no terrible lines and, coming from a comic-book fan, knows how to fill the shoes of a superhero without any real powers, during WWII. Joe Johnston was a fantastic choice as the director, with a pretty good 'track record' behind him (Hidalgo, Jurassic Park III, Jumanji, October Sky). Joe truly knows how to show us a sci-fi story during a historic time period without having any hiccups or mistakes that could bring the movie down greatly.Captain America is one of the greatest Marvel comic-book adaptations of all time and should not be missed, even if you aren't a comic book fan because Cap has everything any action/adventure movie would have to make it great. Don't miss it 9/10 Stars***
평점: 8	리뷰: Another perk of serving our country... an advance screening of a great film! Intelligent comic-book popcorn epics are rare and this one is definitely a cut above the usual fare. Besides being a tremendously smart and even emotional film, it's also refreshing to see a lead hero be just that... a hero. Steve is no morbid vigilante or narcissistic self absorbed anti-hero. He's the real deal. His tough life hasn't made him bitter or jaded. In fact, it's done just the opposite. He's needed to develop character because his body didn't develop. This is the key to Cap both in the books and in the film. Heart and character trump the physical elements and are what truly makes the character itself special. Even after he's given the great gift of being a "super soldier," he still continues to do the right thing. It's not to prove anything to anyone other than himself because he has a high moral code. I love the fact that they choose his character for the experiment because he wouldn't take advantage of the gift. That's smart writing. Cap's first assignment from the U.S. government is to be the centerpiece in a traveling USO show, building morale and raising money for the war effort. Eventually, he finds he's wasting his new abilities and NEEDS to break away on his own to fight the Nazi menace. This brings him to conflict with the awesomely diabolical Red Skull. The Skull is one of Marvel's best crazed villains and they captured that perfectly. Here, the Red Skull was a guinea pig for a similar Nazi super soldier experiment that went very wrong. These clashes and confrontations are everything they should be and more. Shades of gray are great in film (and there are those tones present here) but sometimes it's good to have character of pure heart, pure integrity and true morality take it to what history and everyone knows was pure evil. It's refreshing to sit back and root for the ultimate good to take it to the ultimate bad guys. It's why I loved Raiders of the Lost Ark and it's why I now love this film.I enjoyed every single minute of this wonderful film!
평점: 8	리뷰: This film delivers a lot of action, an intriguing plot, a tantalizing and beautiful love interest, many humorous moments, powerful messages about internal fortitude and courage, a classic villain, superb acting and many of the basic essentials of any good action movie. Including, incredible stunts, unbelievable feats and, not to be vulgar, but a climax that plays out like a multiple orgasm. The finish features one wave after another of edge of your seat moments. A good summer movie season just got better and I'm not exaggerating one bit. I've read comparisons to Raiders of the Lost Ark and that says it all right there.I'd have to rate Captain America as Great/Fantastic, one of the best comic book movies ever made. It is as close to a perfect adventure movie as you can get. Superman has generally held the title as most fondly remembered or nostalgic superhero film. Spider-Man has generally held the title as most beloved superhero film because of the character. TDK has generally held the title as most technically sound and highly rated superhero film. Iron Man has generally held the title as best all-around superhero film. Well, Captain America can compete with them all in every category. It is IMO near perfect on every level. It's tight, lean, well acted, fun and superbly done.
평점: 10	리뷰: I just got back from a special pre-screening (no they didn't show Avengers trailer but..) CA is awesome! I give it an 85 because there were some things they could improve on, but man was it awesome. I'd say Iron man is still #1, but CA is pretty dang close. It is par with Hulk and then comes Thor and IM 2. Yes I liked the Hulk, I couldn't figure out what fans didn't like about it, anyways another time. Great movie, I will for sure go see it again. I don't get why the critics are giving it bad reviews, I feel like they are now bias to comic book movies, or just don't understand what's going on in it. The only thing wrong with CA was that it wasn't 5 hours long, which makes sense, it was a little rushed, but whatever all the important pieces were there. It was great story telling, and man Chris Evans is Steve Rogers!!! The Red Skull was great too, an actual scary bad guy. And those of you who were worried, don't be there are Nazis and swastikas in it. It followed the comic almost perfectly, almost, you'll see what I mean, but I think for the movie universe it might just work out. The director did a perfect story telling job her, couldn't ask for anything better. I'd like to see some multiple emotional stories in a sequel as well as more bad guys. Anyways I'm pumped for Avengers (now we can see why CA is one of the greatest heroes in the Marvel Universe), and I will go see CA again tomorrow at midnight and again on Fri so hopefully I'll catch my Avengers trailer. This is one movie I don't mind paying for 2d or 3d, it's all about the story here.
평점: 10	리뷰: Yes I said it. I personally even enjoyed it more than Iron Man actually, because Captain America The First Avenger has much more to it than just great action sequences and a solid story. It has heart. The quiet confidence of star Chris Evans speaks the loudest without him even saying anything and ultimately, that's what makes this movie succeed more than anything else. I enjoyed Chris Evans performance so much in this film I kind of wish he had never played Johnny Storm from the Fantastic Four movies. He was just that good, and to me was born to play this role. Without a doubt he IS Captain America. The film is extremely well casted and Marvel may have just nailed their most frightening/menacing villain yet. Hugo Weaving plays the Red Skull who squares off against Captain America and who's motives tie into a previous Marvel Studio film. *hint hint.. Thor* This is also the very first Marvel Studio film without a rushed romance. The chemistry between Chris Evans and co-star Hayley Atwell oozes off screen and makes for Marvel Studios first believable romance. (I liked Thor's romance as well but compared to Captain America the romance in that felt too rushed) The movie really does a terrific job of making you feel for Steve Rogers before his transformation. I felt the skinny Steve scenes were the most meaningful and helped you to really connect with Steve after the transformation as well. The pacing of the movie is really well done. It never dragged once, and kept me interested and entertained the entire time. The action is also very fast-paced and slick, director Joe Johnston definitely knows how to work the camera around an action scene. The fights are very easy to distinguish and their are really no quick cuts or "slow mo" scenes (which is director Zack Synder's forte.) and I really appreciated that. Overall I would give Captain America the First Avenger a 5/5 I just absolutely loved this film and cannot wait to see it again. It captures the spirit of old adventure classics and you can definitely see a bit of an influence from "The Rocketeer" in this film. Go see it! Captain America is without a doubt the best comic book movie out this summer! I enjoyed it better than Thor and X-Men First Class (both which I loved as well) so that should definitely tell you something! See it in theaters while you have the chance!
평점: 10	리뷰: When I first heard that Captain America was being brought to the screen I cringed. How could they translate the complexity of character and his true coolness but stay away from any cheese? Dress a guy in the flag and remain true to the seriousness of the Depression and World War Two era? Well, they managed to pull it off almost perfectly! The director knew that you had to establish and truly care about the character before he was transformed. He spends valuable screen time establishing his characters and the universe but does so with style and with heart. Making it a period piece really helps give it a flavor unlike any other comic adaptation. The director worked on Raiders of the Lost Ark and it shows. If you could compare Captain America to any film, it would be that one. Everything established early pays dividends, allowing the action to flow but also allowing for better development of the plot. This also allows them to probe deeper into the character's personalities. This heightens the tension, so often missing from comic-book movies, and adds real weight to the action sequences which are thrilling and often mesmerizing. The result is a film that's just flat out exceptional.
평점: 7	리뷰: By all accounts, Captain America: The First Avenger should have stolen the spotlight for all of 2011. The special effects consisted of easily the most impressive batch of explosions, gunfights, and fantastical vehicles so far this year. There were no complaints in the acting department: Chris Evans was born to play the Captain and was strongly supported on each side by the talents of Hayley Atwell as the gorgeous Peggy Carter and veteran actor Tommy Lee Jones as Colonel Phillips. And as well all know, Hugo Weaving, perfectly capable of delivering the most dreadful of villains, had his shot at the infamous Johann Schmidt (or Red Skull). Adopting one of the most classic American stories of our time, and across the fascinating historical backdrop of WWII, this film had all the elements perfectly aligned and was geared to set the bar for all superhero movies to come. Don't get me wrong, Captain America: The First Avenger was solid in almost every aspect and incredibly entertaining, but a groundbreaking superhero film it is not. What went wrong? Warning: Criticism and minor spoilers lie ahead!Film adaptations of comic books are notorious in their development of the superhero. In many cases the film waits until its latter half before fully empowering protagonist, and the confrontations with the villain are squeezed into a rushed conclusion. Captain America actually reverses this timing decision, and Steve Rogers' transformation into the American hero is one of the first events that happens in the movie. But the remainder of the film STILL manages to feel miserably rushed. Superheroes are typically given a couple chances to gain a command over their powers; they practice, experiment, and sometimes even fail, but the hero is developed as a result of the learning process, not instantaneously established. Captain America is at fault here. The moment a relatively inexperienced Captain America decides to leap past enemy lines he immediately, and miraculously, becomes a human wrecking ball, knocking away everything in his path from Nazis to high-tech tanks. In fact, all of his 'missions' to destroy the enemy bases - except the first and last - are shown within one frustratingly short montage full only of Captain America glory shots. Montages can work, when timed correctly, but Captain America utterly fails to build up to this sequence - Steve Rogers is simply thrown into the fray... and wins. Another major miss can be attributed to the character of Johann Schmidt. In my humble personal opinion, a superhero movie can only be as good as its villain. Apparently the writers did not share my sentiments, because Hugo Weaving was awarded a criminally small amount of screen time. Weaving gave a good effort but was unfortunately not given much to work with. The most 'evil' the Red Skull gets is expressed through a couple angry snarls and intentional friendly fire during the action montage. However, the most impacting flaw was the film's conclusion. I won't say exactly what the ending entails, but I will say it is frustratingly ironic. After a sudden and abrupt cut in the action, instead of wrapping up any of the romantic or historical plots of the movie - in fact, instead of wrapping up ANY part of the movie - it suddenly shifts to a drastically different setting in order to set up the future 'The Avengers' film. Whether or not The Avengers will take care of the loose ties remains to be seen. It seemed like a tragedy that the original story was not concluded at all to my satisfaction, but when I remembered the full title of the movie I chided myself for expecting anything different.I left the theater feeling a bit divided over what my opinion of the film should be. On one hand it was an improved Marvel work that everyone seemed to enjoy, but on the other hand it betrayed my expectations for the 10-star superhero masterpiece I had imagined. In the end, I'll give the movie the benefit of the doubt; while it still has flaws, Captain America: The First Avenger may still come out on top of the Marvel pile. 8/10
평점: 7	리뷰: "General Patton has said that wars are fought with weapons but are won by men. Our goal is to create the greatest army in history. But every army begins with one man. He will be the first in a new breed of super-soldier. We are going to win this war because we have the best men. And they, personally, will escort Adolf Hitler to the gates of Hell." Col. Chester Phillips (Tommy Lee Jones) In Captain America: The First Avenger, Steve Rogers (Chris Evans) has been determined unfit for service in WWII, so he volunteers for a secret project that changes him into America's ace defender, Captain America, and the first of the Avengers, who have adorned our summers with satisfying action forever it seems.What makes this such an agreeable adventure sci fi is director Joe Johnston's ability to underplay the graphics in favor of the characterizations. While some of the artillery is molecular obliterating, mostly it's pumped up WWII munitions with the real pumping coming in the terrific war boosting scenes with song and dance, just the way the US sold war bonds to finance the real war.With Tommy Lee Jones as Col. Chester Phillips and Hugo Weaving as Johann Schmidt/Red Skull, the adventure is old-fashioned comic-book good and one of the highlights of the summer. Nobody plays the hard-nose with a heart better than Jones, and Weaving's nefarious Nazi makes you almost, but not really, forget Christoph Waltz's Oscar winning Col. Hans Landa.I have always judged these movies in part on the central romance, that formulaic hookup between the hero and some form of a fawning female. Thor (Chris Hemsworth) loves scientist Jane Foster (Natalie Portman), a silly connection with a silly Portman goo-goo eyed over the godly visitor. On the other hand, Captain America's connection with army officer Peggy Carter movies gently in a dance that has the usual rough beginning but ending nicely with love and admiration.Captain America: The First Avenger belongs to all the cast, who delivered just the right beats to the overall music of playful, escapist summer.
평점: 7	리뷰: If there's one major element that truly sets this movie apart from any other standard "solid" comic book movie, it is the way through which the director communicates the experience. We feel for Steve Rogers and fully embrace the character as we go along with him on this amazing ride. This movie isn't about comic book pulp or American propaganda but about a deep and meaningful story. The elements are fantastical but perfectly balanced by the time period and "greatest generation" setting. This visual and emotional imagery is presented throughout the movie and provides the viewer with greater insight into the heroes AND villains. This one screams quality from the opening scene and screams fun all the way through.For those going into this flick expecting a lot of fun, prepare to enjoy-- although fun's not the only piece of this pie. In fact, I think all movie fans will be stunned at how many levels this movie delivers upon. This is a smart and surprisingly deep film that really delivers everything I wanted to see.
평점: 7	리뷰: Swift shot: Captain America is one bad-ass hero. He defines courage and commitment; quite literally he has inspired thousands of people, men and women, to don their nation's uniform as soldiers – and Chris Evans doesn't hump the bunk. He was Human Torch in Fantastic Four as well, and that character was a real punk. With Steve Rogers, though, Evans brings a more serious presence to the classic shield-wielding super soldier. As his creator reminds him, a strong man loses respect for strength and power, but a weak man will never take it for granted. Still, none of that matters a hill of beans, because Tommy Lee Jones as the ever charming, Colonel Phillips, steals the whole film! Steve Rogers is a courageous man in an ill-matched frame. He is never afraid to stick up for the little guy, and his passion for his nation is unequaled. When war is upon his people, he wants desperately to join the military ranks. But, try as he might, he always comes back a 4F, reject/defect. He has tried lying several times, but the astute military doctors always give him the same diagnosis, and merely the asthma alone keeps him disqualified after countless attempts. On his last attempt though, he earns the attention of a German Doctor Erskine (Stanley Tucci) who selects him for a top-secret, super soldier squad. From there, his life is never the same – his path as the First Avenger is chiseled in stone.Captain America was always one of my favorite heroes as a kid, because he symbolized hope and the promise that regardless of size or stature, the size of your character can lead to great things if you commit yourself. Really, that is what Cap is all about, and that is why he hates bullies – they have strength but use it for evil. They are spoiled. Steve does quite a bit of bully bashing in this film, but his journey to become Captain America doesn't necessarily play out as he envisioned.Meanwhile, across the Atlantic, the Nazi super scientist group, Hydra (kill one head, two more grow back) led by the incredibly power- hungry Johan Schmidt (Hugo Weaving) is searching for what most assume to be legend, but he and Hydra deem fact. Finally capturing the super-natural element, Hydra is nearly unstoppable on the battlefield.And, while this movie may be torn from a comic book, it is, in earnest a war film, set almost entirely in the 1940s as war ravages the world and madmen are commonplace. Still, that is an adequate setting for a comic book, now that I think about it. Because Rogers is a Captain, he needs a commander, enter Colonel Chester Phillips (Tommy Lee Jones) who had high hopes for the super soldier serum, but Hydra quickly shatters his dreams and he becomes more grounded and pragmatic as the film proceeds. Still, Phillips' team is staffed by the lethally accurate Agent Carter (Hayley Atwell), who is as gorgeous as she is deadly with a pistol, and Howard Stark (Dominic Cooper), yes, THAT Howard Stark, the head of Stark Industries. And where would any self-respecting super-hero be without his trusty side-kick, for Cap, the omnipresent Bucky (Sebastian Stan) who is there for Steve regardless of risk.Some of the things that really worked in this film, the Gothic stylized Hydra sequences, where the action really feels set in the forties against somewhat modern technology courtesy of Hydra and Stark conversely. The story was a bit hokey in places, but for the most part can be forgiven for simply trying to stay true red, white and blue to Cap's origins. Remember, this is an origin film, and they can be difficult to keep flowing. The costumes and the 3D effects with the shield were pretty smashing, if you'll excuse the pun . . . one guy to my left actually flinched when Cap tossed his shield seemingly at the audience through a clever bounce off a troop-carrier to dispatch a Hydra agent.There is plenty of action in Captain America, but there is also a lot of cheese – even scenes that were supposed to be 'dramatic' captured a few unintended laughs from the audience, like during the Hydra salute scenes, each time they drew a moan and a snort-giggle. But, while those laughs were unintended, EVERY line Tommy Lee Jones delivered got a huge reaction from the audience, and I would see this film again just to experience them with new friends at my side. Finally, the Howling Commandos make their first appearance, much to the delight of stalwart Cap fans – and they blow up a lot sh-t and cause a huge ruckus.What I didn't like about Captain America was, sadly, Chris Evans was believable, and he passed, but I never got a lump in my throat where I felt he had become Captain America, where I really felt for him. It was more like, I knew I was watching a film and being entertained the entire time – still, he was Human Torch already, so maybe that destroyed the immersion factor that so many Role Players seek when casting their two ten-sided dice and comparing FASERIP. Like, to me, Hugh Jackman IS Wolverine, period. I can't say the same for Evans. Also, Red Skull was never developed to any significant degree, he was well portrayed by Weaving, who simply loves wearing false faces it seems.But, if you just love The Avengers, and especially if you love the Captain America character, this is one for you to screen – there is a lot of big action, grandiose special effects and while I saw this in 3D, there were really only three sequences worthy of 3D and almost so self-serving it becomes detracting.
평점: 9	리뷰: I just returned from the midnight opening of "Captain America: The First Avenger" and I must say that I am a nut to be sitting here writing this review at 3am! But, considering how pumped I felt after seeing the film, I guess this is understandable.When the film began, the history teacher part of me was quite happy. Many films purport to try to replicate WWII and many fail miserably. However, aside from all the anachronisms (many of which were in the original WWII-era Captain America comics), the film got the look right. I think having Joe Johnston direct has a lot to do with this, as his job with "The Rocketeer" was also excellent in this regard. Getting down the look and style of the time is a big plus. Sure, the special effects were absolutely grand--but the little things such as hairstyles, dress and language all were quite vintage.The next thing I noticed about this film that sets it apart from some of the lesser films based on comics (such as "Daredevil") was that it had a great sense of fun and, occasionally, a nice sense of humor. While way too old for the role, Tommy Lee Jones had some really great lines--a few of which made me laugh--and shouldn't a superhero film be fun?! The third thing I noticed was that this film really could not have been made until recently. I am not just talking about the 3-D (which was nice but unnecessary as in most films) but the way they got Red Skull to look, the way they shrunk Chris Evans for the first portion of the film and the great giant plane scenes towards the end were all impossibilities until recently and made the film just look fabulous. The last superhero film that managed to look this good was "Thor"--which, in my opinion, was about the equal to "Captain America" for overall quality and entertainment.Now despite me enjoying the acting, direction, set designs and practically everything else, there were a few minor things I did not like--and herein come a few spoilers. So, STOP READING unless you don't mind finding out a couple big plot points. Bucky's character seemed underdeveloped in the film and his apparent death came way too quickly. In addition, the big showdown with Red Skull and Captain America was way too brief. After all, Red Skull was also a super-soldier--so why did his demise happen so easily?! And, why didn't they just have him also crash into the ice at the end (allowing his return in subsequent films)? In other words, all this buildup--only to have it all resolved too quickly. But, despite these complaints, the overall film is as good a superhero film as you can find. Well worth seeing. And, like the best recent Marvel films, stay to the very end to see some more cool stuff and look for the cute cameo involving Stan Lee.
평점: 8	리뷰: There was an atmosphere around Captain America that other superhero movies seem to be lacking in different amounts and that is the likability and humility of the way this particular hero is portrayed. Odd enough, as America is often branded as being the epitome of arrogance and pride. But instead of being somewhat disgusted with the protagonist's bravado and sleazy "charm" as other movies may want you to completely buy into, I found myself cheering for Captain America, not because I didn't want evil to win, but because I didn't want good to lose. It seems to me like some of the more recent super hero movies force the audience to cheer for the lesser evil. Sure, the hero's a jerk, but hey, if he doesn't do anything about it then the world will explode. Yay, hero. Captain America has you cheering for him the whole way through because he keeps his integrity and stays true to what he stands for. The movie is quite clean, funny, and keeps its head on track. The villains are evil enough, but not obsessively dark as if trying to be villainy. The only small gripe I had was that I wanted to see more of Captain America in action! I know this was an origin story so we had to keep it simple and build the base of this hero but to see a couple more built up action scenes of Captain hitting people with his shield would have been great! Don't get me wrong, the ones they had were fine, but I just would have liked to see more is all. The effects were great, I wasn't concerned with plot holes or awkward gaps, and it kept my interest(most important factor in my book). Just got back from the 12:00 screening and ran out before I had to listen to all the goofy comic book nerds rave about what they just saw. From a total newbie to this comic-screen adaption, this was a pleasant experience that I would recommend. 8/10
평점: 7	리뷰: I saw a midnight screening of this movie and i walked in with high hopes. I like Chris Evans and so far the other Marvel movies that have been released to lead up to the Avengers movie, have been pretty well done.No movie is perfect, but this movie had so much hype, that it had to be...but i (as much as many others) kinda got disappointed. *SPOILERSSSSSS* The scenes in the movie kinda looked like they were put together a little sloppy. One scene didn't add up to the other, but you got the hint on what was going on. Also the ending was rather weak. The last line in the movie "I had a date", then credits roll...that's not a way to end a superhero movie let alone Captain America.Good things, well the acting was great. The jokes were always spot on and the action was pretty well laid out.Captain America was all around a good movie, i was just sitting at the end of the movie a little disappointed and confused. 7/10
평점: 6	리뷰: With all the chips finally falling into place, there's only one left to go. But can the Capt. fit in with the rest of the already awesome group? Ever since "Batman Begins", studios came to realization that an origins story can have an unreal amount of depth and be extremely entertaining at the same time. They have since applied this method to "IronMan" "X-Men: First Class" and so on. However, other movies have failed to miss this mark. And in it's own little way, to me, 'Captain America' kind of missed it as well. Allow me to explain...For starters, the villain 'Red Skull' played the fantastic Hugo Weaving, was probably the biggest disappointment of the film. No, not by his acting, but by his level of depth, or lack thereof. In my opinion, he is the dullest villain on screen. I guess the writers and director thought that by him being a Nazi, the audience would already buy the fact that he is an evil person, so they just went ahead and explained of his back story, which is summed up in a 15 second flashback sequence. Hmmmm, really......i kind of need more than that.In fact, Captain America's back story was kind of weak as well. Don't get me wrong, there is a great character within, however, they didn't really shoot the moon on this one, which is kind of upsetting, because you could really sense the potential.But once Steve Rodgers gains his super human powers, it's just one action sequence after another, with Red Skull occasionally making an appearance. I guess this was an attempt to remind the audience who the villain was, because he's barely on screen for more than 5 minutes.Don't get me wrong, the movie is slightly entertaining. It was just missing that WOW factor. Marvel tends to do this a lot. They really focus on the 'love' aspect, and they don't pay attention to the battle within both the good and evil characters. You kind of sensed that in "Thor", but they obviously made up for it in the long run.Bottom Line.....yes, you get your dollar's worth, but i kind of wanted something more. With the whole team coming together next summer, i have to say that the Capt. is probably my least favorite of the bunch.
평점: 10	리뷰: So I am an avid movie goer and a fan of all Marvel movies, but this one takes the cake, well for now at least.I knew from the start that if this movie wouldn't have been up-to-par the audience would strike back with vicious yells and profanity, because of the approval of The Amazing Spider-Man and The Dark Knight Rises trailers and the way no one said a thing after seeing the Sherlock Holmes trailer. This movie starts off in the present of a group of guys finding a mysterious craft of some kind and inside it lies the frozen Captain America. We all may know about him being frozen from a snip it of The Incredible Hulk extras but it seems as if they have done away from that.Cut to 1940's and we have a small wimpy but full of heart Steve Rogers trying to enlist into the Army. As you know form the trailer he gets rejected. I am not going to spoil the movie for anyone so I will let you go see it for yourself.The acting was above par and the choice for Captain America and Red Skull were top notch. Chris Evans is most definitely Steve Rogers and not Johnny Storm. Hugo Weaving, as always, gives us a great performance as a Nazi Scientist trying to rule the world with god like powers. There was not one flaw in acting on either side and the effects were amazing.Please if you are a fan of Marvel STAY AFTER THE CREDITS!!! You will not be disappointed at all!!Go check out Captain America: The First Avenger NOW!!!!
평점: 9	리뷰: I chose the humorous song from the movie as the title of my review, because truly this film had a plan. They stuck closely to the Cap's origin, and doing it as a period piece was the only plan that I believe would have worked.The 1940s vibe will surround you as you watch the style, dress and politics of the period. The World's Fair-like event, headed by Howard Stark's Car of the Future. The enlistment posters.The nostalgia that was that decade ... that time is a big part of this movie. Combine that with Chris Evans' convincing portrayal of Steve Rogers, the 90-pound weakling that wants so badly to help serve his country. Stanley Tucci's Dr. Abraham Erskine, builds a sweet friendship with Rogers, and his respect for the latter helps form the bond of who Captain America will become.Then, there is Hayley Atwell, who as Agent Peggy Carter admires Rogers - even as the 90-pound weakling version - for his courage, his passion and most of all his character. There is more than an on-screen chemistry between Atwell and Evans, there is a believable, albeit tragic romance. Without revealing the end, I found myself feeling sympathetic towards these characters, as this was not your average, run-of-the-mill comic book movie.Director Joe Johnston brings us another classic period fable in the vein of THE ROCKETEER, one of his earlier works. And screenwriters Christopher Markus and Stephen McFeely do a nice job capturing the vernacular of Rogers and his comrades. Erskine's line, "Stay who you are, not just a soldier, but a good man," is destined to go up there with Uncle Ben Parker's, "With great power, comes great responsibility." Johnston gets great performances from everyone involved including Oscar-Winner Tommy Lee Jones, and Sebastian Stan as a rebooted Buck, Cap's pal. Everything from the look of Cap's classic costume, to the shield being a character in itself, just adds to this period classic. The action sequences are not only top-notch, but interesting and do help to advance the story. And, then there is Hugo Weaving as The Red Skull. Awesome.Without revealing just how, the movie opens and closes in a TITANIC-like fashion, and I truly enjoyed the way it was presented. Truly this film, did have a plan, and I for one, love it when a plan comes together. ;)
평점: 9	리뷰: ***Sepia-toned Spoilers*** If you love a virginal patriotic man in tights, you must see Captain America: The First Avenger. Plucky young Steve Rogers is beset upon by bullies. Don't worry Steve, It Gets Better! And how. Military is in Rogers blood, but a host of maladies plague his body. He's skinny, he's asthmatic, he's everything pharmaceutical companies look for in a poster boy, but he's got one thing other's ain't got... Courage. After numerous attempts at enlisting, our hero gets in the Army, with the help of a tipsy Fairy-German Godfather. Steve has trials in boot camp that allow him to showcase his ingenuity, resolve, and dedication. Not since Madonna has such Ambition grabbed America by the balls. With a little help from Howard Stark, who has one hand in the future, and the other on a random hot-dame's tushie, Steve is injected, erected, electrocuted, and pretty much comes out the other side as Marvel's American Adonis. It's like he read one issue of Men's Health, and all the tips worked! (!!!) The tone of the movie is self-effacing yet sure-footed. I was only annoyed by the line, "This is not about me". How many Marvel Movies about Chris Evans must he remind us that it's not all about him? (???) Peggy, the love interest is pitch-perfect as a tough-as-nails high-brass broad who doesn't just dance with anyone. Bucky is strangely Steve's Age, and almost gets a hero moment before he falls off the train. There's some fun Iron Man post-foreshadowing (wrap your head around that), and we see where Tony Stark gets his mojo, his moulah, and his machines. The Red Skull could have benefited from a bit more back story, but he is serviceable, and no one sheds a tear when he suffers Odin's wrath (wrap your head around that one, too). Captain America is a feel-good ego boost at a time when we are all at each other's throats. I honestly never questioned whether Cap was a Democrat or a Republican. He certainly didn't seem concerned with what tax bracket he was in. There was enough multiculturalism in the cast to feel good about. And for the first time, a 3D moment really got me, and I actually flinched. ***Big Spoiler*** There is "The Avengers" trailer at the end, which feels kind of cheap and breaks tradition of having an credits end-cap scene. It was slick, and unfortunately only showed Scarlet Johannson as a female Avenger. So far from the female buffet Marvel served up in the X-Men flicks. I was hoping for some surprise like She-Hulk, Spiderwoman, or even The Wasp or The Scarlet Witch. Looks like The Black Widow will have her hands full of intrigue (good thing she's so flexible~ yawn). If you plan on seeing "The Avengers" in May 2012, be sure to catch up on Captain America lore here, first. Oh, and you may never look at a red, white and blue freeze pop the same way again!
평점: 8	리뷰: I saw Cap @ the midnight showing. Admittedly, I am a comic book fan, but not a Captain America fan. He was always hokey to me. I wasn't even a real fan of the Avengers.That said, all these movies have been awesome. And CA is no exception. These guys have done an outstanding job of taking material that could easily have been tired & corny, & making in entertaining & funny. The characters take themselves seriously, but are clearly having fun with it. That is a delicate balance that Green Lantern missed. What has made so many of the recent comic book movies good is they've had serious directors & serious actors playing the parts. They take the craft seriously. That has given these stories a credibility they lacked in the past. Captain America had a chance to be as bad as Green Latern, so I was worried. If they didn't do it right, it could have been horrible. Chris Evans does a great job. He is so believable as the endearing little guy who wont give up. You don't feel sorry for him, because HE doesn't. His life mantra isn't "pity me." It's more, "Yea, I may lose, but not without a fight!" He has heart you cant deny. So seeing what he becomes & what he does with it... You're actually happy for him.Tommy Lee Jones is at his typical straight-faced wisecracker best. If there has been a better actor at being absolutely hilarious while constantly looking like his dog, cat, & wife just died, I'd like to know who. His delivery is so awesome.
평점: 4	리뷰: With over 70 years of material you would think the writers would not have to stoop to ripping off Star Wars, Indy, and James Bond. The weapons that Hydra were very close to the storm trooper blasters, but even more lethal. Yet somehow they fail again and again to stop soldiers with shot guns and pistols. The inventions that Iron man's dad comes up with are way advanced for 1942, rendering him little more than a primitive Q. The scene with the Cube and Red Skull was straight out of the Raiders ending. All in all it was very slow moving, lacked any kind of imagination, threw in the very cliché love angle, and sported a very unconvincing Evans as Cap. He should stick to playing the Human Torch in those dreadful FF movies, and you should skip this and watch Thor.
평점: 6	리뷰: Captain America joins the list of great comic book movies. It has been fascinating to watch Marvel bring these characters to the screen from Iron Man and now to Captain America. I'm going to admit when I first heard that Chris Evans was going to be portraying Steve Rogers I was a little worried and even after the first couple previews I didn't know what to expect. I was 100% wrong, he was a great choice for this role.Hugo Weaving as Red Skull was an obvious choice and worked out perfectly, Weaving has a knack for giving off a sinister demeanor. Tommy Lee Jones is one of my favorite actors and has his role as an Army Colonel is amazing. In most movies I've seen with him he has a personality of commanding authority so to choose him as a Colonel seems like a right choice.Now to the plot of the movie. Steve Rogers is a skinny weakling who really wants to join the Army and go to Europe to serve his country. Unfortunately he keeps getting denied enlistment. Until his fifth try, Dr. Erskine (Stanley Tucci) gives him a chance in a new unit that is trying to find a subject for an experimental procedure.After this he's a public figure for a while until he can no longer sit on the side lines and does what he was meant to do.Since I do not want to spoil this wonderful movie experience for you I am going to stop there. However I will say this, I was very pleased that, like with Iron Man, these movies are taking there time to give a good back round for these characters instead of just plunging right into the action incoherently.This is a great movie, I have no doubt about it. I would recommend this to anyone, even if you are not a comic book fan. This is one of the rare ones where you don't have to be, you can just sit back and enjoy this movie.
평점: 6	리뷰: ...........Cap's mortal enemies are the reds, which could be communists or Chipawas or gingers, and he's friends with basically anybody else who wants to think they're a 'superpower' but really isn't.Tommy Lee Jones does a great job of playing Captain Canada, the Cap's slightly younger friend who just seems a lot older because back then they didn't have free health insurance, but is also a lot less douchey and generally easier to tolerate. Ryan Reynolds is perfect as Captain America. I don't think there's anyone in the country they could have cast to represent us so well! Except maybe Jason Lee? Read the rest of this 'review' @ http://skipnappan.com
평점: 9	리뷰: As just a kid from Brooklyn, Captain America makes a name for himself in this extremely entertaining and engaging superhero flick. Like Superman, Captain America is Marvel Comics answer to the Red, White, and Blue, and while this movie could have been a simple set up to Marvel's The Avengers, it manages to be its own movie. Part of this is because it takes place first in the timeline of all of the Marvel Studios' movies, so there are fewer references to the other heroes who come later down the line, but this movie also focuses on showing the transformation of Steve Rogers, from scrawny kid getting beat up in the alleys of Brooklyn, to the symbol of hope for America in World War II.The movie is almost entirely set in the 1940s, featuring the Greatest Generation in all of its glory, with this movie somewhat playing as a love letter to that simpler time where evil was evil, and good was good. When a small fry guy named Steve Rogers gets rejected five different times to be enlisted in the Army, he gets a lucky shot from a military scientist, Dr. Erskine, who tests an experimental super soldier formula on Rogers, and voila! We now have a superhero. But it takes more than muscles to be a true hero, and even though Rogers managed to impress Erskine with his compassion, fortitude, and morals, he must do the same for the big guns at the military if he wants to see actual action aside from being a part of song and dance numbers and movie serials to sell war bonds.Director Joe Johnston plays around with the 1940s setting, with the whole movie filmed in sepia tones evoking the look of the pop culture from the period. The story plays like one long Saturday matinée serial, filled with tons of pulp and improbable science fiction, but those were stalwarts of the adventure stories of the time. What Johnston does best though, is mastering Rogers' journey from zero to hero. As Captain America, Steve Rogers uses his compassion, fortitude, and morals, to do near impossible missions, as is seen in a scene where Rogers saves over 400 prisoners of war all on his own, proving to the Army that he should be on the front line of the war effort and not helping with morale back home. Throughout the whole movie, Rogers bonds with an American agent named Peggy Carter, winning her heart through the same inner heroism that made him Captain America. Carter is a pin up girl in looks, but a girl who can show up the boys in attitude. Add on to this all, a great maniacal villain in Red Skull (played by Hugo Weaving in some of the greatest make up work in a while), and you have a solid adventure yarn.While the final scene left me scratching my head a bit, feeling tacked on, and the scene before giving the real closure to the story, I think Marvel was trying to pump up The Avengers even more, so I get it, though it still deterred from an otherwise emotional ending. Even with this small bump in the road, it's really the only blemish in this extremely well made and polished superhero flick that doesn't reinvent the wheel, but neither breaks it. Solid, entertaining, and heroic, everything a good superhero movie should be, which is exactly what this movie is.I give Captain America: The First Avenger a 9 out of 10!
평점: 9	리뷰: Marvel has finally managed to once again reach the pedigree they established with the first Iron Man, and bring us another great action adventure film. Whereas Iron Man was a modern, glib and slick take on the genre (matching the character), Cap is a far more traditional flick. 1940s Setting: Check Nazis (kind of): Check Ernest hero with an awesome group of people having his back: Check Dame: Check Badass Villain: CheckThese elements are all you need for the perfect summer blockbuster. And for the most part, The First Avenger delivers. Aside from a lackluster midsection and some rushed delivery on the plot, this is definitely the Superhero movie we have been waiting all summer for!
평점: 8	리뷰: I couldn't even tell you the last time I went to a midnight movie showing. My guess is last summer, but cannot recall the title of the featured film.First of all, I just want to get the whole 3-D jabber out of the way. If you have read any of my other reviews, you know I am not a fan of the 3- D film movement. It's just not perfected yet to have a greater impact on the entertaining outcome of the film. It hurts my eyes, it's too dim, and sometimes I get a headache afterwards. My knees hurt enough as it is to sit in a theater for 2-and-some hours. Captain America is no different. The only thing cool to see in 3-D for this movie would be when Mr. America throws his shield as a weapon. That's pretty much it. I'm so glad I saw it in 2-D. Save the four bucks.It's hard to top X-Men: First Class. And, Thor was better by a little bit.On to the actually movie itself.Captain America: The First Avenger is seemingly mediocre as far as a movie goes cinematically, but I did enjoy it and recommend seeing it. If nothing else, view it as a predecessor for The Avengers, which I have high hopes for. Hopefully there will be even more action than Captain America, which could have easily had more; assuming he's part of the military I thought there would be. So the Avengers are a group of Marvel characters such as: Iron Man (Robert Downey Jr.), Captain America (Chris Evans), Thor (Chris Hemsworth), Hawkeye (Jeremy Renner), and the Hulk (Mark Ruffalo, voiced by Lou Ferrigno). They are brought together by the leader of S.H.E.I.L.D., Nick Fury (Samuel L. Jackson), to protect and serve the peace of the world. Only one world describes that situation if ya ask me: epic. The release date is May 4th of 2012.So as you can obviously figure out merely from the title of the movie, Captain America is the first Avenger.Being somewhat of a Marvel Universe nerd, I was a big fan of just the story about Captain America. Before this movie I hadn't had any prior knowledge to the genesis of the Captain America character, except that he was apart of the military during World War II and up against Adolf Hitler and the Nazis. Most of this movie took place in the Marvel Universe-alternative 1940s, which was pretty cool. Reminded me of the setting and situation in Watchmen.What's up with villains in some of these sci-fi/action flicks? If you read my recent I Am Number Four review, then you'll be able to sympathize with me on that question. In Captain America we see the antagonist known as Johann Schmidt or the Red Skull (played by Agent Smith from The Matrix movies, a.k.a actor Hugo Weaving) with a horrible make-up job. Red Skull works for Hitler as the head of advanced weaponry. They really should have made him look better; perhaps by adding more of a skull image with maybe some black like in the comics. It annoyed me. He looked like an even worse version of Hellboy from Hellboy. Also, Red Skull's minions, the HYRDA, reminded me way too much of Storm Troopers from Star Wars. In the comic they are green and yellow, not black. Oh well.I thought actor Chris Evans did a pretty good job portraying Captain America. He really became the small-boy Steve Rogers character form Brooklyn that never gave up to one day ultimately become Captain America.Actress Hayley Atwell also did a fine job with her character of Peggy Carter, an officer of the Scientific Reserve and love interest of Captain America.I'm still not sure if it was intentional or not, but Tommy Lee Jones was hilarious as Colonel Chester Phillips. I still can't decide if it was his dialogue that was funny or the way that he said it.Overall, if you enjoy comic book movies at all then I'd go see this in 2-D. That's just my opinion.8/10 Stars (probably would have been 7 if I saw the 3-D version).
평점: 8	리뷰: The story, the writing and the acting were top-notch. The story balances romance, action, history, patriotism, and eye-popping scientific innovations all the more remarkable for their 1942 appearance.I thought that this was the first movie that truly resembled an early forties super-hero comic book as acted out by live performers.The film displayed suspense, sentiment,a strong,realistic sense of danger, and a strong sense of justice within the framework of a fantasy loosely-linked to the Nazi threat.Chris Adams' combination of sincerity, humility and determination combine with skillful supportive work by Stanley Tucci, Tommy Lee Jones, Hayley Atwell, Hugo Weaving and others.I had read four critics' reviews prior to watching the movie, and I strongly feel that the film itself greatly exceeded my expectations.I'd like to see it at least one more time - with sub titles so that I can catch every word of dialog during the action sequences.
평점: 3	리뷰: Being a fan of superhero comic books, I had high expectations for this and the upcoming Avengers film. This, however, couldn't even hold itself together. The actors themselves were about as average as any other superhero flick acting. The action, though showy as it was, was clichéd to death. The plot is predictable, even though there were MAJOR plot holes like *SPOILER START* when C.A. crashed one of the supposed nuclear missiles into Red Skull's ship, the middle didn't explode at all. Was it a dud? *SPOILER END* The editing was off when *SPOILER START* C.A. swings on a chain and he starts shooting at the bad guys when all of the sudden the shot cuts to him running down a hall. *SPOILER END* In short, this film had a lot of potential but with choppy editing and more holes than Swiss cheese, it's safe to say just to avoid it at all costs. I'm dreading as to how The Avengers will be.
평점: 9	리뷰: Up front you should know that I went into this movie knowing nothing of the characters and their backgrounds, so my review is from an entirely comic-book clueless perspective. That being said IMO, As far as comic book hero movies go, captain America fills the bill. It's got everyone and everything it need that makes it an entertaining and memorable. Leading man Chris Evans does well, pre and post captain America transformation. His believable vulnerability and noble ideas make him (of course) a hero worth looking up to. The only bone I have to pick with the studly Evans is in his voice. Various times in the movie he mentions his brooklyn background, and each time it (to me) awkwardly pointed out his obvious lack of the subsequent accent he should have had. Otherwise, he wore the outfit well, was impressively sized, and did a great job staying true to the small guy persona in a tough guy body. Hayley Atwell portrays Peggy, the female of the film. I don't have any criticism for her acting, but I wasn't thrilled with her character as a whole...it almost came across as one dimensional. I suppose it's not a big deal, as this is a comic book film and the women there are primarily there to be the love interest for the hero, but I was left thinking the character deserved more then the role of the sharp shooting beauty. Hugo Weaving's red skull has a (fitting) scary sort of German Voldemort-y feel to him, so no complaints there. The same goes for the rest of the well- wordrobed supporting cast; a very well chosen out group of actors. I did not see this film in 3D, but the special effects were cool without having them thrown in my face. Also the effect that put Evans's head on a scrawny body for the beginning of the film was *seamless* and impressive. In summation, the film did what it set out to do and did it well. It is what it is, and what it is is a lot of fun. It's the journey of a lovable hero, set in a world war two backdrop. In the world of comic book hero movies, Captain America is definitely high on the list.
평점: 9	리뷰: The newest Marvel Studios release, "Captain America: The First Avenger," nicely captures a period of American history in which overt patriotism was still in vogue; however, with such a low-key (downright boring is a more appropriate term) hero, the premise falls apart.Based on the 1941 Marvel Comic series (created by Joe Simon and Jack Kirby), this latest inception of superhero films features Chris Evans ("Fantastic Four," Scott Pilgrim Vs. the World") as Steve Rogers, the skinny Brooklyn punk, who (like Eddie Bracken's Private Truesmith in "Hail the Conquering Hero"), wants to live up to the standard set by his military hero of a father.Destined to a life of being beaten and humiliated, Rogers is handpicked for a special unit headed by Col. Chester Phillips (Tommy Lee Jones) and then medically transformed by Professor Abrahan Erskine (Staney Tucci, "Big Night," "Shall We Dance?") into a mini Incredible Hulk.Rogers' full potential, however, is not realized because - after saving a child and capturing a Nazi spy - he is turned into a cartoonish figure and used as a propaganda tool to sell war bonds. Addressing real U.S. troops in Italy, he finally gets to go into action against Hiter's elite deep science division, Hydra, led by the malformed Red Skull (Hugo Weaving, "Lord Of the Rings" and the "Matrix" franchises).Here's where the movie then takes a negative turn (for this scribbler, at least). Rogers dumps his goofy personae and leads a group of politically-correct, multi-national sidekicks (a black, an Asian, a Frenchman, a gay Brit and a derby-wearing idiot- what is this, the floor of a Democratic convention?) to assault and destroy a series of super-secret Hydra weapons factories.The fact he needs so much assistance sullies his superhero credentials beyond measure.Hydra has come up with ultimate death rays (which obliterate anything they hit), but, for some reason, the organization never really becomes the threat they are supposed to be. Armed with these weapons, the Germans find themselves wiped out time and time again by a group that turns the film into "Inglourious Basterds" without the laughs.Even after these numerous setbacks, Red Skull still has delusions of crushing his enemies and takes a huge flying wing to attack New York City. Aboard this craft, Captain America and Skull battle it out in a rather tepid (some might say "lame") conclusion. Of course, there's the obligatory appearance by Samuel L. Jackson trying to recruit members for the upcoming Avengers picture.Like the previous "Green Lantern," this installment will no doubt rake in big box office bucks for the first few weeks, but will soon fade from public memory. Perhaps, it's because modern America cannot relate to Word War II (even if it's a fantasy version of the conflict). It might also be the fact that this is a lukewarm story with little or no redeeming or even interesting characters.
평점: 7	리뷰: Just got back from seeing Captain America.First, the good news.They FINALLY got the origin story right for a change and kept to Kirby and Simon's plot! VERY accurate and Chris Evans was PERFECT to play the scrawny Steve Rogers. (with 2 exceptions I will note later).The humor was on point. I would say >95% of the humor worked, which is VERY impressive.The references to other Marvel characters were truly wonderful, and were seamlessly in the film. That is not a small feat! The action scenes were decent.Now, what I didn't like (SPOILERS!!!!) 1) Chris Evans was all wrong to play Captain America. I can't be 100% sure if it was his inability to play the part accurately, or if it was written like that in the script, or if it was the direction, but he played essentially the SAME character after the change!! He was STILL a scared, clueless kid from Brooklyn when he became Captain America - he was just stronger and had a cool shield. At no point, did he exude confidence or leadership qualities - which were the hallmark of CA in the comics.The only quality he had was 'the little engine who could.' he never gave up! Well, that is a very admirable quality but Captain America was far more than that. He had the kind of personality that would make anyone want to follow him. Evans never exuded that. And you always felt that Captain America could take on anybody and anything single handed. In the film, I felt that he was helpless without his elite team watching his back.2) Hugo Weaving as the Red Skull also suffered the same fate. He was an extremely weak villain. Any Nazi from any 1940's based war film was more terrifying that this guy. In fact, his Agent Smith from the Matrix was more intimidating than his portrayal of the Red Skull. Having a weak villain is never good in a super hero based film.3) I can accept some of the changes to the story, (such as the costume change actually made sense in the context of the film), but changing Bucky Barnes to be a grown up didn't make sense, and greatly lessened the impact of his demise.4) I think having CA as a secret identity worked better as defined in the comics. Having everyone know that Rogers was CA took away a major plot device in the comics that always added a nice touch of humor and mystery..5) The whole major plot twist of having him frozen in ice was not clearly made. Some people in the theater thought that the whole movie was a dream, and that Rogers was simply asleep for 70 years after the transformation. Showing Rogers in ICE would have been a much clearer choice, and drop the whole movie as a flashback device, which just had the film start off on the wrong foot (I actually had to double check my ticket stub to ensure I was in the right movie!! the tone was that 'off' to me).6) the "Chorus Girl" segment just went on WAAAY too long. The point was made in a few minutes, but it seemed to drag on to about 15 minutes or more and really slowed the film down for me.7) Too much of the film struck me as a sequel to "The Rocketeer" that the director did years ago. I appreciate the reference, but that was a very different movie that I didn't think need to have it look-n-feel ported over to this movie.In the end, I found myself nitpicking the film to death more than liking it, yet I also really enjoyed myself and would recommend it as a fun summer film. So at that level, it succeeds.But it could have been SO much better.Oh, and yes, you really should stick around after the end credits. Those few scenes were worth the price of admission.Unfortunately, those post-credit scenes show that Evans will once again be playing Captain America. I, for one, was hoping someone else would take his place in future movies.7/10
평점: 7	리뷰: In past years its felt like we have seen the same superheros over and over with all of their reboots and sequels. Recently, there have been a few original or lesser known heroes on the big screen. After the disaster that was called "The Green Lantern," "Captain America" is a breath of fresh air. "Captain America" is a new brand of superhero (the first I've seen with a gun anyway). He is the kind of hero that you feel for. Hes so dynamic in his goals along with his relationships with other characters. The villain, Red Skull (Hugo Weaving) was exactly what you would want to see in a villain. He didn't show any weakness until the end and we didn't get too much of his back-story other than an origin story. The movie, set in the 1940's, starts with Steve Rogers (Chris Evans) who is hell bent on joining the army and fighting for his country. At the first chance he's offered, he takes it. After various events (mostly in the trailer) he becomes Captain America. After he is turned into a "Super-soldier," he is somewhat useless. He is used as a mere paperweight in the war and puts on shows reciting his lines for the public audiences to give them hope. It was a lot of fun to see him as a propaganda for the military because it gave the feel that it was his decision to become...well...Captain America. The setting in this movie was really convincing. Recent movies set in earlier dates (like "Super 8") just didn't give the right feel. "Captain America" made a point of giving the right effect. The graphics in the movie were very CGI/green-screen. There were a few scenes that were very out of place. The action scenes were great...assuming you could catch them. Something about all of the scenes went by really fast and almost rushed. There was one, maybe two memorable action sequences. As many people know, the entire Marvel universe will eventually turn into "The Avengers." Unlike "Iron Man 2," this movie was not packed full of Avengers details and subplots. It, surprisingly, had a lot to do with "Thor". It was cool to see it tie in, but if you haven't seen "Thor," it was still fun. The bottom line is that "Captain America" was a lot of fun. Maybe a little lacking on the graphics, but had a good story with real historical situations made fun. I look forward to sequels even after "The Avengers."
평점: 10	리뷰: Here, in the States, we've an increasingly right-wing movement in the government that borders on being fanatical. Unemployment and underemployment are reaching all time highs. Corporations are pulling it in hand over fist while the average dude is losing out. Hell, if Congress can't figure out a way to raise the debt ceiling, by 8/2/11, the country defaults. Well here's "Captain America: The First Avenger" (CATFA), to show what the USA used to stand for before all of thisother stuff.This is more than a good comic book movie. It's more than a good WWII movie. While CATFA involves themes such as bravery, compassion, love, integrity and strength, which are in no way exclusively American, this is still one hell of a good American movie.It's the forties, and ultra anemic Steve Rogers (Chris Evans) is trying to enlist in the Army. He doesn't want to rack up a tally of confirmed kills or blindly surrender himself to the will of Uncle Sam. He only wants to do what he feels is right—even if it costs his life. However, while brave and true to a fault, he's too frail to be anything other than lightweight cannon fodder. But a chance encounter ultimately leads to Rogers becoming the epitome of human, physical potential. However, due to a tragedy, he's relegated to the USO circuit and not the front. He's a hit on stage with civilians, but the grunts in the field hold him in contempt. Then he hears Bucky Barnes (Sebastian Stan), his old buddy, has been captured behind enemy lines. This leads to Rogers finally embracing his potential and saving not just the life of Barnes, but over 400 other POW's. With this, he finally earns the right to serve, the respect of his brothers at arms and the title of Captain America. Yes, the Red Skull (Hugo Weaving) and Arnim Zola (Toby Jones) are present and in full effect. But this is much more about the shield slinger than they.I was distressed when Evans was announced as Steve Rogers. Well, that was a mistake because he smashed it right out of the park. He connected with the character in a way that made everything feel fresh and heartfelt. I knew the dude would end up on ice. But seeing it play out to the reactions of both Peggy Carter (Haley Atwell) and Colonel Phillips (Tommy Lee Jones) took me by surprise in its power. Then, when Cap does wake up in 2011, I couldn't help but feel sorry for him over all he'd lost. That's about 35% script and 65% Evans' portrayal. The same can thankfully be said about every actor who worked on this film.As for the script and direction, they're also hitting homers. I was doubtful about the whole USO storyline. However, it showed how Captain America is more than muscles and a costume. It was also refreshing how the script ramped up the soldier over the super. Seeing C.A. and the Howling Commandos waging guerrilla war on Hydra was dead on and sold the military aspect of the story. It also showcased what makes this character unique in a sea of brightly colored, spandex clad characters that can fly, swing and slice through steel. This well crafted screenplay is complimented by Joe Johnston's surprisingly deft direction.It seems all the goodness Johnston didn't bring to "The Wolfman", he delivered, and then some, to this. When Cap was in action, every punch, kick and bounce of the shield was shot clearly for the audience to see. Certain scenes were shot in a way that non-verbally conveyed mood. The USO montage was effortlessly comical, yet disheartening. Contrarily, Rogers sitting in the remains of a bombed out bar visually expressed the extreme loneliness he felt over the death of his old friend. If I had to pick a highlight of Johnston's direction, however, it would be the final confrontation with Hydra.It goes from action (a motorcycle chase, Cap smacking down a handful of Hydra agents); to somber (Cap's outnumbered and taken before the Red Skull); back to action (the Howling Commandos assault, chasing the Skull down); to romantic (Cap and Carter sharing a kiss); back to action (Cap b-smacking more Hydra soldiers, an aerial dogfight, the final battle with the Red Skull); and then to morose (the sight of the tundra drawing nearer as Cap kept that plane in a nosedive). These shifts in tone never once felt jarring or forced. In the hands of "The Wolfman's" director, this would've been a mess. In the hands of THIS Johnston, everything was smooth sailing.Yeah, they probably could've shown how a post serum Rogers went through a grueling tutelage fit to make Bruce Wayne puke. They probably could've put more emphasis on his mastery of martial arts and acrobatic fighting style. They probably could've found some way to make the costume from the comics work. They probably could've portrayed Bucky exactly like the comics. Yep, they could've done all of this and more. But, who cares when this is already an excellent movie. The only real fault I can think of is CATFA felt a little short—not that it was rushed. I just wanted to see more. First there was "Spiderman" (2002). Then there was "Batman Begins" (2005). This was followed by "The Incredible Hulk" (2008). Well now there's "Captain America: The First Avenger" (2011) as the fourth flawless, highly satisfying comic-book based film.Now, on an overly politically minded aside (to tie this into my intro), maybe our esteemed congressman should take time to watch this flick. However unlikely, CATFA might just clear out the cobwebs and focus them on their duty, to their constituents, as opposed to party politics—just like Steve Rogers. At the very least they'd be entertained for 125 minutes, before getting back to the merry business of screwing so many over.
평점: 7	리뷰: I've heard a lot of reviews about this being cheesy. I'm not going to disagree with them, however, there's a reason for the cheese. It's a period piece. That period happens to be the WWII Era in the United States. This is a period of time when Americans probably felt the most patriotic. We were sending our young men into war to save the world. Men signed up willingly and those who couldn't fight, found ways to contribute. I think that if any of us suddenly woke up in 1940s America, we'd find it a very different world.With that said, Joe Johnston, Chris Evans and Tommy Lee Jones capture this era perfectly. Captain America is Steve Rogers, a spirited young man who despite not being blessed with even an average man's physique, still wants to contribute to the war effort. He loves his country and is fearless. It are these qualities that encompass Captain America.The pacing of the movie is perfect. The movie runs just over 2 hours long and it doesn't feel like it. The scenery and environment (some obviously green screened) are perfectly done. And speaking of green screening, there is a lot of CGI in the movie, but it's not overdone and it doesn't draw your attention often. I knew going in that it was an introduction to Captain America so I expected a lot of exposition and character development rather than a lot of fight scenes and action. The movie is similar to Thor for me. We get some background and some cool fight scenes, but we can't wait to see more. The actors are perfect. Chris Evans is so far removed from his role as The Human Torch. It's weird to see him as a team player rather than a hot headed showoff. Hugo Weaving is great as usual. Though I'll always have a tough time not expecting "Mr. Anderson" to come out of his mouth at any given time. And I also really liked the young Howard Stark. You get to really see where Tony gets his charm and personality.This movie is a must see simply for the fact that it is the last stand-alone film before they (Iron Man, Hawkeye, Black Widow, Thor and Cap) get together for The Avengers. And speaking of the Avengers, make sure to sit through the credits to get an extra scene and a teaser for the Avengers. Here's my rank for the current Marvel movies so far:1. Iron Man 2. Thor 3. Captain America 4. The Incredible Hulk 5. Iron Man II
평점: 8	리뷰: Followed comic origins almost to a tee with subtle changes that fit the direction the movies are going. Graphics were on par, some moves were cheesy but fun to watch none the less since it's what he does in the comics. This is a back story, so everything is not blowing up for no reason and it has major focus on WWII because that's Capt's beginning. A few parts may drag for people who don't read comics. Otherwise I think Chris Evans did a fantastic job as Steve Rogers and Tommy Lee Jones along with the rest of the cast added laughs in appropriate parts. The Red Skull played by Hugo Weaving was perfectly matched for the part. Sexual tones are kept to kisses and side long glances while language is mild at most so this is a film the whole family can enjoy.
평점: 8	리뷰: By no means is this film a masterpiece of cinema but at the same time, as a super-hero fan (read NERD) it was a thrilling, action-packed and witty work of fiction that kept me interested from beginning to end.Captain America finally has himself a big-budget Hollywood movie that's not only not bad, it's actually damn good. The origin story plays out exactly as it should. We meet Rogers before the transformation, when he's a scrawny kid from Brooklyn who desperately wants to do his part in WW2. Due to health issues and his pathetic physique and in spite of his strong moral character and courage, Steve Rogers just isn't cut out for combat. Luckily a secret science division of our armed forces (read forerunner of SHIELD) has acquired a German scientist, a defector who offers his super-soldier serum to create a new army. As you may have guessed from the trailer the plan to create an army doesn't work... well it does sort of, in that they create themselves a one man army in the form of Captain America.The strong points of the movie, other than the action sequences, are actually the characters. The movie does a decent job of making us feel for all of them and despite his hulking post-serum form Cap is a pretty normal guy. He's awkward around women, can't dance and is, really, just a guy from Brooklyn. The movie relies fairly heavily on comic-book style science which involves Nazis with ray-guns and metals like Vibranium (makes up Cap's shield). I should really call the villains Hydra agents, Cap spends most of the movie fighting NOT Nazis but an altogether more sinister enemy, Hydra, lead by the notorious Red Skull (Hugo Weaving).The acting is good as is most of the humor though there were a few gags that didn't quite connect with the audience and others that only seemed to connect with some.As for the action it was surprisingly sparse but that's far from a flaw, the movie prefers to focus on its characters and moves at just the right pace with just the right amount of action. I felt like cheering every time Cap bashed a baddie with his shield. I would easily put this film on par, or at least close to it, with Iron Man (2008) and Spider-Man (2002). Be sure to stick around for the scene after the credits, which is more a trailer for the Avengers. As much fun as this summer has been for Super-Hero fans next summer is gonna be a hell of a ride.It's about a 7.5 Out of 10 but I'll round it up to an 8 for managing to live up to my already high expectations.
평점: 8	리뷰: I must admit, I started liking Captain America after the arcade back in 1992 entitled "Captain America and The Avengers." Then after that, I got a copy of that horrid straight to video port simply titled "Captain America". I could tell the movie was trying, and it had potential, but it really fell apart as the movie dragged on. But flash forward to present day and Hollywood revives Captain America again with "First Avenger: Captain America". I can say one thing, it was better than that straight to video version.The film opens when a crew in the middle of a snowy field. They find what appears to be a ship or a vessel and they go inside. It looks very alien-like, and I was expecting something to attack them but instead they find Captain America's shield frozen in ice. Then we are quickly introduced to our main villain, Red Skull (played by the awesome Hugo Weaving)and he finds some blue cube thing that's called hydra or something. Then he kill someone to prove he's a bad guy.Then we are introduced to Steve Rogers (Chris Evans) and he's the little guy trying to join the Army. He gets bullied, but a doctor who looks suspiciously like the doctor from Pan's Labyrinth takes an interest in him and puts him through an experiment to make him a super soldier. That's when he becomes Captain America. After he avenges the doctor's death from some random goon, his superior officer (Tommy Lee Jones) puts him through some gigs across the nation, even some films, until he learns his true potential thanks to his love interest, Peggy (the smoking hot Hayley Atwell). Then Captain America fights the war against Red Skull.I must say that build up to Captain America is great. In fact, this film was a joy to watch. My only problems with the film centers around the main villain. He was way too uninteresting. Even the final fight at the end was weak. The writing of this villain was a major setback to me as everyone else on the film carried it quite well. Hugo Weaving is an awesome actor and he did the best he could with the material he got. It's just a shame that his character was written rather flat and dull.It's not to say that the film was boring, as I mentioned it was a joy to watch. I still think X-Men: Origins was probably the best comic book movie of the summer with Captain America being second. A friend of mine once denied that there ever was a Captain America movie. Now I think he can finally admit that there is one now.
평점: 8	리뷰: To be very honest, when I saw the trailers of this movie, I felt it wouldn't do the job right. I love seeing comic books being made into movies, and I will add that I haven't read many Captain America comics. But Captain America is one of Marvel's biggest characters, if not the biggest. Every comic book fan knows his amazing shield and that virtually nothing can stop the hero when he has it with him. And this is why I was afraid. Once someone would take the idea and make it into a movie, that was it. There would be no "revised versions" or anything of the sort. There could be new versions but that would have to be years from now. You wouldn't want a movie like this to go wrong. I saw the trailers and I felt that that was exactly what was going to happen. The great name of Captain America would be ruined by a bad movie. I researched a little bit more to find who the director was and my fears grew stronger. Joe Johnston, the man who directed films like Jumanji, The Wolfman, and Jurassic Park 3? October Sky was good but that's a drama film. How could someone like that ever make Captain America into a successful movie? I went into the theater with low expectations. Forgive me if I bored you with this intro, but I felt if I wrote a review for this it had to be necessary.You already know I liked this movie, presuming of course that you read the title of this review. It starts out with something I didn't expect at all (I'm not going to say what, and I promise I will not give any vital plot points away, just things you probably already know). After that begins the tale of Steve Rogers, a young man (boy if you wish to call him that) who wishes to enlist in the army during World War II, but finds it hard to do so because of physical problems (among others). But Steve has a good heart, and that makes all the difference. After that, well, you'll see what happens, but I'm sure you already know our little protagonist becomes a lot stronger (and yes ladies, a lot more handsome too). After having watched Chris Evans in Fantastic Four as the Human Torch, I had doubts about him too. I've barely seen any of his other movies but I obviously thought he was just a young pretty boy with not much real acting skills. But once again, I was wrong. Chris Evans is not Johnny (The Human) Torch. Chris Evans is Captain America. If you've seen Fantastic Four and its sequel, forget they ever even happened. Don't make the same mistake I did and think Evans is going to be the same as he was in his role in the two movies I just mentioned. He may not be the best actor out there, but I think he fit the Captain perfectly. Mature and serious for the matter, determined, courageous, good-hearted. Chris Evans pulled off a magnificent job. Evans became his truer self (I've seen some of his interviews and he's a pretty serious dude, but before that, I thought he was kind of a jerk based on his previous film roles). That's probably why he did this role better than he's ever done before. This is definitely his performance which will lead to him being called "Captain America" by little kids who see him on the streets.The movie itself was a bit serious, a bit darker than I imagined, and not very cheesy at all (thank God, that was one of my other fears). It has its funny moments, and its depressing moments. But you will enjoy it, at least I hope you will, just as I did. Most of the film's cast performed very good. Hayley Atwell was great as Peggy Carter, the rather badass British, and I enjoyed Dominic Cooper's performance as the smooth and intelligent Howard Stark (yes, Tony's dad). Tommy Lee Jones, as was expected, was great in his role as Colonel Chester Phillips, and Hugo Weaving was sinister as the nefarious Red Skull. Another excellent performer was Stanley Tucci as the almost fatherly Dr. Abraham Erskine. But I think Chris Evans did the best, maybe because I didn't expect that from him.The film has great effects, none extremely extraordinary, but they do their job perfectly. Based during the time of World War II, the movie adopted a sort of old-fashioned, 20th century style. And it works greatly. And the plot goes along just well with all of this. Somewhere in the middle, I did seem to think the movie was rushing a little too fast, but that's understandable due to length; it's longer than I thought it would be, 2 hours and 5 minutes. The film has its fair share of badass moments, moments where everything happens exactly the way you could possibly hope for them to happen. And moments where the film grabs you and makes you feel emotional, attached to the characters, especially Steve Rogers, who you stick out with from the start till the end. The hero marks the spirit of America, and has the power to inspire everyone throughout the world to be a hero, because as this movie teaches, anyone physically weak or strong can be one as long as they have a good heart.And if you've read this entire review, I sincerely thank you greatly. But don't just take my word for it. Go watch it for yourself. Gather your opinions. And don't expect this to be the absolute best of the best because it isn't. But I'm sure if you give it a chance, you'll enjoy the experience as I did.
평점: 8	리뷰: (NOTE: CA = Captain America) Growing up I didn't read many Captain America comic books, but through cartoons of various incarnations in regards to Captain America, I knew many of the things already. Knowing all of this I still enjoyed the movie. Though I will mention my two friends that went with me and knew very little about CA enjoyed it a little bit more because there were a few more surprises for them. Of course this is no Dark Knight, very few if any superhero movies are but I can tell you that this to me was better than the recent X-men first class, which I also enjoyed. This was also better than the two Iron man movies because the character is more relate-able in contrast to Iron man's rich playboy with everything becomes a superhero.Chris Evans fits in perfectly as CA and as one other reviewer also mentioned, He is a much better CA than he was as the Human torch. You take to heart the evolution of his character from a scrawny kid from Brooklyn to one of America's greatest heroes. The supporting cast is also an awesome supplement, especially Tommy lee Jones' and Stanley Tucci characters. The movie takes liberties with the history of WWII, but just pretend this is taking place in an alternative universe (which most of these movies are anyway) and you will be fine. Overall this a good movie to go to if your are into superhero movies with a lot of action, which with respect to few CGI, seem realistic(in terms of movie action).I watched it in 2D because let's be realistic, the only movies I would like to see in 3D is Avatar because it was hyped as an awesome 3D movie. Don't expect an Dark knight performance but do expect a much better experience than the transformers movies and Iron Man 2.
평점: 7	리뷰: SOME SPOILERS(?) Not really... (But DO stay for after the credits!) It is quite possible to love Captain America the comic book too much. It is also quite possible to love those trailers with Stanley Tucci as Dr Erskine telling skinny Chris Evans / Steve Rogers that "It's about being a good man." And it is quite possible to get entranced by the humility and guts of this young man who would do good. Because at the heart of this comic book hero is a story about a good, pure- hearted man who would do whatever he could to do the right thing... and keep getting back up when bigger and more capable men would have long given up. And that is touching. And for the first half of the movie the story touches this admirably. My only beef is with the second half which seems to ditch the brooding character development of what is essentially a gentle and loving soul learning to finally enjoy his life... and gets too much into the action. Now, GRANTED, this IS a comic book movie. And GRANTED, this is also an action adventure story. But the spine of the story as portrayed in the first half of the story should have played a more central role in the second half. I think that would have made this into a "perfect" super hero movie... but moreso a solid, and touching drama. Because at the heart of this story SHOULD have been about a good man, learning his self- worth, and the love of a good woman who would inspire him to move forward even when he far outlived her. THAT, would have made the story thematically and emotionally unified. So maybe if the story was 30 minutes longer with that aspect of the drama placed within the heart of the story I would not have felt so numb and let down in the second half. Maybe. Maybe not. Just one other point: This movie is MEANT to be a setup for next year's AVENGERS movie. It would be a serious waste if they stopped making Captain America movies just to focus on Avengers stories. At the heart is still a man who is discovering his own self-worth. And that is plenty important in this day and age.
평점: 8	리뷰: Captain America is a fun time. It is not without it's flaws, to be sure, but ultimately the movie is defined by a sense of cheesy patriotism and optimistic bravado that does not ask you to take it seriously, promising that if you comply you will have a fun time. I complied. I had a fun time.It embraces it's WWII setting wholeheartedly, and that is what gives this movie most it's charm for anyone with the vaguest knowledge of history. There is a great scene where Steve is in a movie theater watching a propaganda reel advising all young men to enlist and join the army, and the camera pans out to show how emotionally inspired all the women in the theater are (there are few men, because they've all enlisted), and a later one where a pre-hero Captain America tours the country doing a stage show where he tells everyone to "Buy war bonds; each bond you buy is a bullet in the gun of a good man" (or something like that). All through the film are scattered little "I Want You" posters, some featuring Uncle Sam and some, rather creatively, featuring Captain America in his place. The end credits are made of the most famous of real propaganda posters, and, coupled with excellently trumpet-bound cheesy music, this all adds up nicely to a good half of the movie being an homage to the time period from whence the comic book character was born.Saddly, the other half of the movie is more confused. The villains use laser weaponry, and Captain America's shield is of course composed of more solid metal than anything we have today, and Howard Stark shows off a hovercar. These technological disparities were jarring, and the movie would have been better suited to featuring only the characters using standard issue WWII weapons, as it would have heightened the charm. I make it sound worse than it is perhaps, because none of the above things are bad, but they certainly weren't as good as the propaganda-ey parts.Also, this movie's standpoint on women is exploitive, and not very well handled exploitation at that. On the one hand we have the chorus girls dressed in skimpier outfits than anyone would have dreamed of in the forties on whose barely fishnet-clad legs the camera hovers a bit obsessively during the war bonds promotion sequence. This is degrading and unrealistic. On the other hand we have Peggy Carter, the above mentioned love interest who is nothing more than a ploy to appeal to feminists. She is always shown to be more decisive, more physically capable, and generally more masculine than the men around her despite wearing high heals. She is seemingly above having to dress according to regulations (there is a hilarious shot of her running alongside a bunch of similarly ranked soldiers where they all wear uniforms and she a leather jacket), and is in nearly every other scene without contributing to the story in even one of them. Her character is obviously included to conform to the inane message Hollywood seems so bent on cramming down our throats that women can be feminine and pretty but still do man things, and in the end the message I would like to cram down their throats is that women don't need to be good at the same things men are good at to be equal to men.The villains too need a little work. The Red Skull, the nemesis of Captain America, is introduced well in his first scene, but as the movie went on I found myself asking 'what's so special about him? Anyone can fly a plane, why is it so scary that he happens to be doing it?' Sure he was superhuman (if only slightly so), but him being superhuman never really ends up factoring in to whether or not he can order guys around, which is all he really does. His Cosmic Cube, a weapon/battery of immense power, was never explained well enough for my fellow audience members, even if I already knew what it was from my study of comic book lore, and I can't help but feel it was unfair to them. And where are the Nazis in all of this? The film would have benefited hugely from a scene or two of Captain America helping out at D-Day and such instead of just the bizarre montage it had of him blowing up H.Y.D.R.A. equipment. In particular I would have loved to see a scene or two revealing what Hitler thought of Captain America. No such scene exists, however, and I can't help but feel like the opportunity to marry history and the comic book world was lost.Still, I make this movie sound worse than it is. Or do I? In the end, this film had some severe issues that nearly wrecked almost every second of screen time, but somehow the cheery atmosphere won me over and triumphed over these problems. The momentum of the film and the fact the plot was almost constantly being advanced, even in the action scenes, gave it a wondrous sense of adventure, and is one of my new favourite war films and possibly superhero films to boot, and I am particularly impressed with how good it was considering how difficult to adapt a character Captain America is.P.S. Stay after the credits: there's a rather brief and flashy trailer for the Avengers. It is disappointing in some ways, but I'm willing to cut them some slack because of the fact that Avengers is still filming.
평점: 6	리뷰: (Spoilers in my review will all be marked ahead of time.) I don't know much about Captain America unlike other comics, so I was interested and excited to see it. I went into the movie with an open mind... The movie starts out good, with a good story and good character development, but shortly after Steve Rogers (Chris Evans) becomes Captain America (i wont say anymore about that so as not to spoil any of the story), the story kind of goes into a slump until all that is left is pretty much just action. It was like taking a balloon, filling it half way up with air and then letting it deflate. Disappointing.Plus Captain America was more like Captain Invincible. Nothing was challenging for him at all, not even the villain. I will go more into detail in the next paragraph. It was equivalent to playing a video game with God Mode cheats enabled. Also when we do get to the main villain (Hugo Weaving), we get a tiny smidgen of story about him, and thats pretty much it. I was very disappointed in the lack of effort by the writers, who got off to a good start, and then kind of seemed to stop trying. Captain America was my least favorite of the Avengers movies (Iron Man 1 & 2, The Incredible Hulk, & Thor.) I give Captain America an R for Retarded. lol. Just kidding. 6.0/10.0PS!!!! - Stay after the credits for a first look at the upcoming Avenger Movie!! Sweet!!The rest of my review (except for the last paragraph) ***contains spoilers!!*** -- OK so after the first 20mins/half hour about tiny Steve Rogers and him being chosen, everyone (scientists and the military)is very excited and highly anticipating the transformation of Steve into the first super soldier (Captain America) and when they finally do it, they're reaction is basically like 'huh, thats neat', and then kind of don't care anymore. Like watching the fireworks of the fourth of July, its amusing but when its over you go home and nothing changes. They put him in some ridiculous costume and make him preform on a stage with dressed up chicks dancing, with a cheesy rhyming script and choreography, as a literal mascot of the army. And they make him do it like hundreds of times, and he doesn't seem to care, even though he wanted to fight in the army like his whole life. Like some ape they experimented on, had a break through, and then threw him in the circus. It was a major (and very strange) side track. Then he finds out someone he knows is behind enemy lines, and decides to go fight.***Spoilers continue*** Then he becomes unstoppable. He fights his way through the rest of the movie without any challenge at all. Even the final battle between him and the villain (The Red Skull) isn't challenging. Its basically a fist fight, and then -Major Spoiler- ***the villain accidentally vaporizes himself. Like woops. I guess I shouldn't have grabbed that glowing all-powerful energy cube with my bare hands huh?*** Speaking of which, the energy cube that the Red Skull uses to power all his weapons is an ancient energy cube. They never explain what it is, where it came from, or what it was meant for. He just finds it and gets his scientist to manipulate its energy. And the Red Skull is basically relying on his one single scientist to solve all his problems, and he covers the costs. He has one plan to conquer the world, and no back up plan at all. So when Captain America starts to destroy his like 5 or 6 headquarters, he doesn't really know what to do other than watch and run.***Spoilers continue*** And as far as his abilities... He basically has a red face and can punch hard. Those are literally his only two special "abilities". Plus we don't find anything out about who he is, where he came from, why he wants to conquer the world, etc... All we find out is that he injected himself with an earlier version of what Steve is eventually dosed with, which made him a little stronger... and then burned his face off. Thats pretty much it. (Eyes roll). In the end, the Red Skull is more an inconvenience than a foe.All in all, while the graphics and action were good, the story was underdeveloped and disappointing - Captain America was an entertaining no-brainer flick worth watching once... on DVD. 6/10. (OK) :/
평점: 6	리뷰: Does America need another hero? Not a dark brooding hero like Batman. Nor a cocky scientist like Iron Man. Certainly not a weenie teenager like Spider Man. But a hero who wants to be a hero because it is the noble thing to do, to sacrifice himself for God and Country. I think we need someone like that to lift our spirits right now. Is that hero going to be Steve Rogers? But who is Steve Rogers? Rogers (played by Chris Evans) is a skinny, asthmatic kid from Brooklyn who is trying his hardest to enroll in the US Army during World War II to fight the Nazis. His intentions are honest; he hates bullies and wants to help stop the Nazis. He is discovered by Doctor Erksine (played by Stanley Tucci) who recruits him to be involved in an new experiment to make a super solider for the Army. Rogers willing accepts. Things aren't easy for him in boot camp, although he has heart, he is still a weakling. Think of him as the Rudy of the super hero world. He also has Col. Chester Phillips (played by Tommy Lee Jones) who doesn't want him in his Army. To fix all of this Rogers is injected with a serum to turn him from a bean pole to a mega man in literally minutes. After the experiment Rogers doesn't become the super hero Captain America we know today. He is in a holding pattern, the Army finds no use of him and he becomes a pitchman selling war bonds in musicals traveling across the US and war torn Italy. Meanwhile, in Nazi occupied Europe, Super Nazi Johann Schmidt (played by Hugo Weaving) is on his quest to find a blue cube of power so he can supersede from the Nazi army to take over the world himself. He even started his own army, HYDRA, who has a strong belief in folklore and mystical powers. While in Italy Rogers finds out that his best friend is trapped behind enemy lines and soon he makes a daring decision to save him from HYDRA. It is here Rogers truly becomes Captain America and leads his troops home. It is also revealed that Schmidt has a secret similar to Captain America, they both were experiments of Dr. Erskine. While Rogers became Captain America, Schmidt's experiment didn't go as well and he became Red Skull (I think the name says it all). The director, Joe Johnston (Jumanji, The Rocketeer) takes a lazy approach to establish Captain America's heroics by gluing together a montage of fight scenes with no real story to back them up. We see a lot of action for a few minutes then go back to the rest of the story of Captain America on the hunt for Red Skull. Should you see this movie? Sure, being part of the Avengers series makes it somewhat necessary to see it before next year when the Avengers movie is released. As with Iron Man and Thor, it is still a good stand alone movie (Note to Iron Man fans: we are introduced to Tony Stark's father in this film). There is enough action, humor and romance to hold the story together.Jones is the stand-out actor in this troupe with his stern but humorous delivery of his lines. He gives the film some pick up when Evans' lines are falling flat. Spoiler alert: Unlike the other films in this series, don't waste your time waiting for the secret clip after the credits role.
평점: 6	리뷰: Joe Johnston has done it again, managing to take what SHOULD be great action flick material and managed to make it, well, boring.Don't get me wrong, the film started out quite well. The change from puny wimp to super hero was well done, as was the intro sequence with red skull. The whole nazi-mysticism mystique was done very well. But it seemed that after Joe Johnston filmed these two or three well thought out portions, the rest of the film was just filler.I caught myself looking at my watch a few times, just sort of wanting the movie to end - and this was at the 1/2 point of the film. The action sequences are fairly average for the most part and I really never got that "edge of my seat" feeling as the characters faced peril.All in all, an above-average film which could have been great if someone with better directing chops had been chosen.6/10
평점: 8	리뷰: The Marvel character movies have been a mixed bag. I know when a film is being produced and directed by people outside the comics industry that some things are lost in translation and some things are changed simply so the director can put their individual mark on it. Up until last month, Iron Man was the best movie to capture the main idea of the character and story, in my opinion. Iron Man was a very true to the mythos and great to watch. Captain America is better and that is not taking anything away from Iron Man. Yes, still some aspects of the story was changed, but I felt this was a great translation that captured and added to Captain America. They handled the background story and cast of characters with intelligence. I think the original intent of Captain America's creator comes through and what his values were. They did a great job with Steve Rogers pre-super soldier serum with the visual effects. The plot was very good and moved along well developing the story. I do not even remember any bad language at all which is rare these days. If you like super heroes and want to be entertained for two hours then this movie will do it.
평점: 10	리뷰: A spectacular comic-book adventure movie that features a muscular, red blooded, all-American hero, Steve Rogers a.k.a. Captain America, he is brilliantly played by Chris Evans who is so perfectly casted in the role, he captures the character's earnestness and humility, as well as his old-fashioned gung ho spirit and patriotism. Joe Johnson's direction is right on target, and he gives us a truly exciting and meticulously crafted motion picture, the story is set in 1942 where a short, skinny, asthmatic 98-pound weakling from Brooklyn, named Steve Rogers has tried to enlist to fight in "World War II, but has been rejected numerous, unlike his best friend "Bucky Barnes, nicely played by Sabastian Stan who has been shipping off to the battlefields in Europe. Rogers is undersized but has the heart of a lion, he hates bullies, and never back away or gives up in a fight, Rogers volunteers to participate in an super-soldier experiment run by Dr. Abraham Erkstine, superbly played by Stanley Tucci, he gets pumped up with a secret bulkification serum and "Vita" rays, resulting in a full-fledge physical transformation, Rogers emerges from a metal cocoon a muscle-bound 6'2 foot hulking man with super-human strength.
평점: 5	리뷰: If you thought this movie was "awesome" or like a " tour de force" or something, you are probably either 8 years old or a total idiot. I went into this movie with high hopes. I saw some trailers and i thought it looked pretty cool. Growing up I was a pretty big marvel fan. For some reason I felt that Captain America was going to be good. I was wrong, it was just as pointless and boring as all the other movies marvel has put out as of late. The movie had a good beginning. The back story was enough to make you wonder what would happen next, but then my curiosity ended as soon as Steve Rogers was dropped into battle. I'll just get to the point.My issues:1- Captain America is invincible. I can't understand why every dumb villain in this movie was just dying to fist fight Captain America. Every time CA entered a room everyone just immediately threw away their future rifles the moment they saw him. I laughed at one point when one of the hydra guys pulled out a switch blade(Use your gun idiot!). So anyways Captain America was pretty much never in danger the entire movie, he was an unstoppable ass-kicking machine. At no point did you feel he was challenged or that he might not succeed. There was little to no adversity with the exception of a guy with a switch blade and a couple incompetent cumbersome flame troopers.2- Women all over the army? And hot ones too! Maybe I didn't live through the 40's, but i'm pretty sure that these dames weren't running around with the troops firing thompson machine guns.3- Red skulls face looked like a cheap rubber halloween mask. There was nothing menacing about him or his cheap red face. Were we suppose to be horrified when he took off his mask.4- There was little to no development of Red Skull, all we know is he wants to attack everywhere. Lame.5- Those hydra troops really need to lose their salute. That whole both hands in the air thing was too much. They might as well have just all shouted "derp" in unison.So anyways it seemed as though the writing staff came up with some good ideas the first day, got excited, went to lunch, and never came back.
평점: 5	리뷰: Hard to believe that just three years ago (2008), Marvel made the bold decision to create a single movie universe out of their second-tier heroes (though some may argue that Iron Man is first-tier; IMO, that honor really belongs to Spider-Man and the Fantastic Four...but that's an argument for another time) that would allow them to finally bring The Avengers to the big screen. This plan got off to a hugely successful start with 2008's IRON MAN (9/10) and a decent reboot of THE INCREDIBLE HULK (7/10) later that same year, and started picking up steam when 2010's IRON MAN 2 (8/10) brought War Machine and Black Widow into the picture. This year, THOR (7/10) ushered in a good start to the summer movie season and introduced the malevolently mischievous Loki to the mix while giving us a sneak peek at Hawkeye. Now, Captain America finally gets his chance to shine. How does he do?Rejoice, Marvelites, for Marvel Studios has done it again...taken a hero whose origins would be difficult to get right on film and managed to make it look easy. Chris Evans, whose first foray into Marvel movies was playing Johnny Storm (the Human Torch) in the merely O.K. FANTASTIC FOUR, is amazing as Steve Rogers, the 90-lb. weakling who gets transformed into a Super Soldier and becomes the much-beloved Captain America. Evans never lets us forget that Cap's real strength has always been his good heart and his love for his country, and that overarching goodness and patriotism are perfectly blended together in this pastiche of 40's nostalgia mixed with WWII heroism and just a touch of steampunk (relax, it works here).The plot, if you've read any reviews, you already know, so I won't rehash it here. Instead, I'll touch on how much I really enjoyed every moment in this movie; the scenes are perfectly put together, all the set pieces move the action forward (even the cheesy USO show montage), and the pace never drags, even in the slower, more personal sections. I do wish a little more work had gone into making the villainous Red Skull (the always-great Hugo Weaving, who could make reading a phonebook interesting) a more compelling villain to watch; yes, Weaving does great work with what he's been given, but he could have been so much better. HYDRA never really feels like a true threat because of the way Cap and his men handle them so easily, and that's too bad, because a real menacing presence is the one thing this movie really needed to go beyond "Entertaining".The supporting players, though, all do great work in making this universe feel real and alive. Hayley Atwell as British Intelligence Agent Peggy Carter, Cap's budding love interest, is great, and their interactions are surprisingly touching. Dominic Cooper plays millionaire inventor Howard Stark with a mixture of charm and intensity (and more than a little touch of Robert Downey Jr.'s mannerisms--watch for the moment when Stark peers over the top of his glasses in a very Downey-esque manner) that provides a nice foreshadowing of his importance in later Marvel lore (as a founder of S.H.I.E.L.D. and the father of Iron Man Tony Stark)--plus seeing an early version of Stark Industries' logo on every piece of tech is too cool for words. Tommy Lee Jones was born to play an Army hard-nose, and he doesn't disappoint as Rogers' commanding officer Colonel Chester Phillips.The movie, though, ultimately hinges on Evans' ability to pull off the earnestly intense Captain America, and he does it brilliantly. Even the moment where Cap makes what he believes will be the Ultimate Sacrifice (and if you know your Captain America lore, you know EXACTLY what that sacrifice is and how he's going to do it) never becomes cheesy or overdone; when Cap's voice vanishes from the radio, I cried. Stick around for the post-credits tease, where we FINALLY get our first look at THE AVENGERS (due in 2012); it's well worth it.,
평점: 10	리뷰: I wasn't really hype to see this film, instead I was more interested to see how they were going to show his fall into suspended animation. This film however was a disappointment. but is was mostly due to poor writing and the lack of using all the source material they had to use. We never see Rogers train in martial Arts in fact after his transformation he is automatically a great soldier who single handily pull off an infiltration into the headquarters of Hydra. Having serve time in the military I can assure you this would be impossible for anyone who isn't bulletproof.Understand Captain America has no superhuman powers but because of the Super-Soldier Serum his strength, endurance, agility, speed, reflexes, durability, and healing are at the highest limits of natural human potential. In other words he could be killed by a regular bullet as attempted in "The Death of Captain America" storyline.With that this film lack the same thing as the Green Lantern film. The training of Steve Rogers. How cool would it have been to have Steve Train with Sgt Nick Fury. As a fan of comics it is widely known that Nick Fury took the infinity serum which stop his aging. Having Nick Fury as a sparring partner in at least one scene or montage would have added to the films credibility. Instead Steve becomes the ultimate fighter and tactician with just the super soldier serum. He plans the strategy for the colonel???The actors were great and Hayley Atwell does an awesome Job as Peggy Carter and Steve's love interest. Hugo Weaving as always was brilliant as the Red Skull and Chris Evans was acceptable as Steve Rogers. There also was little action for a wartime movie, much of which is seen in the trailers.The best part of this film was the Avengers clips they show at the end of the film. Overall I give this film a C+/B- at best.
평점: 7	리뷰: Greetings again from the darkness. If it seems to you as if the past three years have provided an overload of superhero and comic-based movies, you are absolutely correct. There have been too many. There are a few I would be willing to toss out, but Captain America is not one of them. This ranks right with the first Iron Man as the closest to a real movie ... one with a story to go with the action and CGI.This one begins with the present day discovery of an exposed plane wing jutting from the frozen Arctic tundra. The search team quickly finds the Captain America shield visible beneath the ice. Flash back to WWII and we are introduced to a scrawny Steve Rogers who wants nothing more than to fight for his country. Unfortunately, this 90-pound weakling might as well have 4-F stamped on his forehead.His tenacity at trying to enlist is noticed by a powerful scientist named Erskine (played with sheer smirking joy by Stanley Tucci). Erskine happens to be working with Col. Phillips (a grumpy Tommy Lee Jones) on a secret plan to develop super-soldiers with the injectable cocktail Erskine has invented. As you might guess, the plan is thwarted immediately after scrawny Steve Rogers is transformed into a super soldier yanked from the pages of Men's Fitness.Working with Col Phillips and Erskine is Peggy Carter (Hayley Atwell). Her main purpose seems to be testing the brightest red lipstick and flashing her legs in front of the soldiers. She falls for Rogers and spends most of her scenes staring somewhat scarily into his eyes. Actually, their scenes together are pretty good and her character helps us remember that Captain America is still just a regular guy ... not a Norse God.Personally, I thought the movie lagged just a bit in the fight scenes between good and evil. But that doesn't mean I didn't find Red Skull (Hugo Weaving) to be a terrific bad guy. Nazi's still make for the perfect adversary. Although, I found myself laughing on occasion as Weaving's German accent reminded me of Christoph Waltz in Inglourious Basterds.What makes this movie work is the fact that Captain America remains Steve Rogers. He is always a good guy wanting to do the right things. He is deeply affected when he thinks his actions may have caused the death of his best friend Bucky. But he also manages to keep his ego in check and his patriotic duty in the forefront. Also, the film is directed by Joe Johnston. If you are unfamiliar with his work, let me recommend two of his underrated earlier films: The Rocketeer and Hidalgo. You are probably familiar with his Jumanji and October Sky. He is a director that creates a specific look and feel to his films, and the texture helps make this one work.Since this is entitled Captain America: The First Avenger, it is obviously another step towards The Avengers movie slated for 2012. So don't miss Dominic Cooper as Howard Stark (father of Tony Stark/Iron Man). And don't miss Samuel L. Jackson as Nick Fury in the odd ending to this film ... and the obligatory "extra" after closing credits.
평점: 7	리뷰: I thought this movie wasn't great but not bad either. I would categorize it somewhere in between average and good. This film moves at a steady pace and the plot points are pretty dull so there aren't any real surprises. The action is OK but at points it's borderline dumb. Your lead character is Steve Rodgers who goes from scrawny to brawny via a super serum and seemingly everything about him gets enhanced except for his personality. Big and buff doesn't translate into entertaining unless you like to frequent establishments such as "Swinging Richards". Chris Evans makes a pretty good Captain America but that in itself is part of the problem. Not Chris Evans but the character of Captain America. We live in a time where people want dark, edgy action topped off with a great story so Captain America and Superman really stand to suffer in my opinion. They don't have the charisma or ego as other superheroes and if a movie like Captain America isn't superbly written and/or directed, then you end up bored 80% of the time like i was. As i said, it's not bad and worth checking out if you're a comic book fan but it's not as entertaining or good as "Thor" or even "Iron Man".
평점: 7	리뷰: This may be the best super-hero film ever because it was true to the comic book, had believable characters and exhibited true life emotions. It was 10 times better than Thor which was all special effects, 100 times better than all the Hulk movies, and better than all the X-men movies except maybe Wolverine Origins. I also give two thumbs up to Green Lantern for the same basic reasons. Being set in WWII allowed the movie to be classy because the women didn't have to dress like hookers and it was OK for the men to have honor and patriotism because the philosophy of greed and "me first" had not been introduced to America yet. The movie was both entertaining and inspiring. It brought tears to my eyes in many places because it was so good and because it reminded me of what America is really all about.
평점: 7	리뷰: It is always fun to see the roots of super heroes. We see the work that turns the physically below average GI Joe into super buff Captain America.Captain America is an old fashioned flag waiving American hero. After a stint on the Bond selling tour he gets his chance to fight. He fights in World War II against the Nazis and the even a more sinister rogue Nazi aptly named The Red Skull.Tommy Lee Jones keeps the film grounded and adds humor, even when some of the action looks more like Star Wars then WWII. A rousing score by Alan Silvestri and a sure to be nominated song by Alan Menken add to the fun.Captain America: The First Avenger deliveries exactly what you expect and want from a summer "popcorn" movie. Stay through the long end credits and get a glimpse of next summer's sequel that appears to contemporize the story.
평점: 7	리뷰: Captain America the First Avenger is an excellent adaption of the super hero who originated back in the 1940's. The film not only captures the flavor and essence of the time period and its characters, but an exciting good versus evil element in its most fundamental form. Chris Evan plays the part of Steve Rogers perfectly - a young man who wants to serve his country in its most perilous time. What we see is a "good man" who transforms into a hero that is not only needed in his own time but possibly one to set an example for future generations too. Tony Stark as Iron Man has his inner demons, Thor has his arrogance and his family nobility to live up to, the Hulk has his anger issues - but with Captain America, you know you have a man, true and devoted to a code, who will always, no matter where or what, will do the right thing.The action scenes are excellent, fast-paced and exciting. The supporting characters are especially well done - Hugo Weaving as Red Skull, Tobey Jones as Arnim Zola, Tommy Lee Jones as Col. Phillips, Stanley Tucci as Abraham Erskine, Hayley Atwell as Peggy Carter, Dominic Cooper as Howard Stark and Sebastian Shaw as Bucky, all round out a good cast of characters; each having a vital part in the story, yet also blend and develop and carry the story along with Cap in a smooth and uncomplicated way.*Note: In a series of films that are leading up to possibly one of the most anticipated of the super hero series - "The Avengers" each individual entry has and is tied to each other and has a direct effect on the one film that will bring them all together. If this series of films, which is essentially the combined ingredients to the one film, is successful - it may prove to be one of the most successful film series pulled off in cinema history.Iron Man, Thor, and The Incredible Hulk all stand alone very well - I think each one has been adapted to the big screen in a positive way, staying true to the real source from the comic books and each has a good dose of excitement, action and likable characters with surprisingly good depth - and I hope we will see more of their adventures individually. But for some reason, I can't help but feel that in some way that Captain America was a measuring stick in the series to determine whether the genre lives. If Cap was a failure, I think Marvel would be second-guessing whether to proceed with other films - if one of their most popular characters were to crash and burn then we may not see anymore after the Avengers. But - happy to say, I heard a resounding stamp of approval at the ending credits of this film and an even more intense reception at the short preview clip of the Avengers in the post credits. Not only does Captain America, Iron Man, Thor and the others pave the way for the Avengers but possibly future film treatments from the Marvel Universe. I'm sure that Marvel is banking on the success of these films to determine whether they have the green light to consider bringing other Marvel characters such as Dr. Strange, Black Panther, Namor, Vision, Hawkeye and perhaps a better version of the Silver Surfer and Fantastic Four and Daredevil too, into the mix.After seeing Captain America, it without a doubt, stands as one the pillars of the series.Can't wait to see Cap in the Avengers.
평점: 7	리뷰: I have gone to see each of the movies in this "series" and they have all been amazing. I love the action and the intensity of the movies, yet this one is a complete let down. The story was boring for the most part and I was literally about to fall asleep several times. The plot was OK, but they could have done much more fighting and a lot less talking. It seems they spent the entire time setting the movie up and ran out of time for the good stuff. There was little fighting, explosions, and the special effects were crappy! I wouldn't recommend the movie to anyone, but I will go to see the next one. Surely they will go back to a higher quality of movie for that one!
평점: 10	리뷰: This movie excels in every way a superhero movie should be. Lots of action, some humor, a love scene or two, and lots of thrills and chills. Chris Evans plays with gusto performance as Captain America/Nick Rogers, a skinny man who with the power of something that's like steroids becomes a super soldier intent on defeating the Nazis and Red Skull, played by Hugo Weaving. The British actress who plays Cap's girlfriend is hot. I'd choose her over Mila Kunis night and day. The effects are good, and the attention given to the movie from the comic book is well done. Stay after the credits for the Avengers trailer. It's worth the $10. Stay away from the 3d version.
평점: 6	리뷰: I don't understand the other glowing reviews here... must be from people involved with the film. Captain America is yet another superhero movie this summer with the same old plot, same tired special effects, lame dialog, and no character development. I was very close to walking out of the movie. The action sequences were pretty boring and mainly consisted of Captain America running and jumping around. The soundtrack was extremely generic and forgettable. The villain (can't even remember the his name, or any other character besides Steve Rogers) was the same cliché we've seen over and over again. After seeing this and Thor, I am convinced that the Avenger's movie will be a letdown. And don't even bother watching this thing in 3D.
평점: 7	리뷰: Captain America: The First Avenger, directed by Joe Johnston, bears the mark of many of his films -- good, solid direction; clear and understandable characters and plot points that support the material -- but misses the mark, if only just slightly.Steve Rogers (Chris Rogers), an underdeveloped and over patriotic young man, wants to join the 1942 fight against Hitler. What compounds this problem is his close friend Bucky is the complete opposite of everything he is: strong, confident and athletic. After several, failed attempts to "join up," an exiled foreign professor chooses him for a secret mission and the rest, as they say, is history.Johnston and Christopher Markus' script spends a good deal of time building up the character of Rogers as a dedicated solider, willing to do anything to defend his country and his fellows. But he spends a little too much time in fact. By the time Steve Rogers becomes the hero of the moment, the audience knows he is dedicated and the action that they have paid to see distills into three adventures and a montage of attacks mounted by the Captain.Where such films like this always tend to shine is the villain, aptly performed by Hugo Weaving. The scenes in which he is featured are truly the lynchpin of the film, with special emphasis on the climax between his character and Captain America.Johnston's straight forward direction is technically correct but the timing and the script hamstring him. Much credit goes to the special effects team that takes Steve from wimp to pimp.
평점: 7	리뷰: I admire the look and feel of this movie almost as much as I marvel at its incomprehensible luck. The transformation of Steve Rogers from skinny Army reject to American champion is the best I've ever seen anywhere and could not have been made so successfully without these particular actors and today's technology. Someone up there clearly LOVES the people who made this film. If I were a filmmaker I'd despair at trying to play in this film's league, too much must have been sheer serendipity, or so I'd try to convince myself.This film's art direction is nearly perfect. But that's in addition to its other superb components from acting to story to photography to music. As most of the paid critics have mentioned, Chris Evans is particularly both enjoyable and indispensable. Even more than being an instant classic in every sense, I'm not sure I could ever trust anyone who didn't like this film.
평점: 10	리뷰: I saw "Captain America" earlier tonight. Fantastic movie! The vast majority of the movie is set during World War Two. The movie does a great job of showing the transformation of Steve Rogers into Captain America. I won't post any spoilers, but I think most people are going to be very happy with how this movie was done.Highlight performances were Chris Evans as Cap, Hayley Atwell as Peggy Carter, Tommy Lee Jones as Colonel Phillips, Hugo Weaving as the Red Skull, Stanley Tucci as Dr. Erskine, and the whole crew of Cap's Team during WW2. Really, the acting was top-notch throughout.I liked the plot a lot. It kept a nice pace, unless you are an action junkie who gets upset if something doesn't blow up every minute. Cap was believable. Not overblown, not a tough-guy, just a good man who wants to do right. I LOVED how he was portrayed. Major kudos to the writers and director.Overall, I think this is my favorite superhero movie to date. It slightly edges out "The Dark Knight" and "Iron Man" and "Thor".
평점: 8	리뷰: Captain America: The First Avenger will focus on the early days of the Marvel Universe when Steve Rogers volunteers to participate in an experimental program that turns him into the Super Soldier known as Captain America. As Captain America, Rogers joins forces with Bucky Barnes and Peggy Carter to wage war on the evil HYDRA organization, led by the villainous Red Skull -- (C) ParamountOut of all superhero films that have come out this year, Captain America is not only the best one, but is also the only one that I actually liked. Now, some might argue that X-Men: First Class was fantastic (I am NOT a fan of Thor), but, while not bad, I felt it didn't reach its potential. As for Captain America, its main distinction to other summer films is that it doesn't dive right into the action. I appreciated the time it took to develop its characters, and, gee, there actually seemed to be a story going on here. I also have to warn those of you who might expect a straight up action flick to not get your hopes high. Although it didn't bother me, it does take a while before an action scene actually appears.Another distinction that separates itself from other superhero films is the look of the film, coinciding its setting in 1942. Captain America looks and feels like an old-fashion film, and I really embraced it. This is also due to Alan Silvestri's score, which feels more classic than modern film scores. Our protagonist, Steve Rogers, feels like a real person which adds an emotional weight to the film. We feel for him and want him to succeed in his goal. And once the story is set up and the action finally comes to play, the action doesn't seem to appear for action's sake. It actually propels the story. It also doesn't hurt having a romance brewing between him and Peggy Carter. It was sweet and didn't feel forced to me.Chris Evans plays the title character and he's great playing both the skinny, average Joe and the buff, all-American hero. He certainly steps up his performance here compared to his other superhero character, Johnny Storm. He brings a sort of charisma and puppy dog charm to his role, and it seems like an automatic response to be on his side when we first meet his character. Hayley Atwell is totally believable as his love interest as well. I would love to see what other things she has to offer in future roles. With all good superhero films, there must be a villain to match it. In that case, it's not surprising that Hugo Weaving doesn't disappoint. Just as the person he is, he can withhold an audience's attention without even trying.I also liked the relationship between Evans and Sebastian Stan, who plays his best friend. It felt authentic. Tommy Lee Jones brings a few laughs as well. Playing Tony Stark's father, Dominic Cooper thankfully doesn't feel like an Iron Man character being in an Avenger's flick just to string in the Avenger characters together because Thor and Iron Man 2 felt like films made just for the Avengers flick rather than individual films themselves. Stanley Tucci is good in a small role, although the German accent does push it a little.With a good story, great characters, great action scenes, and an involving narrative, Captain America is definitely a hit for Marvel Studios. The unique 1940s setting also sets itself apart from other superhero films, and Chris Evans is terrific in the title role. Captain America doesn't feel like your usual popcorn summer flick, and maybe it's a good thing it isn't. Also, stay after the credits to see a cool Avengers trailer.
평점: 10	리뷰: I not sure what to right, in 2011, this was my second marvel movie and the both were fantastic (TOR + Captain America). I love it. Guys just go and watch. I am waiting on the Avengers now. Also, don't miss out the credits they will show the Avengers trailer in the very end. This movie starts from the making of the "Captain America" and beautifully ends up in the New York City current day where Steve Rogers and head of STARK foundation meet. Movie has a lot of details about Captain America. Only thing which I might question was gun used by Steve. I don't recall from comics that captain America has gun but maybe I am wrong. Also, what I like was Tony Stark's father Howard Stark in the movie.
평점: 10	리뷰: So before I start the review I would like to say that I am sort of a die hard Captain America fan, though it is a bit hard I will try my best to put that aside for an honest review.Unlike many of the other recent Marvel films, The First Avenger had a much darker tone, which followed suit very well with the actually plot, though it never failed to toss comedic relief into the mix. The camera work was phenomenal, by my standards anyway, and the casting seemed nearly perfect. The effects were astounding, costuming perfect, and the subtle hints towards the fans were impeccable.If you would like the read the full review please go to:http://movie-experiences.blogspot.com/2011/07/captain-america-first- avenger.html
평점: 10	리뷰: The whole movie was a jumbled pile of random events with no explanation as to what was happening. I don't think I could explain the storyline to another person; it was that unclear. It's like they probably took 10 random events from different Captain America comic books and tried to put them all in one movie, then try to piece together how they fit. Normally, I wouldn't care if the plot of an action movie sucked, but the action wasn't even that good. Don't even get me started on the fight scenes. What the hell? People fighting with laser guns in World War II? I know it's supposed to be fiction, but still. What a dumb twist. I COULD NOT WAIT for the movie to get over. If I wasn't with my friends, I would have walked out. Total garbage. I think it's fair to say the comic book movie genre has run its course.
평점: 10	리뷰: -SPOILERS-The movie was excellent the Red Skull looked fantastic, and Chris Evans did a wonderful job portraying Steve Rogers. I thought them putting Dr.Arnim Zola in it was wonderful. And Sebastian Stan did very well as Bucky.(Though I was worried)I also liked the end when Steve wakes up almost 70 years later in New York City when Nick Fury finds him. This movie is tied with Thor and Iron Man for the best Marvel movie ever! There wasn't a thing i didn't enjoy about the film.(coming from a fan)Stan Lee's cameo was pretty funny if you understand why he's saying it. Overall, this movie deserves ten out of ten stars, for action, humor, and following the comics very well. Good job Joe Johnston!
평점: 9	리뷰: Full Disclosure: I have yet to see Thor, so when I say Captain America: The First Avenger is, in my opinion, the best Marvel Studios film to date, it is without Thor being taken into consideration. That being said, with all I've heard about Thor, I'm not inclined to believe it tops Captain America. So yes, Captain America is the best Marvel Studios film to date (and by Marvel Studios I'm specifically referring to everything after Iron Man, although, this film is better than 90% of the Marvel films that came out prior to 2008 as well). It's a wonderfully old-school action film that tonally feels akin to the likes of Raiders of the Lost Ark and Last Crusade, the performances are top notch, and it's just loads of fun from beginning to end. One of the things that most impressed me about this film was the character of Captain America himself. The character can essentially be summed up in two words: good guy. In many cases having a lead character with such a one-note personality could be a detriment to the film and could come off as corny or boring (much like Superman in Superman Returns), but here, it miraculously works. And it doesn't *just* work, Steve Rogers, despite his lack of dimensionality is really the driving force of the whole film who you root for and empathize with. He never comes across as anything less than believable, and I think a large part of this stems from the way that Joe Johnston and company portray him from the get go. As the film starts, Steve Rogers is the epitome of underdog; he is scrawny, down on his luck, and unable to accomplish the thing he most desires. The film sets the character up in such a way that the audience connects with him as the underdog and that connection lasts even after he becomes Captain America, the biggest, toughest, guy on the battlefield. He still reads as the same character because his core goodness doesn't change. It's the rare case where a character without any kind of traditional arc is actually the right choice for the film, and Chris Evans' performance absolutely makes this character. The first half of the movie, by itself, is better than just about everything else that has come out this year (excluding Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows). After that point though, the film starts to hit a minor case of the Second Act sag, where I started to feel a bit of action overload with no real pressing plot issues. However, this is resolved fairly quickly and the climax of the film works really well, and leads ultimately to a fantastic ending. Another element of this film that works very well is the integration of the Avengers continuity. Many people have complained that since the Avengers initiative was announced at the end of the first Iron Man that many of the Marvel films have suffered, to an extent, by trying to force continuity between the different characters into every film, Iron Man 2 was the worst example of this. However, Captain America works wonderfully in that none of the Avengers continuity elements feel intrusive or forced, it all fits very naturally into the narrative, and, in fact, would have actually hurt the movie if it had not been present. This is the way I wish the rest of the films had been handled, because this film, more than any other, has made me excited for seeing The Avengers next May. There's also some fantastic fan-service in this film, and even though I've never really been a comic book nerd (I'm a nerd, by all accounts, but I've never fit into that variety) it still had me grinning from ear to ear. My biggest complaint with this film, aside from the aforementioned Second Act sag, would be the character of Red Skull. Like Captain America, Red Skull is very two-dimensional, but it doesn't play as well as it does for our hero. Red Skull just was not a particularly compelling villain, and while it's not necessarily damaging to the film, it's one of the few dull elements that, when compared to everything else, stands out a bit. We may have had to wait a while, but 2011 has finally started to turn up in terms of excellent movies this month. Captain America is an amazing summer blockbuster with great talent both in front of and behind the camera. The cast from Chris Evans to Tommy Lee Jones to Hayley Atwell give great performances, the writing from Christopher Markus and Stephen McFeely is great, and it's all headed with wonderful direction from Joe Johnston. I definitely recommend this film. A-
평점: 8	리뷰: I must admit that I am an avid fan of the Captain America comic book series and as such I was eager to see the big budget cinematic adaptation of my favorite super hero. I must also admit that I was a tad let down by the movie, but only because I am so intimately familiar with the character and history of Captain America and was hoping for a few things that just weren't in the film. That being said, Captain America is still a very good movie and is well worth the price of admission.Chris Evans isn't stellar as Captain America, but his is fantastic in his role as Steve Rogers, the scrawny kid that is all heart. The movie spends a great deal of time establishing and developing Steve Rogers but is a little lacking in the establishment of Captain America as a total bad-ass. That's just me nitpicking a bit, I really wanted to see Captain America wade through legions of German lackeys and take them out with impressive, Matrix-style martial arts moves. There is a bit of that but not to the degree I was hoping for. I also wanted to see Captain America in training, developing his fighting and tactical skills to superhuman levels, instead there was on-the-job training. It worked and the fact that Captain America is truly heroic is evident, I just wanted some Batman Begins training to hone and solidify that fact.When it is all said and done Captain America is a fine movie with a good lead actor and a stellar supporting cast. Tommy Lee Jones is great as the gruff Army Colonel, Stanley Tucci is brilliant as the fatherly Dr. Abraham Erskine, and Dominic Cooper delights as Howard Stark, father of Tony Stark, a.k.a Iron Man. Captain America is funny when it needs to be, action packed where it can be, and grounded throughout. Oh, and stay through the end credits, The Avengers looks like it will totally rule!
평점: 10	리뷰: This movie was great, the acting was very good and the story was written perfectly, the humor the action the seriousness of this film was all put together very well. This is one of the first superhero movies that is well made and actually feels like a comic book on screen. This is one of my favorite comic movies and i love that they keep making more superhero movies, when all of the marvel characters come together its going to be great, The Avengers is going to be excellent and the way in this movie how they had captain America come to the future was awesome, its all coming togehter smoothly for marvel and i don't think it could be done any better. all the movies that have been made and are part of the avengers have all been top notch, you have iron man 1 and 2 they were great, thor was very good, the last hulk was much better even though in the avengers its a different actor then from the movie, and captain America to rap it up for the avengers
평점: 10	리뷰: Watched this last night and found myself waiting for the movie to make that odd little death- flop that comes with simply making itself an advertisement for "The Avengers" (which is what I felt "Thor" ended up being).Director Joe Johnston understands the era, though, as seen thru his film "The Rocketeer", and realizes that one can put characters in peril all while not completely depending on new technology. The movie also does an excellent job of poking fun at the cheesier side of the 1940's war efforts while contrasting them with the dankness of actual war.There were some steam-punk elements to this film that reminded me of the show "The Adventures of Brisco County, Jr." and led the film easily into connecting with the upcoming "Avengers" with hints of modernization.The Actors played each character well, ESPECIALLY Chris Evans who, obviously, as the titular Captain, wears both bravery and humility on his shirtsleeve without becoming a parody of a weakling. Each supporting actor seemed to be having fun, not unlike actors in Johnston's "October Sky". Hugo Weaving was a great choice for Red Skull IMO. Also, UNLIKE "Thor" (sorry to rain on his parade), you feel like Cap and Red Skull are a perfect match for each other. Either one could kick the others' butt, it was just a matter of who would get the upper-hand. In "Thor", Thor and Loki would get in a fight and it would look good but you had no reason to believe one could be more powerful than the other outside of the fact that the movie was Thor's to begin with.What I was happy about is that there were a few very explicit connections to The Avengers and a few subtle HINTS at other Avenger-related franchises. While I will not give them away, each seemed to have a purpose that suited the characters and their function in the film, which was incredibly satisfying to me (again, considering what I thought was truly weak about "Thor"). If this film had simply had to run on its own merits, minus the possibility of any sequels, we would have had quite a good film alone.If I had to compare it to any other Marvel film, I would mostly compare it to the first "Iron Man" because it uses War as a backdrop to test our characters. And Tony Stark and Steve Rogers have completely different approaches to survival. Sure, the war in the movie realistically gritty as actual war, but that really doesn't affect how you feel at the end.This is a pretty good movie to take your 10-year old to (minus some violence) on a Sunday afternoon. Here's to Marvel and their success in making more fine films that blend Character, Action and Story together, just like their Comics do!
평점: 10	리뷰: I watched Captain America last night and thoroughly enjoyed myself. How can you not like a superhero kicking Nazi butt and smacking around evil redheads. This roller coaster ride had everything, and the cast performed it all superbly. Chris Evans was the right choice for Captain America – no question about it. His transition from the scrawny little guy to the ripped big guy is, was amazing, very hulk-like. Was this the best superhero movie I have seen, nope, but it is right up there near the top. It follows the comic books (I think – since I only read them 30 years ago and none since). Anyways, good job one and all and thought that the ride was great.
평점: 10	리뷰: While other superheroes are just out to stop thugs and fight crime for what the police and average citizens can't handle, instead Captain America is a political savior with a chunk of the world in his sights: someone who has a knack for heroics, team leadership and is capable of changing the tides of war with not only his brawn but his determination and unselfish attitude."Captain America: The First Avenger" is set during World War II and like "X-Men: First Class" it creates an alternate universe with shared commonalities to the past, as what's unfolding isn't just working in the shadows like, say, "National Treasure," rather it's stepping out to the light to make its own substitute history with different names and faces. In doing so it manages to pose a series of what if questions: What if Germany perfected scientific weapons before the US? What if one man could actually make a significant difference in war? What if they had more advanced artillery and technology in the '40s and how would it have panned out otherwise? Hitler is only mentioned with mock and referenced talk, but instead the main Axis bad guy named Johann Schmidt (Weaving) is at the forefront with possibly more ambition than the tiny mustached dictator could hope. Nazis and swastikas aren't delved into but instead an organization/political party/cult named "HYDRA" with a different but still threatening emblem to wave.A scrawny guy named Steve Rogers (Evans) from Brooklyn, who has the underdeveloped frame of an average 13 year old but the courage of a warrior, is doing all but holding his breath to enlist in the military so he can serve his country despite health issues and a Hobbit stature. After continually getting denied, he gains his chance when meeting an honest man named Dr. Abraham Erskine (Tucci) who's an idealist scientist who sees potential in Rogers for a new experiment. The serum can't be used on just anyone as it will transform the person into an unstoppable super soldier as well as amplify their temperament from bad to really bad, and good to extremely good. Thus when the ultra-patriot-to-be comes out a taller, bulkier one-man-army, not to mention a lady magnet, he has the perfect antithesis of a rival with Red Skull on the side of HYDRA who uses his powers for gain and domination.Like "Green Lantern" this thoroughly concentrated on character development, including what it means to have these awesome strengths and how to direct and use them to their maximum potential. Though when it came time to get his hands dirty, the antagonist vs protagonist element seemed somewhat straightforward, glossed over and easy to the unchallenged Captain. The only moment the brain kicks in is when a scene is too vague rather than being too complex. From doing campaign pledges for war bonds and gimmicky shows that include American flag dressed woman dancing to hooting soldiers, Cap gets heckled off stage by real combatants and decides to put his abilities to the test to save his friend Bucky (Sebastian Stan) and fellow soldiers held prisoner. Soon enough with the help of Howard Stark (Dominic Cooper) with his uniform, he has a motley crew of fighters that go out on missions that somehow have a detrimental effect on the war effort, yet it's never fully explained how that's possible. It makes things extremely simple and that part of the story only seems there to do nothing but perpetuate fast flying, combustive action.Red Skull, apart from his intensely commanding appearance and dress, wasn't as outlined and the performance came across at times like a run-of-the-mill, snide villain who ends up being somewhat predictable. Not to mention some of the delivery was scripted to a fault as some lines felt preplanned and a lost cause to the quick pacing. Chris Evans went for sincerity due to toning down his usual showmanship and humor from past films like "Fantastic Four" and instead lets others take on one-liners like the hilarious Tommy Lee Jones who plays the no nonsense, southern Colonel Chester Phillips. Evans performs the role as somewhat naive to the world at large from knowing exactly what he wants and everything else along the way being second, such as dames and his own well-being. Peggy Carter (Hayley Atwell) shows up as the physically attractive agent on the surface but underneath is confident and not to be underestimated. There's a budding love angle but fortunately the picture never slows down to entirely make it a distracting cliché that every blockbuster summer flick "must" have."Captain America: The First Avenger" never lets up from being relentlessly theatrical as a number of scenes are set up with the intention of going for a grand show and timed out unveiling rather than attempting to create a piece of naturalism or history lesson. Despite its exaggeration and garish ways, it indeed works as a mostly simple and entertaining experience with a little food for thought about Cap's little guy background and eventually plenty of action fodder to give it energy. The 3-D wasn't completely maximized to its full potential but it did have its moments of shining, such as a few particular scenes that for the first time actually made me flinch with his iconic shield coming right out of the screen! The film moves steadily along and doesn't feel its two hour time length partly due to frequent location changes. The effort put into the art direction and set pieces while melding CGI positively showed as they were generally constructed down to the finest detail. In terms of fire power in a war movie, this shuffles between guns that shoot bullets and fictitious ones with beams of energy, as well as flame throwers and tanks, and, of course, more fiery explosions than can be counted on fingers and toes in a packed theater. (Also submitted on Cinema Freaks, http://docuniverse.blogspot.com)
평점: 10	리뷰: Easily fulfilled and then exceeded all expectations. Can't wait for Avengers! Who would've thought years ago that ALL Marvel based films would rule the summer?!? Without question, Thor, X-Men First Class and now Captain America were/are the best movies of the summer. Nothing else has come close. If this summer movie season where the Olympics, I'd say Cap took the gold. First Class grabbed the silver and Thor finished fractions out of first with the bronze. Pirates, Hangover 2, Super 8 and Transformers finished out of the money and Green Lantern came up lame and didn't even finish the race. It's been a great summer. Everyone might as well label it correctly a MARVELous summer! I just loved Captain America. I thought it was smart and the impressive cast really delivered! This movie works on so many levels and makes you draw on just about all of your emotions. I don't remember when I enjoyed a movie this much!
평점: 10	리뷰: The summer sure got off on the right foot. Thor was fabulous. Then, X-Men First Class kept the momentum by pumping grand life in to the X-Men franchise. Now, after weathering that Green poopstorm in mid June, we get another exceptional hero film. Director Joe Johnson, the cast, the crew, the FX people and writers should all be proud of this exceptional movie and take a bow. The only remotely negative thing I have to say about this movie is that I want more and I want it now! It's a good thing I don't have to wait long to see them all again in Avengers! So, saying Captain America is the best movie that I've seen this year says a lot. It's amazing to see it with a rockin' crowd in a packed cinema! I know many movies claim to have something for everyone but this one manages to pull it off while remaining interesting and compelling all the way through. There are spectacular action scenes as well as heartfelt, intense moments. There is humor and fun but it's a serious, well made film. Not to sound like a poster ad but I can't imagine anyone at any age not enjoying this movie. (PS- the train scene is as much fun as the train scene in Spider-Man 2!)
평점: 6	리뷰: There is a high level of craftsmanship on display in this film. It's packed with funny lines, expertly juggles a huge supporting cast and has some of the best super-hero fight scenes yet. Captain America: The First Avenger is also shallow, superficial and contrived in all the negative ways one used to mean when using the phrase "comic book" in a derogatory way. So while the technical storytelling is quite good and entertaining, this movie is not just substantively a step or two below Spider-Man 2 or Iron Man. It's heart and soul also doesn't measure up to far less proficient super-hero flicks like Thor or Ghost Rider.Let me be clear. This is a fun movie and worth seeing. It's basic competency puts it far above thoroughly flawed works like Spider-Man 3 or Green Lantern. But it joins Thor as another indication that Marvel super-hero films are evolving toward commercially adept but creatively barren products. They're turning into a new version of the buddy cop genre where filmmakers never attempt to reach the audience in anything more than a trivial fashion. When done well, they can be a perfectly acceptable diversion. When done poorly, they can be a waste of time. Good or bad, however, they barely even attempt to say something thematically, dramatically or emotionally to the viewer.Steve Rogers (Chris Evans) is a scrawny kid from World War II era Brooklyn who desperately wants to join the fight against the Nazis. He's too physically infirm for the military, but gets inducted into a secret program to create an American super-soldier. Steve's puny body is transformed into the ultimate of athletic perfection and eventually finds himself caught up in the struggle to stop renegade Nazi Johann Schmidt (Hugo Weaving) from taking over the whole world, though how and why Schmidt is going to do that is pretty foggy.Captain America: The First Avenger is divided up into three sections which are all well written and well framed but have progressively less and less creative worth as they go along. The first part is about Steve's scientific transformation from puny man to superman and it is as good as any super-hero origin in cinema. It gets more screen time than most origin sequences but it is expertly done and is, by far, the best part of the movie. The second part is all about how Steve ended up in his red, white and blue uniform. It spends more time than any other super-hero flick that I've ever seen or even heard about explaining and justifying the main character's costume, which is just inescapably odd given how well established the conventions of the genre have become.The second part is fairly clever and well performed, but to no effective purpose and some cracks start to show up in the script. For example, the general in charge of the super-soldier program refuses to let Steve fight on the battlefield and then mocks him for becoming a USO performer instead. But the only reason Steve is on the stage instead of the killing grounds of Europe is because the general wouldn't let him fight. That doesn't make any sense and is a little window through which you can see that there's nothing going on underneath the surface of this story.The third and final chapter of Captain America: The First Avenger is a constant stream of action scenes that are well performed but with hardly any plot or direction or personal involvement from either the characters or the audience. It's all pretty to look at but has no meaning or impact beyond that appearance.There are two great examples of what I see as the hollowness of this motion picture. First, a very big deal is made about how Steve Rogers is perfect for the super-soldier program specifically because he's a physically weak but morally strong man. The chief scientist behind Steve's metamorphosis essentially says that making a strong man stronger will only produce a bully and it is only the weak man made strong who understands the value of strength. The film goes to great lengths to establish that it is Steve's compassion that will truly make him into a hero. But then absolutely none of Steve's personal qualities have anything at all to do with the rest of the story. He's nothing more than Generic Action Hero #12587 and there's no reason why anyone else couldn't or wouldn't do the things he does.The second illustration of the emptiness of Captain America: The First Avenger is the character of Johann Schmidt, know in the comics as The Red Skull. For reasons I can't quite fathom, though perhaps it has something to do with the upcoming Avengers movie or an expected sequel to this flick, The Red Skull is almost totally de-Nazified and left without even a trace of identifiable Aryan ideology. He's reduced to having no identity or motivation other than being evil, like the worst sort of cardboard villain from a 1940s movie serial. I've watched this movie and read a bunch of Cap's comics over the years and I have no understanding of what The Red Skull actually wanted to do in this story, why he wanted to do it or how he planned to accomplish it. Does he want to take over the world? Does he want to destroy it? Precisely how will his giant flying wing do either of those? I mean, Doctor Doom from the two crappy Fantastic Four movies has a more defined agenda and personality than this Red Skull.I may be a bit too hard on this film because it is a well above average piece of entertainment. It's simply hard to ignore how it is fundamentally less creatively and narratively interesting than the best super-hero movies of the recent past.
평점: 6	리뷰: While it might not be Marvels best or most daring film, Captain America is none the less a well executed film with some good old fashion fun that is a breath of fresh air after the super hero disaster known as Green Lantern.When they first announced they were planning to make a Captain America film, I personally wasn't every enthusiastic about the idea, especially when i heard that director Joe Johnston would be directing it(A director who's had a very mixed bag of results in terms of films he's directed in the past.)Also the whole concept behind Captain America never struck me as easily adaptable for modern day audiences( the whole "looks good on paper but not on screen" idea came to mind).But as it turned out, like Thor and Iron Man before it, the film took its rather ridiculous concept and made it surprisingly believable.One of the best strengths of the film was actually the setting. making the film a period piece set during WW2 really did help make the idea of a hero who goes around wearing an American flag and a shield more believable, mostly because WW2 was a very patriotic time period in US history( As well as the fact that Captain America made his comic Book debut during that era.) Another strength, which is actually the best part of the film is its cast of Characters. Unlike Green Lantern, Captain Americas cast of characters are all interesting and have a lot of personality and depth to them, and they all fit into the central story line very well. And of course all the actors really carry their parts perfectly. When they first announced that Chris Evans(the guy who played the human torch in The Fantastic Four.) would be playing Captain America I initially had my doubts that he would do the character justice. But as it turns out he really did a nice job and for the most part carried the film(especially in the scenes where he's the weak Steve Rogers.)Hayley Atwell was also surprisingly great as Peggy Carter(and not bad eye candy either.) She and Chris Evens together had great chemistry, and probably have one of the most believable relationships out of all the Marvel films. Tommy Lee Jones as always steels the show every scene he's in. Stanley Tucci also did a great job playing the kind hearted German professor who's so likable that you wish he was in the film more(and he really maintained that German accent well.), and Dominic Cooper really made you believe he was Tony Stark's father. Of course i can forget to mention Hugo Weaving as the villainous Red Skull. While at times he did feel a little under used, and he and Steve rogers were kind of missing that hero villain emotional rivalry, his character was still very interesting to see on screen, and as always Hug Weaving really played him well(and I must say the makeup effects for him were actually very convincing.)bottom line every character is like a piece of a puzzle, and once their all put together they create a great film.Another thing i should mention is the script. One of the biggest strengths in all Marvel films is their scripts. In this film all the dialog works well and never sounds cheesy, but what makes it work is the snappy jokes and dialog that the writers put in. Unlike Transformers 3, the jokes in captain America are funny, quick, don't relay on shock value, and don't feel out of place or bring the film to a screeching halt every time a character says something funny( D.C should really take notes when they start penning their future scripts.) In terms of action and effects, the effects were good and the action was fun, but there wasn't a lot that really wowed me like when i first saw iron man back in 2008. the action never bored me, but then again it never really got my heart pumping, in fact the scene where Steve gets the super solider serum was probably the most intense scene in the film. However, what wowed me the most was the way the effects team managed to flawlessly make Chris Evans look like a scrawny 90 pound weakling. The effect was so good that i almost forgot that it was an effect and not just a stand in actor.In the end Captain America might not be one of the most exciting super hero films out there, and the plot might follow a failure path. But still when i walked out of the theater I didn't feel ripped off by any means. after being forced to endure visually thrilling train wreaks like Green Lantern and Transformers 3, its nice to finally get my daily dose of a good story and great character development. Captain America has something for everyone. It will make the comic book fans happy, but at the same time it makes itself believable and assessable enough for any none comic book fan out there to. And in conclusion i recommend this movie for any person, comic book nerd or not, who's just looking for a fun summer film filled with good characters.P.S (SPOILER ALERT) your really going to want to stick around after the end credits,i assure you that you will not be disappointed this time around
평점: 10	리뷰: The title speak for itself. I gotta be honest because I thought this movie was another overrated films that Hollywood made. I was proved wrong, this movie was excellent. I mean the storyline was perfect and its has stuffs from Marvel. I also liked the war propaganda that you see during the Second World War. Also hope that their would be a sequel to this film instead of leaving a cliffhanger in this film like in the ending. Overall, it was an great movie to watch and I have no regret and it was money well spent. I don't know what left to say about this film except that was excellent, exciting, and action packed. I would rate this film a solid 8.5 /10.
평점: 10	리뷰: I was always into artwork. This passion for artwork led me to read comics and graphic novels and I self-taught myself to sketch. I bought comics more for the artwork than the story, but the stories would help. There were quite a few good artists in the 70s and 80s -- today there are very few -- and they helped to expand my sketches. Along the way I became a fan of Green Lantern, Green Arrow, Iron Man, Captain America, Thor, Batman, Spawn and Conan the Barbarian.In the 70s Richard Donner made the Superman movie. At that time superheroes were largely on cartoons or series (Wonder Woman, Superman, Batman and The Incredible Hulk). Casting Christopher Reeves was brilliant the the first big superhero movie became one of the greatest of all time. Since then many have tried and many have failed. Spiderman opened the door again with it's quality of movie. Iron Man and the Christian Bale Batman movies showed that you can make a great superhero movie. The sad part was that you had The Fantastic Four (below average), Iron Man II (awful), The X-Men (average--all 3), Wolverine (a dog), Daredevil (less than daring), Electra (the worse ever), Michael Keaton's Batman I and II (average), Val Kilmer's Batman (average), George Clooney's Batman (almost killed Batman entirely) and the Superman Returns bomb.Green Lantern and Thor hit the theaters this year in 3D and both were less than spectacular. It was disappointing that two of my favorite superheroes were portrayed so poorly.Now came Captain America. I was hoping it would at least be better than Green Lantern, but I was skeptical with the last couple of superhero movies. I was not a fan of Chris Evans in the role and I felt that may kill the movie. I watched Evans in the bad Fantastic Four and the god-awful The Losers and all he did was play a cocky smart-mouthed punk. This was not what Captain America was to folks.I was so pleasantly surprised. Captain America exceeded my expectations and was on the level with Iron Man I, Superman, and Batman Begins/The Dark Knight. Evans was actually fantastic as Captain America and did justice to the role. From start to finish, there were so many positive moments in the movie that I would highly recommend Captain America to everyone.
평점: 8	리뷰: As far as superheroes go, they don't get much campier than the "Star-Spangled Man." A super soldier dressed in red, white and blue who bashes in Nazi skulls with his all-American shield? Undoubtedly, Captain America served a very specific purpose when he debuted in 1940, but 70 years later, Marvel Studio has found a way to make him relevant again in "Captain America: The First Avenger." With a script that dives into the soul of its character as every good origin story should and packs in adventure of old-school proportions, "Captain America" strikes a strong balance of nostalgic charm and modern action.Anyone that felt director Joe Johnston had to prove himself as the director of a superhero film should and will stand corrected. Like anyone he's had his misfires ("Jurassic Park III"), but with films such as "The Rocketeer," "Jumanji," and "October Sky" under his belt, he knows how to tell a story that pleases its audience above all else. "Captain America" achieves that almost instantly. You can feel the influence of Johnston's early career work doing visual effects for George Lucas in the original "Star Wars" films as well as "Raiders of the Lost Ark." Like those beloved films, "Captain America" quickly establishes a protagonist you can root for and a large scale for action and adventure.Chris Evans finally shakes loose his comic relief type-casting and shows off his leading man potential as Steve Rogers, a scrawny young man (thanks to some excellent special effects) from Brooklyn whose persistent yet futile attempts to enlist in the army catches the eye of a fled German scientist named Dr. Abraham Erskine (Stanley Tucci). Erskine has developed a serum that the military hopes it can use to build an army of "super soldiers" and he insists on finding the perfect specimen to test it on — someone of outstanding character and moral fiber. Rogers has been standing up to bullies who beat the snot out of him all his life, yet has never wavered in courage and determination. After convincing Colonel Phillips (Tommy Lee Jones) Rogers is the one, Erskine and his colleague Howard Stark (Dominic Cooper) administer the serum to Rogers, who's instantly transformed into the ideal physical specimen.Yet despite his new gifts, it's not all uphill for Rogers; in a turn of events, he's now the only super soldier who does or will ever exist, so presumably he's unable to help the fight abroad on his own. A New York senator then convinces him to become a propaganda tool. This diversion is the script's strongest non-action sequence because it sours any chance the film could be seen as all "God Bless America" and whatnot. Although a musical number written by Alan Menken is not usually how most films follow up the "now he's become the superhero!" scene, it strengthens the character long term because he had to carve out his own destiny. By doing just that, he embodies American ideals more than he would have otherwise and also becomes a hero anyone — not just an American — could love.As alluded to, Evans gives a career-best performance, especially miles better than Johnny Storm. Humor takes a back seat in this film compared to "Iron Man" and "Thor" and Evans puts his heart into his performance as Steve Rogers would. Although it's head-scratching how he develops fighting skills so damn quickly (though we should be grateful for the lack of a "training montage"), part of scrawny Steve lives in buff superhero Steve. He might not have the magnetic personality of Chris Hemsworth and Robert Downey Jr., but he's a billion times easier to love.Speaking of love, Hayley Atwell gives one of the better leading lady performances in a superhero film period. Her classic figure and beauty makes her a perfect physical fit for Peggy Carter, but she comes packaged with equal parts fearlessness and charisma, which make her a truly likable character. Individually, she and Evans have such strong characters, so together their relationship, built mostly on a truly mutual admiration, feels meaningful unlike most of Marvel's films thus far.On the other end of the spectrum, Hugo Weaving could not be a better choice for Johann Schmidt, a.k.a. Red Skull. A rogue Nazi with a God complex, Red Skull earns our respect as a nasty dude. The script also develops him more as Johann Schmidt at first, which makes the reveal of Red Skull more effective. His presence makes the big fight sequences work, because he captures our attention as any great villain does. As long as he's around, the fight's never over, so the stakes of the action sequences hold up well throughout the film.The period garb will initially evoke the comparisons to "Indiana Jones," but the story earns these comparisons as well. The various action sequences in or on moving vehicles is highly reminiscent of that franchise, but the focus on the main characters does it too. Sure, there are many peripheral characters that don't feel important and other weaknesses crop up, namely in the build to the action sequences, but that character focus helps give us blinders to the flaws (as any good action film accomplishes) and helps us get lost in the story and the action.Unlike the best superhero films of today, "Captain America" doesn't quite hit on the themes as well as it could, which would have helped it ascend to that upper echelon, but it has heart and character in the literal and more internal sense. Other films that did the same thing? "Star Wars," "Indiana Jones," and to give a recent example, "Avatar." If good storytelling with characters we care about truly counts above all else, then praise should be heaped on this film. It might do it the old-fashioned way, but there's a reason those films still entertain years later.~Steven CVisit my site at http://moviemusereviews.com
평점: 10	리뷰: i went into this movie not really interested, getting to the point of not going....BIG mistake on my part! this movie grabbed me from the beginning and didn't let me go. i found myself mouth open and just hypnotized to the screen. i could relate to Steve rogers and how he wanted to destroy all bullys and teach them a lesson. when he turns into the super soldier his transformation is crazy. he looked so different when he was skinny. the villain red skull blew my mind when he tore off his face that was really a mask. the war parts are amazing and look real and when he gets his final shield, its so natural the way he fights and destroys the bad guys...the ending where he goes right for the ice with the plane, kept me on the edge of my feet! the actual end where he wakes in what looks like a hospital in new york back in the 1940s, but is really a set up to keep him from realizing that he was asleep for 70 years, it made me so happy they used that ending.Definitely go see it even if you thought it wasn't your kind of movie, you will be amazed and happy! 10/10
평점: 6	리뷰: Captain America is one of the noblest of characters. With the most recent flooding of superhero films for what has seemed like a decades worth, what we get this time around from Marvel is nothing short of...pleasurable. Which might seem like faint praise for those who want to analyze the term pleasurable when referring to a superhero of his stature. Like a visit to a great aunt's house. A late night snack while watching an old western. Pleasurable has it's place. And this First Avenger has definitely found his.In fact good ol' Steve Rogers is so gosh darn pleasurable, that he in fact is quite... colorless. Sure the cannon fodder outfit is a solid costume. But when you start holding the mirror up to the Captain is when we start to see cracks. One could be quite confused as to what exactly the scope of his powers are. We aren't really introduced into his capabilities or where he actually stands morally. We are told he is good. What that means and how far that actually gets investigated is of no importance I guess. What I'm suggesting is that while Evans does his best Norman Rockwell painting impersonation, he just doesn't over ride us with charisma. He is just good. Good at looking good, good at fighting and just all around a good guy. There is no depth here. No conflict. The contrast between a man like Tony Stark played by Robert Downey Jr and Chris Evans is night and day. And yes, Captain America is supposed to be banal. But surely the serum can tap into the small part of his brain to crack a joke, a smile or even flirt properly. Joe Johnston has flirted a little more successfully in this genre, with a very toned down Rocketeer and a wonderful character film in October Sky. But action is not where Johnston shines. I felt cramped watching most of the action play out. It felt busy but underwhelming. I almost hoped the action wasn't so generic because as I left the theatre I was more confused to what exactly Captain could and couldn't do with his new found powers. He can run fast, I gathered. But how fast? He can jump, but how high? Where does the limits of his strength run? So far this all probably sounds highly negative. I assure you it's not. It's a solid base hit for the likes of Marvel films who have really let me down more than they have succeeded over the course of their blockbuster onslaught. While the film plays on the kooky levels of an old 1940's serial with large organizations, spies and laser guns, it does so with at least a solid vision as to what tone they were aiming for. Something DC failed with Green Lantern. The supporting cast add much more richness to the characters and storyline, and that helps Evans at least keep his noble nature in check. Captain America's strength is the 1940's back drop and while I can't see a second film centre specifically on Cappy himself, it's a solid move to surround the Marvel boy scout with a more interesting cast in The Avengers. And that's pleasurable enough.
평점: 6	리뷰: this movie was surprisingly excellent. when i saw the trailer i wasn't to impressed. but when i saw the first five minutes of the movie, i changed my mind. this movie is one of marvels best movies and is getting me more excited to see the avengers which comes out may 3 2012. this movie is basically about how Steve rogers became captain America. it takes place in 1942 about going to war against the notsi and Adolph Hitler. but Hitler is not in the film, instead it is a mutated notsi leader named Johann Schmidt. a crazy maniac saying there is power on this earth that is made from the gods, and he is going to follow in the footsteps of the gods. Steve rogers (chris Evans) is a 98 pound weakling trying to prove himself worthy of joining the army. he feels he has no right not to do what the brave men in war have done. which is fight for there country. finally a German scientist, who switched sides to the Americans gives rogers a chance to join the army and show the physicality isn't everything. there is also colonel chester Phillips played by Oscar winner tommy lee Jones. who did excellent in his role. anyway he stars out judging rogers because of his weight. and tells the Dr Abraham Erskine e who recruited rogers to the army that to be a soldier you need guts. so to prove that Phillips throws a grenade to the team while there doing jumping jacks and everyone scatters. everyone but rogers. rogers runs and lays over the grenade. it doesn't go off, and Phillips says to Abraham "he's still skinny". always love watching tommy lee Jones in his movies. especially this one. tommy lee Jones was excellent in this movie. there is also Peggy carter (hayley atwell) who is the love interest in the film. she liked rogers even before he became all muscular. with the help of Howard stark (iron mans father) Abraham makes Steve rogers a super soldier. it was a fun movie to watch and there was a lot of comedy. the funniest scene to me is were rogers, Phillips, and Peggy are in a car after Schmidt and as he's about to jump out of the car Peggy kisses rogers. then rogers looks at Phillips who has a change of heart in rogers and grows to like rogers a lot and as rogers looks at Phillips, Phillips turns to rogers and say "im not kissing you". brilliant and funny scene. i strongly suggest you see this film. its a great lead up to the avengers and gets you even more excited to see the film, especially at the end where nick fury shows up. i think we all know what he wants from captain America/Steve rogers. anyway great film, and any superhero fan will enjoy it.
평점: 6	리뷰: I have to admit that I don't know much about Captain America. But I decided to check out the movie because I love movies that adapt comic book characters, because there is usually a rich background and character development that the director has to work with, which is usually a good formula for making a good film. This movie was enjoyable, I was not bored while watching it but it was not as action packed as I had heard it was. I found that with any movies that introduce a comic book hero, this was filled with more dialogue and background history than the actual daily adventures that makes one a super hero that we love to watch. However, the acting was good in this movie, nothing over the top. I like the choice for Captain America, as I feel Chris Evans carries the charm of the underdog that we all cheer for. The reason why this movie did not get a 8,9 or 10 out of 10 was because I didn't feel the excitement that I usually feel during super hero films. Overall, it is a good movie but it will not be added to my favorites list.
평점: 6	리뷰: I loved Captain America the First Avenger. One of the best origin story movies ever made. The perfect amount of back-story for anyone who isn't familiar with Cap, combined with enough action to keep the movie moving along at a quick pace. The film is a great set up for The Avengers movie coming in May 2012. Comic book fan or not, go see this movie.The art direction in this movie was fantastic. Some steam punk seems to get too dark and stay in immersed shadow. The brights weren't too bright like Spiderman and the darks weren't too dark like Hellboy or Batman. I wasn't overly "comic bookie". This really had a consistent lighting theme throughout.The acting was good. Tommy Lee Jones (as always) stole some scenes. The sound track was solid.The editing was the key to strong continuity and a great movie. No awkward jumps to something that makes no sense. A few scenes made me want to go back and read about WWII era Captain America. I'm more familiar with Silver Age Cap, so I'm very pleased.AS WITH ANY MOVIE, STAY THROUGH THE END OF THE CREDITS! I want to say more, but I pride myself on no spoilers.What a great movie! Can't wait for May!

영화제목: Fifty Shades of Grey
평점: 6	리뷰: For those who may not be aware, Fifty Shades of Grey was once an erotic Twilight fan fiction that was pulled and published, becoming a massive global hit with over 100 million copies sold. As there are many lovers and fans of the book series, there's a great amount of "haters" or harsh critics of the books.After the movie ended I was completely stunned, as in my jaw dropped. The reason- I liked this movie, more than I thought I would, a great deal more. I really thought I would dislike it and find so many faults, much like the book. If you're a fan of the Fifty Shades of Grey book, you will eat up this movie and love it, hungry for more. If you haven't read Fifty Shades of Grey, you will enjoy the movie for what it is and will be anxious to see Fifty Shades Darker, the sequel, which was announced as moving forward. Fifty Shades of Grey was very entertaining, with many moments of humor and a romance that should appeal to both men and women. It's a perfect date movie, including one for Valentine's Day. Those who are looking for more spice in their movies, Fifty Shades of Grey is the movie to see. The love scenes are well choreographed and sexy. When the time comes for the BDSM scenes, they are extremely well done and very erotic.Every cheesy WTF moment found in the book with the silly, ridiculous sayings and fan fiction element was erased. The filmmakers made the right decision by taking out the eye rolling trademark phrases and like the "oh my's" and "inner goddess" Anastasia Steele, the heroine loves to spew. Christian Grey, her hero's trademark line, "later's baby" is there, but the delivery of how it was spoken is cute and sweet. Christian's twitchy palms is also in there, and again delivered in a great way. The love scenes and scenes of sexual bondage, torture and foreplay are tasteful and somewhat artistic in tone. The manic, abusive elements Christian portrays in the book are gone. His possessive is toned down enough in the movie that it's believable. His reason he doesn't do romance and needs to be a Dominant, and Ana his submissive isn't far-fetched when it's revealed and explained.The credit for making Fifty Shades of Grey movie a success are because of four people. Screenwriter, Kelly Marcel, and director, Sam Taylor Johnson deserve major kudos for their work. These two brought Fifty Shades of Grey to life in a way I would have never expected and admired. These two are just important as the actors on screen. The focus is on Ana and Christian, the main couple. All the other characters come and go and rarely have much screen time. Kate Kavanagh, Ana's best friend and roommate played by Eloise Mumford made the most with her role. She ate up the screen anytime she appeared. If given more screen time, she would have been a force of nature.There have been many opinions about the casting of Ana and Christian. From the press tour and random scenes shown from the movie of Dakota Johnson and Jamie Dornan, it looks like they're all wrong for the roles. Awkward and bad chemistry comes to mind. I'm a happy to say that Dakota and Jamie's chemistry is alive and well in the movie. Jamie Dornan is the one everyone has concentrated on. He plays the role of Christian more than adequately, but there's still a stiffness and remoteness to his portrayal. I'm not sure if this was intentional, but even though I wasn't as enthralled with him as I should, I will say that when it came to the love scenes and BDSM centric action, he made me believe he was a true Dominant. His delivery, whether it was seducing Ana or blindfolding and tying her up and flogging her was, panty dropping, I need to take a cold shower ASAP. This man let loose and wild, no holds barred sexual takeover in the sex scenes.The one person who deserves more praise than anyone else is Dakota Johnson. Jamie plays second fiddle to her. I had some concerns with her in the beginning. The first twenty minutes are the most problematic. It sets up the story and the introduction of Ana, the college English literature senior, about to graduate, and Christian, the twenty-seven elusive billionaire. Dakota was channeling Kristen Stewart ala Bella Swan from Twilight in the first fifteen minutes, complete with being clumsy and falling to the floor in Christian's office, to the non-stop lip biting. But the lip-biting is a running joke, throughout the movie, but one that fits. The moment I become invested in this movie, and knew it was a winner was the scene where Dakota as Ana gets drunk and drunks dials Christian. That five minute scene shows Dakota's comedic skills, which is throughout the movie. She starts out as this almost fragile, plain and basic young woman, who transforms into a more self-assured saucy, tells it like she means it woman. I would go as far to say she steals some of the scenes away from Jamie. Dakota as Ana keeps her girl next door package, but also brings out her temptress. Simply put, Dakota owns the Ana role and runs with it.Fifty Shades of Grey is a Rom-Com with dark undertones. The first half appears to be a romantic comedy and then slowly becomes more intense and serious. The humor isn't out of place, and when we get to that point where Christian shows Ana his red room of pain, as she calls it, you're invested completely, wanting to stay with Ana and Christian, even during their most private intimate moments, no matter how dark they may seem.
평점: 10	리뷰: I absolutely adored the movie especially Dakota's acting as Ana. She portrayed the character very well and gave Anastasia a strong role. Even though she was the submissive, she was actually the one with all the power. Jamie Dornan's acting was also SUPERB. Loved every part of it and can't wait for the next two parts. Although I believe the book was not written very well, I believe the movie is simply amazing. I would recommend everyone to watch it and please don't judge the movie until you've seen it. It's actually very differently portrayed from the book. As I mentioned earlier, while the book portrayed Ana as weak and submissive, the movie shows her stronger and more bolder. P.S. I'm going to watch it again and again and AGAIN till I have memorized each and every word. ;)
평점: 10	리뷰: Was exactly like the book. It's a need-to-see movie! Every aspect was unique in its own way. The chemistry between Dakota and Jamie was completely surreal. There is nothing like it. For everyone putting doubts and hateful comments to the movie, it's just a movie. It's a love story between two characters that show love in a different way than others. Sam Taylor Johnson did a phenomenal job directing and portraying each scene with such magnificence. I give it a 10 over all! Go see the movie in theaters February 13, 2015! You will not regret it! Oh and another thing is that the protection and care Jamie and Dakota have for one another one set and off set was just amazing. There is nothing like it! I'm excited for 50 Shades Darker! It was my favorite book out of the trilogy, I am sure they will do as good a job with the second as they did with this one!
평점: 10	리뷰: This story has changed my life in so many ways, it has helped me to improve my relationship with my husband, more confidence, more communication and do more uninterested things just for love, I recommend it 100%. Do not listen haters, just bitter and lonely people I am exited and cannot wait for this Thursday for the release of the movie in my country, I know it will be such a great success and I will love it. As an extra fact, this novel has sparked my interest in reading, I did not used to like this amazing habit, I am simply amazed and exited by this love story, which I know if you give it a chance and finish to read the complete trilogy and understand the real purpose of this, you will love it as well
평점: 1	리뷰: Another sad movie with a generic plot with the Mary Sue / Gary Sue relationship. A relationship so horrid that it reaches a limit when rape is involved. This book turned movie is a mere reminder that 'Hollywood' will create anything without investigating the rather obvious 'unusual behavior' -- which, lets be honest here, isn't unusual until you put a married man and a girl who cannot bite her lip for the life of her in the same room. It is more than evident there is no chemistry on set, and off set. Jamie, you could have done so much better. Dakota, no, just no. Thank you, EL for your horrible outlook on BDSM and your plagiarized mistake of a 'book'. You truly have given writers everywhere a reason to wish they'd never written, and a reason as to why actors never wish to take part in anything that relates to this horrible mess of a movie.
평점: 4	리뷰: 50 Shades of Grey has now reached classic status among women who marvel over this book and while I don't quite get why, I respect the hell out of EL James and applaud her for her ability to make something so daring and racy. However, now that it has now jumped from the page to the screen it has something to it that keeps you watching but ultimately leaves you befuddled about what it is truly about. Objectification, vanity, feminism, masochistic sexual urges, these are all themes this film plays with but just can't seem to pinpoint an exact one it wants to stick with. The screenplay for this is a muddled piece of writing that lazily skates through its near two hour runtime with looks from Grey to Ana and no real dialog that is clever or even remotely interesting. The performances in this film are what keeps you watching. Jamie Dorman and Dakota Johnson are electrifying as Christian Grey and Ana, the two of them definitely took their jobs seriously here both physically and mentally and it absolutely pays off as much as it can considering the script they were working with. There's not a false note with their portrayals here but it does seem hard to judge when so much of the film relies on glares and one word answers. While Kelly Marcel tries to make the fans happy, it ends up hurting the film's chances of actually being good because there's just so much to say here regarding the characters and she ends up not saying anything, leaving us craving more of a connection with the characters that just simply wasn't done very well. One thing that is focused on more so than anything else are the sex scenes. They're intense, realistic and very personal and they remain the highlight of the film considering we learn the most about the characters when they're having an orgasm. There's only so much you can put into a movie especially if the source material is as sordid as this but Sam Taylor-Johnson doesn't disappoint when showing you the savage sexual nature of the infamous Christian Grey. These sex scenes push the boundaries of its R rating and fans of the book should be happy to hear that they can finally visualize some of the titillating details James seems to love to describe in her book. Despite the sex scenes being very well done and carefully filmed, the rest of the scenes feel lacking. Dorman and Johnson are screaming for a better script, its a real shame that Sam Taylor-Johnson and Kelly Marcel are seemingly asleep behind the wheel. Overall, 50 Shades of Grey is very well done in its look and feel but beneath the surface of it all, there isn't much going on outside its sex scenes.
평점: 10	리뷰: I know that many are afraid that this film shows too much too its audience, but remember, it is only rated R. If the producers wanted to, they could have added everything from the book, and it would have definitely have been NC-17. I can only hope that the director's cut is released on blu-ray. I am also quite sure that the film has a low rating on IMDb due to its supposed "filthy nature." However, I assure you that this film is no worse than shows on HBO, like True Blood, or Dexter.For those of you who refuse to give the film a chance, shame on you, never judge a book by its cover, or the film its made into. It is definitely no worse in context than the Twilight Saga! It is nice to see Melanie Griffith's daughter Dakota in such a provocative role, shows shes really out to make a star of herself. She is completely captivating as Ana Steele. Dornan as Grey, however, I was not enthused with, as I think they could've made a better choice there.The love scenes are very tastefully done, nothing like pornographic like many are saying. Again, I enjoyed Dakota Johnson's nude scenes, she's very good looking.
평점: 1	리뷰: What is going to be next? a movie about pedophilia, that make such practice cool, I feel that what now is in fashion is to make any book series into a movie, does not matter how good the book is, Harry Potter, Divergent, etc. I remember a lot of movies that depicted this kind of sexual practice, comedies an horror movies. What really worries me is that there is going to be a 2nd, and a 3d movie about this trash,are we a society that only cares about having sex and getting high?,this kind of movies make me think about converting to Islam. Not all book series should be transformed into a movie, or at least not a commercial ones, make no sense. (SPOILER ALERT!!!!)This movie is plain stupid.
평점: 1	리뷰: Sorry but I can't get over Jamie Doran.. I mean he comes from playing a serial killer in the Fall (who tied up women and murdered them) to .. Well. 20 mins of sex. The movie is boring and predictable. The fine line between abuse and pleasure is so thin it's almost non- existent. Lacks any of the raunch or controversy promised, and is instead tiresome, banal and as thinly plotted as a porn. I haven't read the book.. and I have to say I didn't finish the movie. I don't think i missed much by leaving 20 mins early, but it was just boring. If a man had written the book he would probably have been jailed. Its beyond understanding what people see in the book/movie. Unless all the women I know are telling me lies and secretly want to be tied up and abused by a perverted man.
평점: 1	리뷰: I don't want to spoil a lot, so ill just give ratings with a brief description on certain elements of this so-called "film".Acting; 3/10. The acting was misplaced, awkward.. not to look at. At least convince us you're an intense guy, Mr. Grey. Plot: 1/10. that wasn't a plot for a normal movie, it was a plot for soft-core porn.. which had as terrible acting in it as real porn. Camera work/scenery/etc. 7/10 for what it is.. great camera work i guess and good sceneryRomance; 2/10. I've seen the notebook... that's romance. This is a poor attempt to romance. It tries to tell you they're madly in love, but it's just a weird sexual relationship.Drama: 1/10. there is no thrill.. no intense things going on. There is no drama in this soft-core-erotic-drama. "The deeds" 10/10.. they did it. so.. can't give it any lower points than this. Overall, it's was horrible acted, plot-less, non-romantic nor drama movie about a girl being horny and the guy doing an attempt of BDSM, which comes down to.. soft-core.. almost nothing different than normal sex with bondage.. boring sh*t. on that note, go watch the kings man; secret service. that's one of the best action movies i've seen in a while!
평점: 1	리뷰: Who can watch it? Normal, intelligent grown up person won't go to watch it.Tried to read books and understand all the craziness about. Figured out poor language, lack of style and narration. Can movie be better? Without doubts - NO. I'm seriously shocked how anybody is able even to like such book or movie.While reading didin't find any unlogic sexual scenes. And i found it non shocking at all.Author in one of her interviews had admit she watched pornography - it was inspiration for a book...
평점: 1	리뷰: Back in 2011, after media cogently pressed me, I read Fifty Shades of Grey. Despite its extremely poor prose, I enjoyed the novel. When I finished it, I tried to not be judgmental about it. But now after watching the movie, I have to be. For lay-men and erotica-loving audience, this movie is their "Lord of the Rings" and "The Clockwork Orange". For ticket-not-available-for-any-other-movie unfortunate stakeholders, this might work as well. But for critics, dilettantes, and intellectual people, it's mostly a piece of beep-beep. Not just that, even the cast was pathetic. Although Dakota Johnson fills the countenance of my imagery of Anastasia Steele, she didn't do justice to her role. She was overly dramatic, artificial, and didn't fully understand her character's prerequisites. She's pretty and all, and perfectly looks like "Anastasia" but doesn't feel like her, except when the main couple is frolicking, but that's not acting, only sensual mingling, is it not? Throughout the movie, she tries to appear foxy and overly-sensual through her dialogues and expressions, but miserably fails. It all seemed made-up; the kind you come across with when you're watching a college-level theater play. When I hadn't seen the movie, only the trailer, I actually thought Dakota would make the best Ana, but to my bad, she was utterly disappointing. Nonetheless, she was bearable, and somewhat likable, as paradoxical as it sounds. And Jamie Dornan, or the pathetic-Christian-Grey as you'd all know him by—I literally laughed seeing him (hiding the urge to scream or express my depression). The guy is not slightly the kind anyone predicted. He doesn't look like a magnate; he looks like a third-class, high-school, and hey-my-name-is-Swag guy. There's billionaire neither on his face nor in his gait, although I'd have to appreciate his vocal chords, but they hardly complement the other drawbacks. Halfway into the movie, he starts gaining momentum and stability in his character. By then, it's too late. The impression has already been delivered. I had two choices in mind when I heard that a movie was being made of the book—Stephen Amell and Matthew Goode. I'm happy that people actually considered these two choices. Stephen, especially, was immensely appropriate. Nobody could do it better than Stephen. His incandescence evidenced in Arrow, where he shows all signs auspicious for Christian Grey. Matthew Goode. He would have been a great choice too, given his gait, his voice, and sophistication, as per his performances up to date. But no, they were stubborn on showing their lack of professionalism throughout. I don't know where the senses and credibility of casting supervisors went that they became so lame during the casting process. I might not have been disappointed had the cast been suitable. The couple devastated the movie in a manner reminiscent of Kristen Stewart devastating "Twilight" and "Snow White and the Huntsman", you see what I'm saying? Now comes the director. In modern film-making, direction is no longer a separate department with separate responsibilities. Director is practically in charge of everything going on with the movie. Sam-Taylor Johnson, just like her husband, is pretty mundane, and banal, the only difference being the different departments both handle. She's nothing extraordinary. I mean it's not evasive; she doesn't have that in her. Such directors can only finish the project, not gloom it. They stick with the hard-lined facts, and produce in millimeters, never thinking about the immaterial perspective of film-making. But then, how good can you direct a movie that sucks so badly at content?This might be the first time I'm criticizing Universal, which for this movie, wouldn't agree on a NC-17 rating because that would lead to a loss of potential audience. Seriously? Fifty-Shades-of-Grey-fans would have loved it. Even R is explicit enough for parents to stop their children from coming to cinemas. What difference would NC-17 have made? Let me answer this "rhetorical" question: it would have allowed the movie to elevate the otherwise below-ordinary script. Screenplay writer Kelly Marcel didn't really have any other option than to use explicitness of the novel in the movie, but everybody rejected it. If they had stuck to the originality of the novel (which by the way sucked too), they'd have been able to pull out something that both entertains mass audience, and gets appreciated, if only a little, by true aesthetes. I would still say that I enjoyed my time watching it. The erotica sure was catchy, and don't be judgmental, everybody gets a turn-on on something that explicit. Also, there's always something sentimental and lovable about romantic movies. The ethereal sexuality was highly complemented by the score and songs. Beyoncé, in particular, nailed it. In fact, the main reason why the movie is ruling the media nowadays is her exquisite performance. The last trailer, for example, exhibiting Haunted, enjoyed a massive fan following, later providing an esteemed platform for the movie itself.In my opinion, screenplay writers should have had the audacity to change the theme, mold it to perfection, make it more sound and logical, and not make something that only shows a guy proving mainstream feminists true. The audience, at least the post-modernist one, does not follow a strict line. It's only looking for the line of best fit. Plus, it wasn't the adaptation of a sci-fi novel that there might have been a chance of all logic and equations gone awry.Fifty Shades of Grey made James's life a heaven; maybe she was good at luck. The book didn't deserve an applause, really. The movie? Well I'd give it something, considering the effort it takes to make a movie with this much and this kind of sex without turning it into porn.Five Shades to Grey; I think that'll suffice.
평점: 7	리뷰: It has sold over 100 million books in over 52 languages worldwide. It has become the UK's fastest ever selling book. It is the most talked about literature subject of many years. Heard of it? Yes! It is Fifty Shades of Grey!Given this success, it was almost guaranteed to be adapted into a film at some point. So Hollywood obliged and churned out a film quickly for fans. Presented with a world-premiere at this years Berlinale film festival, we have just seen. So ... what is the film like?For those unaware of the book's narrative, it follows the story of Anastasia Steele (Dakota Johnson), a college graduate who takes her friend's place at an interview with a young, billionaire tycoon - Christian Grey (Jamie Dornan). But, what Anastasia soon finds, is that Grey is not all he seems, as she is invited to join him in sexual encounters.Brought back to the basics, it is essentially a story of a prince meeting a princess - just that the prince has several strange passions. 'I don't do romance, my tastes are singular' he says ... which is an merely an innuendo for over-the-top sexual endeavours, which include - but not limited to; bondage, whipping, ropes, dominance and submission.Obviously this is the talking point of the adaptation given its nature. So, how has this been translated from the book to the screen? Mainly it is slow-motion effects, close-ups and aerial shots with heavy breathing. Not to say that this is restricted from the novel's original ideas, as there are many nude shots in its twenty- odd minute sexual scenes (in the total running time of two-hours).The two leads of the film, Anastasia Steele and Christian Grey are also noteworthy of some mention. When first announced, names such as; Clooney, Gosling and Pattinson came to mind for the role of Grey, with Johansson and Lawrence up for the role of Ana'. Ultimately the roles went to Dakota and Jamie Dornan ...Visually they both look the part. Dornan as Grey; the Bruce Wayne- like billionaire, who lives within the finest luxuries (yet a dark twist). And Anastasia, as the awkward college grad who seems out of her league. It starts shallow with some awkwardness, conferences and business formalities. But soon transforms into bulk sex scenes with some small intercepts between.Helicopter rides, skyline view hotels, and kinky sex-rooms (playrooms) are all the range, as the film pushes erotic boundaries like no other. Where most dramatic romances have about one bedroom sex scene, this, by comparison has at least eight. Likewise in the comparison, Fifty Shades' is more explicit than them too.Visually, director Sam Taylor-Johnson has shot it with style. In terms of sound it also compensates from Danny Elfman's backing, plus tunes from Beyonce, Ellie Golding and many others providing lyrical pleasure.Raising questions such as why is the sex-weirdness so important, and what are the Fifty different Shades of Grey? Much is left on edge and - as fans of the novel will know, it ends of a cliff-hanger. Which, conveniently gets you to read the following two books (which have just been announced as upcoming films too).The big question, should you see it? Yes, other than divulging fans of the book, it does actually contains some potential of intriguing story too - other than the erotica, come pornography headlines.Read more at: http://www.gonewiththemovies.com/reviews/fifty-shades- of-grey-review.php
평점: 7	리뷰: After viewing the negative comments here I was pretty sure I'm going to watch an other movie which I'm not going to like. So went with low expectations. And to be honest I did like it. I think it was interesting, entertaining. It was not the typical romance movie which I don't like anyways. It was something else, something new, fresh. I did not read the book, and consciously did not do any research or reading about it, other than comments here. My wife though she read the book, she had a story in her mind, also the imagination of the characters, especially the female. Even like how the hair would look like in certain scenes. And she did like it as well. According to her it was as she imagined. So advice would be go with an open mind with low expectations and see what happens, you might just gonna like it.
평점: 4	리뷰: One of today's most popular YA novels, FIFTY SHADES of GREY assumes new life on the big screen with a promise of dark, savage and erotic romance.The film's backbone traces the sizzling sexual correspondence between young journalism major, Anastasia Steele, and the handsome billionaire, Christian Grey. Their relationship bears perfect resemblance to that of a master and his slave, only that it runs almost entirely through seemingly endless sexual encounters. Other than that, good looking actors, and the utmost loyalty it obviously paid to the book, there is nothing much to expect in this movie.While it offers a jaw-dropping and explosive sexual panorama, the movie's exceedingly horrible and almost empty script ruins everything.You wouldn't blame the actors, really, for they seem perfectly fit for their roles, in fact, you would praise them considering how still well they carry out their characters amid of the disgustingly thin, resource material they work with. Aside from the biting stares and one word exchanges between the leads, it would be head-achingly difficult to squeeze out any meaningful conversations between the two, that it would be as perfectly fine watching the movie in mute. The film's screenwriters obviously intends to be 100% loyal to the book, and make the fans happy, and they're probably successful, but at the expense of pushing the movie's overall quality past being mediocre.On the cover, FIFTY SHADES is blazing, titillating and bold, a cinematic behemoth on the scale of seductive and erotic art, but on the inside, this film hauls almost nothing that could be of any sense or substance. This movie might have satisfied millions with all the excessive amount of skins and waist-down actions it presented, but not me. Lol. I give this film 4/10 stars.
평점: 10	리뷰: I'm assuming a lot of you rating this title have not even read the book so yes going to see the movie BASED off a book without even reading the book was probably not the smartest idea you had. Without reading the book you have no idea what to expect, you think it is a love story but no it is about a tormented man with deeper issues than having to control everything. For those saying Jamie's performance was bland: he doesn't really have a personality in the book at all. He's very serious, and hardly jokes around so his performance based on what others are saying sounds spot on. With the sex scenes being watered down.. What do you expect? To even get this to the theaters and not sent to the porn industry it has to be watered down. To those saying the pair has no chemistry: they hardly have chemistry throughout the novel as well for Ana is still having a hard time accepting the fact the man she loves only wants her for one thing. I have not seen the movie yet but I loved the novels and any book to screen adaption I have seen that is more than 120 mins long ends up being almost identical to the book because it shows they took their time with production and wanted to make it as detailed as possible. I am simply rating this a 10/10 out of protest for all of those judgemental people out there trying to discourage the fans.
평점: 10	리뷰: Fifty shades of grey, was actually a good movie. i don't know why people say the opposite, but i really enjoyed watching it.To be clear, i haven't read the book,so i can not compare the book to the movie, i do not know if there were scenes that were not shown in the movie or if there was deterioration of the characters of the book,etc etc.Its a romantic story, of a girl who falls in love with grey, but he is dealing with his own demons (he is fifty shades of f*cked up), as he calls himself, unable to love unable to be touched, he only wants to rule,be the dominate male, and has this playgrounf to feed his appetite. Anna, falls inlove with him, she tries her best to understand him, tries to please him by doing all that he wants, but in the end she cannot handle it anymore and leaves. Gray does not want her to leave, he has feelings for her, he does not want to accept the fact that anna is changing him.As i said, it is an interesting movie, with a nice plot and romance, the erotica scenes, were not disturbing to me, there where well played so as not to make it look like a porn movie.
평점: 10	리뷰: So I got the privilege of going to the fan screening last week, and I was nervous, because I feared that with the TV Spots that meant the movie might not be great but you know what it was! I was excited because Dakota & Jamie have modeling background, so they are comfortable with working their bodies in front of the camera. The music with the scenes were pieced in together beautifully. I like that Dakota brought forth her natural sass, charisma and humour and Jamie has this ability to be cold one moment, and look adorably cute the next. The fact that Sam is a photographer was also something I was excited about because the shots of the city,and the shots of the different angles of certain scenes with Jamie & Dakota in the red room, his bedroom or her room, as well as the view of the city was so wonderfully pieced together so I look forward to seeing the next two adaptations if all three are a part of it. People might dislike this film because its not exactly like the book, but people have to remember its an ADAPTATION, or perhaps because they think they had a different vision of what the characters looked like, but this is Sam Taylor Johnson's vision of the characters, and she saw qualities or ways that these actors portrayed these characters that she knew were perfect for HER vision, or maybe it's because of what you feel about what their love story entails, but you know, just because you don't like it, don't push your thoughts and hate on other people, respect what others like and dislike. Watch it if you're a fan of Dakota, Jamie or Sam, or if you're a fan of the books, or if you're curious to see what it's about, but just have an open mind ;)
평점: 7	리뷰: It is good, there isn't one extra scene or out of place. The only thing that comes to mind is underused sex scenes and a particular scene which takes place in the garden. The focus is on the leads and this leaves other characters looking like extras but that's fine by me. The script is so much better than the book, all the lines are perfect. While reading the books, Anastasia would usually get on my nerves, but it's entirely different story watching this character on screen. She is already in this first installment of the trilogy a confident, strong person, unlike in the books, where we get to see that transformation in the third book. Chemistry between Jamie Dornan and Dakota Johnson is there, that's for sure, perhaps not an animal kind of attraction, but it's palpable. Both actors have done an amazing job in this movie, so well, that I truly became interested into finding out whether there could be future for them or not, even though I knew how it all unfolds because I had read the books. I also liked the ending and am curious to see the sequel. I would recommend this even to those who haven't read the books.
평점: 1	리뷰: Dakota Johnson and Jamie Dornan had zero sex appeal, for me anyway. I hoped I was going to see something a bit more provocative than predictable. However, what unfolded on the screen was a story without enough substance. So I grabbed the first hard cover volume from my aunt's large collection of "literature." She warned me not to expect much and she was right. I somehow got through 150 pages of poorly written boredom and gave up. I'm glad I saw the film for free. On the positive side, I can report that the Music is by one of my favorite film composers, Danny Elfman. Plus, the soundtrack includes music from the likes of Beyonce, Ellie Golding and many others which helps but does not rescue the largely silly visual acrobatics. Maybe my opinion would be different were I a repressed housewife or middle aged spinster. But that is as stupid a remark as the movie itself, given I am a man.
평점: 1	리뷰: This movie is atrocious beyond words, and the first movie from which I've ever walked out (an hour and 17 minutes into it). The session was full of giggling middle-aged women, wetting themselves with anticipation - I cannot believe this book and movie has appeal. Are women really so bored, so desperate, that this is what gets them off?? The acting was appalling - I guess that's the end of Ms Johnson & Mr Dornan's careers. And I wouldn't be surprised if the actors who refused the role of Christian Grey are secretly relieved they had the sense to reject it! The script was laughable. No chemistry between the two leads. As for the 'eroticism'.....it was completely lacking. Stilted, awkward, poor cinematography, cheesy scripting. Just terrible. Do not waste your time or money with this.
평점: 6	리뷰: As a movie that has been hyped in all different ways - BDSM encouraging, feminist offender, female-freedom inspiring - we can say it surpasses all expectations. And that's not much.Inspired by the novel by E. L. James (which has been called sophomoric and amateur), the page-to-screen transition has been done successfully. Even if you can feel the exact lines taken from the book sounding cheesy among the speech adaptations, all the worst lines are gone, but you can find lots of Christian's I-can-play-the- piano moments.The movie goes fast-then-slow, paced strangely between little gags and seriously-taken moments. It never stops, though.Dakota Johnson steals the movie for most of the time. Her performance is so builded-up as the movie goes that you can actually feel the journey she's going through. Jamie Dornan, as unfittable as he might have looked in the previews, "is" Mr. Grey. His shadowy behavior and self-trust is perfect.Luke Grimes, Rita Ora, Eloise Mumford, all fitting their roles. José, though, seems too forced. Supporting roles are reduced to a minimum, making the whole movie feel like an intimate observation of their relationship.Sam Taylor-Wood seems to have done her best with the source material (even with the original author limitations on her work). It's a rare situation when the film surpasses the book by miles. She knows almost exactly when to play funny and when to go hard. Cinematography is top-notch, even if the aerial shots look reminiscent of Twilight. It's a beautiful movie that tries to go deep, steps back and then ends abruptly just when you wanted more.
평점: 5	리뷰: Anyone who read this book can tell you there is better smut and better writing out there. The movie is right there on par with it. There are better sexually based movies with better acting but, I didn't go into this thinking it would be the movie of the year. I'm not understanding a lot of the hate from other reviews. This was never going to be an Oscar worthy film. The book was not a literary gem. I was actually surprised to see that they seemed to give Ana a bit more of a spine which, helped the movie to not just feature her crying from start to finish and, added a little humor at times. They were also able to incorporate lots of little details for the readers that will pick up on the conversations or inner dialog that happened in the book but, just show up as details in the film. Overall, as rumored the film lacks some chemistry but not so much that it is painful. The cheesy dialog was there at times but, it was straight from the cheesy book so no surprises there. If you want to see how they interpreted it on screen I say it's worth it, as long as your expectations are in line with the book this was adapted from.
평점: 10	리뷰: Just watched the film and despite all reviews and commentary on how watching it perpetuates abuse and rape I have to disagree. One I read the books when they first came out and back then I didn't see Ana & Christians relationship as abuse and I still don't think that now. The movie is good I quite enjoyed it I understand that others may not feel the same way but director Sam Taylor Johnson did a wonderful job bringing the story to life as did Dakota Johnson and Jamie Dornan. Dakota's portrayal of Ana brought substance and sass and Jamie did a great job as Christian. I don't agree with the amount of crap being said about the film to me it is a love story as most fans of the book would agree on that being said there were a few things from the book I wish they would've included but overall I was happy with the end result and am looking forward to the other two films to be made especially since Fifty Shades Darker was always my favourite in the trilogy. So if your a fan of EL James work watch the film make your own opinions on it and if you're not then don't see it keep your comments to yourself. So ill rate it a 8/10 overall and the soundtrack is amazing.
평점: 7	리뷰: Fifty Shades of Grey is directed by Sam Taylor-Johnson, with the screenplay by Kelly Marcel, based on the novel by E.L. James. I haven't read the book, so I have nothing to compare it to. I've seen the book reviews and read the hype and it made me curious. So after seeing the film, I've come on here to find a very low rating and I'm quite surprised. It is definitely better than what many are saying.The film is beautiful to look at. The directing, cinematography, and production design is stylish and polished. I think Sam Taylor-Johnson does an amazing job. Dakota Johnson is wonderful as Anastasia Steele. She is innocent yet sexy, playful but strong. Jamie Dornan is fantastic as the handsome, tormented businessman, Christian Grey. He is serious and intense, and is everything I'd imagined Christian to be. Both actors, besides being ridiculously good looking, do a fine job and play off each other well. They are definite stars of the future.The love story part is realistic and romantic. Anastasia being in love for the first time, is swept off her feet by Christian but also feels emotional and confused about her feelings for him. The sex scenes are tastefully done, but I was actually expecting more explicit scenes from the way some people went on about them.It's disappointing and unfortunate that it's getting such bad reviews, because there's many more films out there that are much worse than this. It's got a little bit of everything. Drama, romance, sex, humour, and a killer soundtrack. What more do you want? And as others have said, go see it with an open mind. It's not an award winning film, and the story itself is pretty clichéd, but overall I really liked it.
평점: 9	리뷰: The first moment when I saw the ranking on IMDb I thought... What the hell? I really don't understand why this movie has received a 3,3. Because I've seen it last night and I have to say; chapeau to Sam Taylor-Johnson and especially to Dakota Johnson & Jamie Dornan. <3 It was a movie that really fulfill all the expectations and hopes. Yes, there are a lot of nude-scenes in it, but isn't that what the book is about? Maybe they could've done more nude-scenes/sex-scenes, but then it wouldn't be just a movie, but a porn-movie. So I totally disagree with the comment of people above me, for I really can't wait for Fifty Shades Darker to appear in the cinemas. Thank you Sam, Dakota & Jamie for a wonderful, amazing, hot, sexy night.
평점: 6	리뷰: The book wasn't that good, but it was nice material to read on the beach. But it is more a romantic love story with a lot of playful scenes, where slowly he opens up and you will learn more about his past.. the other books has less sex scenes than the first book.. and focuses mainly on their difficult relationship, his past, and some dark figures which makes it more a thriller than a kinky story. And the 2nd en 3rd are even worse than the first book haha, but in the end I wanted to know how it ended, so I think the writer did well after all ;-)But... the book was never supposed to be a pornographic book or movie.. it just tickles your imagination... And it was meant for a broad public... So how can you expect the movie to more exciting or kinky than the book as a few reviews mentioned on the internet... I think the movie was as good (or bad) as the book.. Dakota Johnson plays Anastacia well.. there is some joyful playfulness in her role, where in the end she's more in control... I liked watching her. And Mr. Grey.. well... Jamie Dornan, wasn't so convincing in his role as very young CEO... But as a strong lover he does fine I guess for a lot of women ;-)The movie actually follows the book quite perfectly.. So I'll give it a 6 out of 10... It wasn't disappointing as I didn't expect so much, it wasn't overwhelming either.
평점: 4	리뷰: There was absolutely no chemistry between the main actors. The sex is about as sensual as a log of wood thrown on the road. The sets and art direction are excellent and create the perfect ambiance. The music is all right in terms of theme and pacing. She was irritating and there were way too many close-ups of her. Neither her features nor her mannerism could hold it. He was every bit of gorgeous, but with a rather wooden performance; no pun intended, because he's as sensual as last year's sock. Will I be watching Part II ? NAY. Will I be reading any of the books ? NAY.
평점: 1	리뷰: I viewed this film and my immediate thought was, "How come this movie has no storyline?" This was a film comparable to a nickelodeon cartoon series, or quite possibly worse. If I could rate any lower, it would be a -3 out of 10. All this movie is doing is exploiting the emotions of women across the globe, and ts ripping things that started on tumblr, this just makes the cinema that much worse. I saw a movie by Disney and i vomited during the first five minutes of it, and that was better than this film. >Go on a date with girl >Take her to nice restaurant >She orders a shrimp cocktail and several drinks >Ask for the check >The waiter places the check in front of me, not in front of her, not in the middle of the table >Look of horror comes across the girl's face >I reach for the check and place my credit card inside >She begins to tremble >Tears well up in her eyes >I can tell she is paralyzed by fear at the oppression she is experiencing >I chauvinistically place the check with the my credit card on the table in front of me, daring her to do something about it >The power of my oppression of this woman surges through my body as I lean back in my seat and stare directly at her >She is shaking with fright, the oppression strangling her voice away >The waiter returns to take the check away >All is lost to her now >Men at other tables begin to stand up and clap >Women all over the restaurant begin to shriek and cry >I feel my erect penis lift the tablecloth in front of me >I ask my date, "Did you enjoy your dinner?" >"Y-yes... thank you", she says behind a mask of tears >I lean forward, a devious, patriarchical smile spreading across my face >And I tell her, "It was my privilege."
평점: 1	리뷰: I was in the mood for a great film about a young girl who meets a successful and seductive businessman with sexy results. This was not the case. This film was purely awful. No one can blame me for not being in the right frame of mind for the cinema, as some reviewers are. They see a film and end up having a bad night and they put the entire blame on the film, this is not the case for me. I was in a positive frame of mind, and really in the mood to see what I thought would be a somewhat good if not better than mediocre film.This film is about two people who have no chemistry "falling" for each other. "Falling" like off a three story balcony leaving you without the use of your legs for the rest of your life. I'm just going to be blunt. This film is about GLORIFYING DOMESTIC VIOLENCE and a little girl in over her head who tolerates it. The man in the relationship, Chris, in a career-ending performance portrayed by Jamie Doormat, is a control-freak who must be in control in everything he does, including the life of his BDSM buddy, Ana.Not only does he creep onto her, HE BEATS HER, non-consensually while they have intercourse, he stalks her, HE INTIMIDATES HER and he shows no love for her. If this were any other film, he would be the antagonist. If you're in the mood for a movie that shows what true love is, I suggest you see Mrs. Doubtfire, as that film is about a loving family man who shows his dedication and support to his wife, even after they are separated, and his children, by dressing up as an elderly female babysitter. 50 Shades of Brown gets 1/10 stars from me as I am unable to give A BIG FAT ZERO.
평점: 4	리뷰: Few movies come with more baggage than Fifty Shades Of Grey. The bestselling book on which it's based has been criticised for everything under the sun: destroying literature, shaming women, and completely bungling the portrayal of BDSM. The film itself, though outfitted with a female director (Sam Taylor-Johnson) and writer (Kelly Marcel), has come under fire from various women's rights and religious groups, all pleading for it to be boycotted upon release. Articles about how stars Jamie Dornan and Dakota Johnson can't stand each other have gone viral. It's hard for any movie to struggle free of so much controversy, but you have to give the filmmakers credit for trying. The final film isn't, strictly speaking, very good, but - in doing away with some of the more odious elements of the book - becomes surprisingly watchable.One fateful day, literature student Anastasia Steele (Johnson) takes the place of her sick friend to interview up-and- coming young billionaire Christian Grey (Dornan). They're instantly drawn to each other: Ana can't stop thinking about him, and Christian can't stop himself from seeking her out. But it soon becomes clear that their relationship won't be, as Ana hopes, a "normal" one. Keeping himself at an emotional distance, Christian reveals that he would like Ana to consider an unusual sexual request: he wants her to consent to be his submissive, to allow him to control everything about their physical relationship within the walls of his "playroom".There are a few things that do work about the film. In the book, the character of Ana feels trapped - not just in an unbalanced relationship with a creepy guy, but by E.L. James' awkward and frequently laughable prose. Shorn of an inner monologue about her sexual awakening that's liberally peppered with phrases like "Oh my", "Holy cow", and "inner goddess", Ana actually becomes a welcome focal point for the movie. She may be dangerously drawn to Christian, but she also seems to maintain a fairly strong sense of self - she constantly questions why their relationship needs to be precisely as he dictates, without any concessions to the way she would like things to be.As a result, Fifty Shades plays with a little more romance and feminism than you might expect. It's here that Taylor-Johnson and Marcel's influence on the film really asserts itself. There's an occasional burst of fizzy humour in the way in which Ana and Christian interact, particularly when they are (literally) negotiating the terms of Ana's sexual contract in his icily professional meeting room. Ana is the one with the upper hand in this scene, and many others - she's guarding rather than giving up her freedom. After all, as some have argued in defense of Fifty Shades, Ana has every right to decide how she wants to be treated in the bedroom - even if that means having her hands tied up above her head and being spanked when she disobeys a direct command.Ironically, what works rather less well is the film's constant and strangely dull focus on sex. Presumably, the allure of kinky, alternative sexual practices was what contributed to the success of James' book. There's plenty of nudity here, with gags, whips and cuffs galore, and it's certainly one of the most explicit films ever made by a big Hollywood studio. But it barely conjures up any sort of genuine tension: sexual, erotic or otherwise. The plot, such as it is, flags frequently, clearly unable to bear the weight of a two- hour running time.There's also the rather troubling problem of Christian Grey. Try as she might, Taylor-Johnson can't completely excise or explain away the more questionable aspects of his character. It's in the book, after all, and so it's replicated - rather unfortunately - in the film. Christian's intensely specific demands are meant to be rooted in his difficult childhood, but the psychology breaks down after a point. In the second half of the film, especially, Christian feels less like a dangerous romantic prospect than an obsessive stalker. He turns up in Ana's home after she's placed plenty of distance between them, and sends her a flurry of desperate e-mails demanding that she look over her contract.This is the film that will make - or possibly break - the careers of its two lead actors, both relative unknowns who are now, for better or worse, enormous movie stars. Johnson acquits herself very well: she lends Ana a tremulous charm but also a feisty spirit that suggests she won't give in except when she really wants to. Everything about this film is a tough line to walk, particularly her character, but Johnson navigates her way quite effectively through her copious nude scenes and clunky dialogue.Dornan doesn't fare as well. Perhaps he was never really comfortable with what he's called "heinous" sex scenes, but he's an almost magnificently blank presence here - both in and out of the bedroom. He's so stiff - and not in the naughty sense of the word - that he seems dead inside. That might be intentional, to some extent, given Christian's stubbornly closed-off nature. But it means that he never quite conjures up the right chemistry with Johnson.Apart from fans of the series (and even they had their doubts), there weren't many people expecting great, good or even mediocre things from Fifty Shades. It seemed to be headed for horror: a dreadful adaptation of a dreadful book, an offensive joke played on the world at large. Well, it's not quite as bad as that. The film is problematic and unforgivably dull in parts, given its subject matter, but anyone turned off by the very thought of it might find themselves surprised by how watchable it is (most of the time, anyway). It's certainly a better adaptation than the book deserves - and that's really a minor miracle for a film struggling beneath the weight of so much controversy.
평점: 1	리뷰: Let me resume it. Bad acting, bad writing, bad directing...The actors are really the worst pick. For a movie that lives of sexuality they went with actors that have no idea what that means.The writing is just appalling, that is no story, is just more of the same, a page out off that awful vampire franchise, and it even got the same card board actors. But little girls and horny housewife's will love it The directing, just went all over the place. The main focus was with aesthetics, no content what so ever.There are amazing love and or sex story's out there, this in not the case... now let's wait for part 2 and 3. I have no doubt it will sell like crazy but not because of it's film merits that is so clear to me.
평점: 10	리뷰: Fact: I am a fan. So if you are not a fan, or you are just trying to read some opinions about the movie...know that. The book is definitely not the greatest literature, and even being a fan, I admit that the writing fails several times and it is not the book you exactly want to tell everybody proudly you read it...but f**k that...it's for our pleasure. Of course, there are many people who don't enjoy, or don't take any pleasure of it. Some will say that it's a smooth porn, others will tell that the BDSM's scenes are too sweet to be really close to what it is, and you will find those hating Anastasia being hit by a rich guy with a strange taste. Beyond all the early concept from who has not given a chance to that story, has not opened their minds to something that could actually be enjoyable, you have a chance to experience an interesting movie. Funny several times, has hot scenes, but it's not a porn. The book is not a porn, so as the movie. If you are expecting to see some 'parts' of the cast: forget it. Like I said...it's not a porn. Only Anastasia gets more of her body exposed, but you won't see her womb...it's pointless...although I think she could have shaved her low countries lol. The soundtrack was pretty good, the cast acting got over all of my fears, although I have not enjoyed the chosen actors for Kate, Eliot and Mia. Jamie and Dakota has given life to Christian and Anastasia in a way much better acting than I was expecting. The movie, I would dare to say, has the power to conquer even those who did not read the book...but of course, you have to keep your mind opened and, please, stop creating monsters over this simply and catching story. If you allow yourself, you might find out that this movie is actually nice and enjoy the rest of the story. Hope my 'not professional' opinion serves you well.
평점: 10	리뷰: Unexpectedly this movie has surprisingly low rating. I read the book not a long time ago and I think that is just bizarre.The way BDSM is shown doesn't seem romantic,not even close.I found it a little bit repulsive.I have heard some women over 40s who's been drooling over that book again and again,but that would be probably because of their rare sex life.The movie is been written because of them,and because of their poor and dreadful personal life.The movie in the other hand is made because of all the women who secretly wanting a powerful man alongside.I am not against those kind of sex practice and in fact I am about to watch that movie only because of it's low rating.If people hate it I must love it!
평점: 9	리뷰: I hear a lot of people are disappointed but personally, I LOVED it! Jamie was so so hot, making me want my own Mr. Christian Grey and Dakota was just adorable, she played her part really well. You can definitely feel the attraction between the two! Obviously the books are way more detailed and you imagine the whole thing your way, but the movie was excellent. I wouldn't have minded a bit more nudity, but of course the movie was +16 so I understand. I was sad and pitiful at the end, and it most certainly left me heartbroken, begging to see what happens next (even if I already know).I'm definitely going to see this one again, and I definitely can't wait for the next two movies! :)
평점: 8	리뷰: When the innocent English literature student Anastasia "Ana" Steele played by the beautiful and charming Dakota Johnson steps in for her sick room-mate Kate Kavanagh and visits The House of Grey in Seattle for the first time to interview it's 27 year old mystical billionaire owner Mr Christian Grey (Jamie Dornan) the tension sparks off right from the start all the way to the end, leaving you with a great cliff-hangar. The innocent and naive Ana stands by her warm-hearted values and beliefs as the cold Christian seduces her right from the start and implements his control, while helplessly falling in love with her.With a roaring temperature the moods keep swinging and rising as long as the film goes on, Presenting you with intriguing and sometimes scary insights to the secretive world of Mr. Grey and the early experiences that have shaped him into what he has become. Both Christian and Ana have concerns with their growing fondness and attraction of each other, while also loosing control over their feelings. You do ask yourself where it all will end, as well as the ever-growing feeling of who is controlling who is playing in the back of your mind.You find Ana battling with her strong feelings towards Christian, as she struggles to understand and accept why she has to submit to his desires and issues. Christian who keeps letting his own grip on his detailed rules and control decline to the attraction of love, forcing him to deal with his dark side and let true love and emotions flow. One thing is for sure; money and power can't buy love!Director Sam Taylor-Johnson has made an exiting and playful film with an electrifying tension and build up of E.L. James novel and is a very good portray of todays time and humanity. The way he has created these characters on screen and the kind of people they are portraying are absolutely spot-on. I believe a lot of people can say they know somebody similar to the characters of Ana and Christian. Fifty Shades of Grey also gives you the impression that everyone is a product of his or her own experiences and society. They also get it right with the casting, the editing, parts of the soundtrack and cinematography, especially while showing the more dramatised intimate scenes and the " seductive glamour of the high-end rich city swagger life".A lot of people will be leaving the cinema with a secret crush on either or both Dakota Johnson and Jamie Dornan while feeling they want in on some action! With it's long waited premiere nicely screened during Valentines, Fifty Shades of Grey will most definitely be one of the hottest Valentines Day in a long time. P.s. not to mention the bondage gear sales reaching skyrocket levels around the world. I've not seen a film like this in a very long time and I am really looking forward to watch the next episode. Tip: Watch this film with your partner or date!
평점: 1	리뷰: You simply can't make a silk purse out of a sow's ear. The book was unquestionably the worst piece of writing I'd ever encountered, so what the hell were they thinking in making this rubbish? Apart from the tedium of the plod (read plot), the script is cobbled together with hollow dialogue, countless use of retch-inducing signifiers and cliché, a complete lack of chemistry between the characters and predictable scenarios and outcomes at every turn. I got the feeling throughout the film that both these actors were desperate to get off the set, go home (but certainly to separate houses), drown their shared humiliation with a stiff drink or ten, and set fire to their contracts. Woeful book. Woeful film. Don't waste your money on this drivel. There are Fifty Reasons to STAY AWAY.
평점: 1	리뷰: Okay. So I have not read the book, (being a male), and I went with one of my female friends who HAD read the book, (and she said she had enjoyed it) -- although having said that, she had read it a number of years ago. We paid our money and we took our seats. The film began; and I have to say that the wooden acting, the cruddy screenplay, the corny dialogue, the ridiculous script, the highly improbable storyline, were all just TOO much for us! (And not just us it seems! As we could hear titters from the audience at large as well coming from dialogue within the story that were supposed to be serious scenes -- so not just us I hasten to add)...We gave it half an hour and then I leaned over to my friend and said "Do you think there's any chance they will give us our money back?? What do you think to it?" -- and thank God she replied, "Oh thank Heavens you said that; I can't stand it another minute! Lets just get outta here!!!!!!! It's just terrible".We got our money back. We complained it was nothing like the book and that we demanded a refund as had only seen half an hour of the movie, and hey presto they refunded my credit card! No questions asked! I give this rubbish 1 star; and that was for the pretty outdoor scenery! Don't waste your time with it -- it is Hollywood at it's worst.
평점: 6	리뷰: Im going to start with the fact that I didn't read the books.Pros--------Jamie Dornan looks great in and out of a suit. The movie is something I've never seen in theaters before. I really liked the Soundtrack, it's great. The poor suckers that are dragged with their girlfriends will enjoy her naked a good portion.Cons ---------It very awkward to watch next to strangers It's Not romantic in any sense even though they are trying a bit. Vday Boner crusher(But maybe not. The Storyline is a little boring, not too much happens. I was sick of seeing her nipples by the end of the movie. Would recommend at home viewing.
평점: 1	리뷰: Perhaps appropriately, given its subject matter, Fifty Shades of Grey feels like two, distinct films grappling for dominance over the screen: one, a sensual and stylish romance about a young woman on a path of self-discovery, both in and out of the bedroom – and the other, a numbingly explicit Harlequin bodice-ripper brought to life, better suited for Cinemax's late night library than the multiplex. Unfortunately, the lesser one of the pair ends up on top, no doubt due to the creative stranglehold in which author E.L. James held director Sam Taylor-Johnson and screenwriter Kelly Marcel throughout the adaptation process, meaning that viewers get to be teased and titillated – then totally turned off (not to mention left with a severe case of blue balls, thanks to an anti-climactic ending that calls to mind an arcade game's "Insert More Quarters" display). In other words, Fifty Shades of Grey is a victim of behind-the-scenes drama, neither the glossy and intriguingly tragicomic tale of dangerous sexual politics Taylor-Johnson tried to make, nor the thoroughly smutty romance James clearly felt her story worked better as. Instead, tt's the limpest, most colorless hybrid of the two possible. Any true movie lover will detest James for holding a talented director back in her own little, pathetic show of dominance, though it's possible that some fans of the book may have lusted after an adaptation that, on the contrary, existed solely to allow for visualization of the author's most salacious sentences. That's for them to report. The fans already spoke once, back in the summer of 2012, turning James' novel into the fastest-selling paperback of all time, which suggests more readers share her fixation with raw sexuality than would like to admit.
평점: 5	리뷰: My Thoughts:So first off the story/plot. The first thing at least I noticed is the pacing is very slow. The main story really revolves around will Anastasia Steel (Dakota Johnson)/won't she sign the Dom/Sub contract that Christian Grey (Jamie Dornan) gives her. Anyone going into this movie thinking that she is an innocent and controlled woman is sadly mistaken. Yes at the beginning of the movie Christian pretty much stalks Anastasia until she agrees to go out with him but she has a lot more control and she knows it and uses it to her advantage over Christian multiple times throughout the movie, even demanding they sit down and have a business meeting to negotiate over the contract. Yes she is innocent in the terms that she is not very sexually experienced and Christian makes mistakes by instead of being by her side and educating her in what he desires he provides her with a contract that has a lot of scary and intimidating wordage in it as well as telling her to "Google it" I don't know about you but if you put in the word Bondage in Google that is likely to scare anyone away.Now let us explore Mr. Grey some more. This guy is a walking contradiction. We are at first given the image that this guy is a over the top controlling personality who has the ability to read a person and then get them to operate at peak performance. But it seems that Anastasia is his kryptonite. And I want to make something abundantly clear Christian Grey is up front with Anastasia Steele the whole time with what he desires hiding nothing. He goes so far as to provide her with a multi-page contract explaining everything in detail about what he expects. He doesn't force her to sign it and as previously mentioned he wants her to make changes to the contract. But he is also very confusing as he tells her that he doesn't do normal relationships, he doesn't sleep in the same bed as the girl, and a number of other things and then completely does them, which would confuse the hell out of anyone in a relationship. He also doesn't do anything to Anastasia that she didn't tell him to show her. There is one scene where he tells her that he wants to punish her but again he doesn't make a move to do so until Anastasia tells him to do his worse and let me tell you folks I have had worse punishment as a kid then what he did to her.Lets talk a little bit of Anastasia Steele. As stated earlier she is not a complete innocent going into this situation with Christian. Yes she is not sexually experienced especially with the idea of a Dom/Sub experience but hell unless you are into that or have friends that are into that and open with telling about their experience not many people know that part of the sexual experience. But she is manipulative as well in this movie. She knows Christian wants her to sign that contract and be his Sub and she dangles that repeatedly over his head to try to change him. And that is another thing, Christian is very up front with her about what he wants and throughout the movie instead of taking him on at face value she goes out of her way to change him into what she desires. And I talked this over with a friend last night that it is a running storyline in Hollywood were we fall in love with someone for what they are showing us be it the dangerous bad boy or the angelic beauty and then doing everything in our power to change that person to fit what we desire to be our perfect companion and that just doesn't line up with real life. Yes people do change over time and in relationships there is a give and take but we have to accept our significant other for who they are not who we think we can change them into and that is what Anastasia is trying to do in this movie, she wants Christian to conform to her ideas of a relationship. Now I am not saying that she should conform to his either but if you both have two different philosophies on what a relationship entails you might want to think about dating someone else.My review ran over the 1,000 words allowed on IMDb so if you wish to see my full review please head over to www.shepfromtamp.comMy Recommendation:Rent it.
평점: 1	리뷰: Remember I said there was a special place in hell where they torture Hitler with Twilight and Nicolas Sparks movies? Yo dawg, we based a movie on a book based on a Twilight fan fiction so you can remember the horror of Twilight while memorizing the new horror of 50 shades of gray.While advertised as a BDSM erotic movie/book, 50 Shades is rather a rape fantasy. I am thankful the tampon sex scene was not included; that would be an extra nail in the movie's coffin.But I guess the bad writing is not so visible in the movie form; and the average sexually dissatisfied overweight housewife might still enjoy it.
평점: 4	리뷰: Fifty Shades of grey is a genius book written by E.L James who was a fan of the horrible written "Twilight" series. She wrote the book in the same format just like Twilight and now we have our story. This movie is just the same as twilight with the dialogue and plot a love triangle with more hard core sex and whip's and chains that will make Catwoman look like child's play. This concerns me about society it's almost like we have become so dumb. Now let me start off with this the movie does have so hard core porn nudity in it but it doesn't pay off with character's. The main actress is actually fine but its like she never goes anywhere as a person and becomes just like every stupid woman who needs a man in her life to save her from something. I would have been fine with the film if they didn't do that. How many times must you go to a film and you have a woman acting stupid and always needing a man. It was so cliché and Mr. Grey is very stiff and wooden (pun intended) as a character. This movie is so bad that its funny and kind of sad that as a society we have just gotten dumb. Now the BDSM part was actually fun to me because its fresh for the audiences today who act like they don't do that kind of stuff at home. It was just the fact that the movie gave Ms. Steel no arch she didn't become strong. I would have believed it more if she became more like him and being more into S&M and liked it and felt free and didn't depend on a rich man to save the day. Its just stupid and it makes you think how most people get around in the world and how to make money. Just do what ever a rich man says. Or like the writer of this book did. Copy from another shi*y book and make more money then you could ever imagine. It's no creativity in this society. I'm done, if you want to go see this movie fine but you might as well just watch so hard core porn because the sex scenes don't even pay off
평점: 1	리뷰: I just read a few pages of this book "50 shades of Grey". I wonder is this a product of crazy author? What kind of girl is Anna? Or American girls are something like Anna: smart in works, stupid in love?When I heard about this movie. I ask What? Seriously? A movie base on this god damn book? F*ck American! So sick!This is the end of American literature! I'm totally f*cked!When I come to movie, oh my Buddha! This is a porn! Not a movie! I prefer JAV from Japan. How stupid is the girl! And the Grey, the actor is fool, ugly! I prefer Brad Cooper. He's the best for this movie! he can save this movie!
평점: 1	리뷰: "My inner goddess is dancing the merengue." Anastasia Grey from the novel, Fifty Shades of Grey You're approaching this filmed version of the wildly successful sex novel Fifty Shades of Grey in the right way if you think that quote is sophomoric, typical of a naïve English major stepping out into life. It is a silly statement, and the heroine of the film, Anastasia Steele (Dakota Johnson), is less naïve than she is a thrill seeker.Fifty Shades of Grey is a torture of unfulfilled curiosity about S-M, for the heat is low on the chili pepper. Although Steele's exposed breasts supposedly lead to greater erotica, they rather are the limits of exposure and the wrong signs of sensuality, which should emanate anyway from words, not just flesh.The purveyor of the sexual fantasy, the dominant Christian Grey (Jamie Dornan), is a sadly repressed, secret misogynist, whose introduction of Ana to the pleasures of his red room (handcuffs, whips, et al.—the usual but just more finely turned out) turns out to be an exploration of low-level power plays rather than a turn on. In fact, her role as submissive eventually turning dominant is never fully explored here, just hinted at, but enough of the hints, please: She's a power bottom; I can feel it even if I can't see it.Mr. Dornan may be the problem, or perhaps director Sam Taylor-Johnson is, because the actor is a much better model than actor. At the least, he needs to have depths that can be explored, but here he seems cyber-like stoic. When he says, "I don't do romance. My tastes are very singular. You wouldn't understand," the hidden promise that he is complicated and ultimately lovable never reaches the audience.In other words, although it takes quite a bit of bad sex to bore me, this antiseptic delivery of pleasure is just that, or just what you would have expected from boring Bella Swann of The Twilight tortures (Anastasia being based on Bella, I am told). Bella was boring, Ana is boring, and this film is boring. Yet in the cold light of analysis, Johnson is the best part of the film, a not particularly beautiful woman, all the better for us to identify with, and a semi-naif adventuring out without a map.To witness Ana panting from the first time she sees him in his perfectly tailored suit covering a perfectly sculpted body is to question immediately what kind of a Romantic she really is (or maybe I'm carrying my love for 19th-century sensibilities too far into the 21st). Again it could be the director calling for some over-the-top acting.Hundreds of years ago, Geoffrey Chaucer included a story in his Canterbury tales that explained what women really want—mastery over men. Now that's telling it like it is, and I suspect this tale, which goes into three novels, will end up the same way. The film is only a disappointing beginning.But getting anywhere meaningful through flabby porn is too slow and stupid, even for a broken-down Catholic boy in whom the S-M-leaning nuns instilled a life-long interest in passionate sex only to discover it's not in films that promise to bare it all but rather hidden deep in the Cinderella story.Mother Mary, help us all in this dead-zone time of year, where good movies are much scarcer than good sex.
평점: 1	리뷰: As an active member of BDSM community, and having been a part of it for six years, I am appalled by the 'blockbluster romantic movie' that everyone deems to be 'romantic'. You take a Mary Sue - also known as Dakota Johnson to whom lacks the ability to a) bite her lower lip in a 'sexual' manner', let alone say her lines as if she's been acting for several years ( lets be honest here, she cannot act ) / Gary Sue - seen as the bearded wonder that was Jamie Dornan, a married man outside of his acting career with a child - situation that holds no evidence of sexual tension. The inability to further deepen the bond between Dominate and submissive was, how does one say it, horrible in effort. What appeared to be every 'womans' dream man became a man known for raping a woman purely because of his night terrors, a man to whom devoted taking the idea of BDSM and creating abuse rather than listening and allowing for someone - mind you, who had no sexual ID or preference until meeting him - who was about as 'vanilla' as the ice cream itself, to study and look at the idea of BDSM. To those whom have taken the books route and ventured into the dark abyss that is Wikipedia to figure out what BDSM is, needs to be caned. The author, herself, takes an already published series turned movie, and makes it into her own idea. A 26 year old billionaire? Unlikely in this day and age with the way the economy is. A college student with a rather unnerving need to say 'oh my' every other second? Really? Is THIS what writing as the point of view of a woman has come down to? It seems like, although we argue against it, and we say that we don't condone it, that the women whom have read this book, have seen this movie, will and have ignored that there is rape, non consensual sex, and heavy amounts of verbal and emotional abuse. Who really wants a man who is going to control their eating habits, sleep schedule and more? Certainly not I. To be frank, everyone knows this movie is going to gross millions upon its release; why? Because everyone is all hyped up to see a movie with little to no chemistry, to find that the 'unusual behavior' is just another way of life. We magnify all the little things in the world that we've yet to uncover, but BDSM should never be something in the movies, should never be written; especially by women in their 'mid life crisis' age with no idea what the sensation of a crop lashing at skin feels like.If you want good BDSM, or to understand it, there are people willing to discuss it, websites you can go on - although extremely sexual in nature - to figure out what true BDSM looks like, what it sounds like. When this book was written, it was evident that EL James did not do her own 'research'.All in all, it's a movie with no plot, with no true build to it with horribly written characters and nothing more. So why spend nearly good money seeing this sad mistake when you can spend that money on getting something to eat and staying inside? Complete and total thumbs down to the movie, the book, the series, and to the author.
평점: 10	리뷰: Well, I read all three books. The first two book is kinda filled with lots of steamy stuff but third book is more interesting. Me and my fiancé had a chance to go at a pre-screening of the movie. And to tell you the truth, this is probably 98% match with the book. People complain no matter what. "It's not like the book...blah blah...Oh, its like the book. No new material..." But I say, this is not everyone's cup of tea. I like it because it has sensuality. People think this movie promotes violence. I don't see any violence in here and neither does my fiancé. These are acts of two adult, consenting to perform BDSM. It is not full on torture to mean and hurt anyone. Again, its not for everyone. So if you don't like it. Stay away of it rather than putting negative comments and confusing people. I understand this can be new to some people and be little uncomfortable but that's what everything new is going to be like. So, I liked the movie and enjoyed it even though lots of nakedness. But, hey this is the 50 shades of Grey!
평점: 1	리뷰: We are revoking Jamie Dornan's Irish citizenship.Awful movie. Awful acting, shouldn't be in cinemas. I have washed my eyes out with a mixture of battery acid and white spirits and the burn is less then watching that attempt of a movie. Now I just need to fill space so people can see the review. You should go see Spongebob with your other half on Valetines Day. avoid watching this movie at all costs. I'm a little teapot short and stout here is my handle and here is my spout.These reviews need more lines then Charlie Sheehan. I'm nearly running out of things to say, nearly but not quite. I believe in a thing called love ah ah ah yeah. C'mon Barbie let's go party oh oh oh yeah. Thanks for reading, Irish Passport Office
평점: 10	리뷰: Hey i'd just like to say i absolutely loved the movie and honestly cannot was til darker comes out. Thank u for bringing the movie to life. You both did amazing and i couldn't have asked for more :) my favorite scene was Charlie tango and when you tied her to the bed and flipped her over. Thanks again and please don't let the haters get to you. Id like to see the last two movies made ♡ also i was with 281 other ladies last night watching the movie and we all loved it. We had a fun ladies night and we plan to do it again it was a great success and we filled every seat in the theatre! :) Thanks to the director Sam and everyone else for makimg the movie and thanks to E.L. James for being the amazing author who wrote this series :) Love sincerely a do hard fan Courtney lampreau
평점: 10	리뷰: First of all i don't understand why so much hate on this movie?And why did IMDb website open voting process when the movie wasn't even shown at the theaters?Haters are going to hate but leave it alone already!Now down to the movie...After the very long anticipation and excitement for the movie i experienced two feelings after seeing it. - Astonished -FrightenedFilm is totally fine and doesn't contain abuse or anything that hurts female population at all! Everything is consensual and negotiated. By the end of the film you will realize,ironically that Anastasia is in charge.Film is fun to watch with partners and reason for that is Dakota Johnson.Yes, her sense of humor that was given to a character needs to be praised all the way.She makes the film a romantic comedy that will soon give new dark twist that makes this movie intriguing in the first place.She is not annoying and i like her character more in movie than from the book.Both of them, even Jamie Dornan has developed sense of humor that makes this movie entertaining to watch.Now i have some worries about Johnson...i feel like she has given too much of exposure to herself for this film without being aware of the consequences. I would be so woesome if she fails in getting what she wants and that her career of acting will flop afterwards. Because she is such a great actress.Cinematography and Soundtrack for this movie are perfect! And i have no complaints about that. Plot is okay but the dialog wasn't so great. It was cheesy. But Hey!All the Nicholas Sparks movies have cheesy dialogs but better rating for some reason, and who gives a darn about that.Sex scenes were not shocking or controversial but very well done in artistic way.Praise Sam Taylor Johnson for that.In particular one i like the most is Anastasia losing virginity. That scene was simply beautiful shot.Angles,background music and the most gorgeous part was when the camera was directed to the ceiling where we can see reflection of Ana and Christian having sex and that part reminded me so much of an artist Édouard-Henri Avril.The movie is simply beautiful and i hope that people will stop complaining about it. I gave it a 10 just because this movie deserves more and has so much more in its source material. Hope this helps. Looking forward for the sequels.
평점: 7	리뷰: I have read the books and loved them although looking back I can see the concerns people have with it, at the time I did really enjoy them so I had high hopes for the book, although a little put off by all the harsh reviews.The movie was funny- now it wasn't just the lines that were expected to be funny, but there were some sexy lines, like the one where they are in the hotel room and Christian and ana try and be sexy about biting ana's lip. It really didn't come off sexy, and instead the whole cinema laughed, and it wasn't the only corny lines that could have not come across like that if there was just better chemistry between Jamie and Dakota. Dakota did a fantastic job. Honestly, if not for her this movie really would have flopped big time. She gave all of herself to the role, and you could see how hard she was trying to get the sexual chemistry between her and Jamie, but Jamie just fell flat.Jamie looked like he'd rather not be there. I actually really like him as an actor. But he just let the film down. His accent was terrible, and he didn't come across sexy at all, and I don't felt like he portrayed Christian's character very well either.If I hadn't of read the books and just seen the movie I wouldn't have been able to connect with characters. It would have come across like he was just a freak and stalker, which is so not how he comes across in the book. In the book you would do anything for him, and he is so mysterious that you want to know more about him. In the movie he isn't very interesting at all and you can't understand why Ana wants to be with him.The other cast wasn't too bad, although Jose should have looked younger in my eyes.Look its one of those movies I wouldn't be disappointed (actually I would prefer it) if they recast Christian's role for the next two.Soundtrack was awesome! so points for that!On a side note.... I wonder if Charlie's small re-writes that he wanted for this movie involved the corny scenes... you can't help but wonder if maybe they listened to him it wouldn't be as bad.Oh and thank god they didn't add the tampon scene!EDIT: I have since watched this film again and enjoyed it much more the second time and think I was too harsh on Jamie. I can't wait till the second installment!
평점: 2	리뷰: For the curious minds wondering how I've seen and reviewed the film already, we are in the US territory of Guam and are one day ahead. I was severely disappointed with the casting and directing. The storyline didn't even make it through the first book. It did not capture the sensuality and rawness. The only actor that came close to matching what was in my head, while reading the books, was Anna. If you've read the books, I highly doubt you will enjoy the movie. My husband had not read the books and he felt the movie was just 'ok.' Of course, he did say there were scenes he enjoyed. Christian's character has no depth and will surely leave people wondering what are the fifty shades, because this film only portrayed two of his fifty shades. Viewers will only see him as business and sex. I think they missed the mark. As the author, I'd be furious. I was ready to leave within the first five minutes.
평점: 5	리뷰: Fifty Shades of Grey has two main characters: Anastasia Steele (Dakota Johnson) and Christian Grey (Jamie Dornan). As in most love stories, they belong to two different social classes - the girl being a poor, beautiful student, while the boy is a rich, powerful, handsome billionaire. They meet each other by chance and fall in love. For now you might think that you've seen it hundreds of times and you are definitely right about it. Most things in this movie is so well known and familiar that it bores you. Accordingly, if you continue watching it as another complicated love story, you might walk out of theater or order a cup of coffee to keep yourself awake. What I tried is to look at this story in a different perspective, something alike to Nymphomaniac or even more, Blue Is the Warmest Color (the comparison does not necessarily mean they are equally good). At the end of the day, not many films, at least in Hollywood, talk about BDSM or dominant/submissive sex experience.Having said that, I was very surprised that the film is R rated. And it's not only a rating, it perfectly describes what approach director Sam Taylor-Johnson took while filming it. To shortly say, it could have been much more erotic and as they say, book has lots of it. I will try to talk about the love-story side of Fifty Shades of Grey. We all know it's shitty cause it's very average and not original. By saying that I mean everything, including relationship lineup, dialogues, character development and extremely predictable "twists". Instead, I will focus on Grey's fetish - BDSM. Dornan's character is an absolute cliché of rich playboy - handsome, full of gadgets, self confidence and kindness. But his sexual life is nothing alike of others. The only way he gets sexual satisfaction is pain, pain of other partner who is always submissive. In any world, one can not easily find an absolute submissive person, who is ready to enjoy the physical stab because other person does. So, Christian has to negotiate with Anastasia step by step, tries to talk her into his dangerous game. Miss Steele is ready to try for sake of love. I don't want to spoil anything, if its possible, so I'll just generally tell the idea. The film provokes many thoughts on BDSM: whether it's normal; whether it's naturally born attraction or later formed due to specific life events. Fifty Shades of Grey gives a definite answer, which you might not agree, just like me. But it does give an answer. Another deal-breaker is how another person can accept this sexual behavior and if the denial is really about the pain or humiliation. For Grey, bandaging, spanking, slapping is a form of endearment, a form of loving and the only way to experience orgasm. He means nothing degrading by that. To the contrary, Anastasia perceives it in a different way - the way most of us probably would do. While she sometimes enjoys it, since Christian seems to be very professional/good at it, there is a part of her that feels wrong, as if being submissive has nothing to do with love.As I mentioned above, this film has some similarities with Nymphomaniac, which also talks about masochist sex. But the latter is more sincere and open about it, showing sexual desires more naked and a it is. For me, Trier's film was sometimes too hard to watch, too explicit and very true. While Fifty Shades of Grey demonstrates BDSM in more acceptable way, which I enjoyed to watch. I mean, it maybe something most of us have never experienced, but I have to acknowledge that each sex scene was beautifully shot, perfectly shooting the pleasure of both parties. The biggest complain I have is that it could have been more +18. In it's core, dominant/submissive sex has nothing to do with shame or diffidence and filming this scenes with shyness does not feel frank enough.As for Blue Is the Warmest Color it had more explicit sex scenes that, everyone agrees, was one of the most pleasant scenes in years. So what director Sam Taylor-Johnson could have done is to adopt the same attitude by filming her movie in more "pornish" way that would be equally acceptable. Even though Dakota Johnson is an exact pretty face a girl like Anastasia should be, her performance was far below average. Her tears, drama scenes were somehow irritating. But Jamie Dornan was quite much better, especially in the last sex scene, where he finally gets what he wants and you can see it in every move, emotion and wrinkle on his face.Danny Elfman, who has created some magnificent music for Good Will Hunting, Milk and Big Fish, did nothing special for Fifty Shades of Grey. In fact, at the end of the movie, I remembered none of track played during the film. Only Beyonce's memorable song captured the spirit of film perfectly.Oscar nominee cinematographer Seamus McGarvey did not have much to do here, but he did picture several sex scenes in a very good way, focusing on important parts (!) sometimes, moving through bodies of lead characters and giving glimpse on their faces. It created an impressive motion that kept audience engaged in sexual act, at least, sometimes.In conclusion, if you are looking for groundbreaking, philosophically deep discussions on sexual behavior, Fifty Shades of Grey will disappoint you. If you are going to watch it as a love story, it will disappoint you. But if you try to look at it as a discussion of BDSM and not generally accepted sexual life, it will definitely provoke some controversial thoughts
평점: 1	리뷰: i cant be more honest when i say this film was bad and my head is now messed up because this film is now stuck in my brain and cant get it out of my head and it will now mess with my whole sleep at night.up until i seen this film the worst film i have even watched was Britney spears film crossroads and that was a bad film as you all no but this is miles ahead of it and i just know that no Matter what i watch until my death bed i will never see a film as bad.and poor people are going to see this on Valentine's day and if they like it i can only imagine they are just kidding themselves cos they so wanted it to be good because of the book.
평점: 6	리뷰: I never wanted to read the books but I saw the movie. Fifty Shades of Grey is Twilight, without the religious cr**, sorry to say but the relationships in Twilight didn't feel genuine or plausible - supernatural aspects aside - and thank goodness she doesn't wait four books to put out. The film is sensual, not sexual even thought there are b**bs, bushes, and f-ing in it. It's a BDSM love story that reeks of teenage drama and desperation but it's still fun to watch, what does that say about?Sam Taylor-Johnson delivered a tasteful movie despite the dicey subject. Fifty Shades is well shot, the cinematography is beautiful and luminescent - sorry about that word - literally bringing to light BDSM practices. She suggested sex without showing it, to be honest she showed quite a bit. But once again, the movie is sensual and not arousing - at least, it didn't arouse me. Taylor-Johnson also got some pretty surprising performances out of her actors. Jaime Dornan and Dakota Johnson were surprisingly very good.Jamie Dornan is exceedingly good in this role, not that he is a bad actor, but I wasn't sure he could pull it off. He does though, he plays mysterious and domination well, and also clearly shows how Christian Grey loves the crack the whip. Dakota Johnson as the young and innocent Bella, I mean Anastasia is brilliant, she probably would have been a better Bella than Kristen Stewart - sorry but it's kind of true. I hope Dakota Johnson had a hell of a pay day out of this movie because however tasteful it is, she's naked a lot in this film.Chessy dialogues and unnecessary innuendos aside, Fifty Shades of Grey is not that bad.@wornoutspines
평점: 1	리뷰: Besides being full of clichés, I find this film to be sexist and encouraging of prostitution. If it were just a movie about BDSM I would of been OK with it, if it were just a romantic move I would of been OK with it. But promoting this poor girl - rich boy romantic story is getting really old, really fast. As a society we are starting to realize the damaging effects stories like Cinderella and Beauty and the Beast have upon our kids ideals and their ambitions in life. This film is nothing but worse. Cinderella goes for Prince Charming, the Beauty goes for the Beast with Money, and the female protagonist of this film goes for a rich man that would also like to whip her from time to time. What's next? - I don't even want to imagine.
평점: 1	리뷰: "Fifty Shades of Grey" is based on a badly written book, so why someone thought they could make a decent film out of it is beyond me. Actually I don't think anyone believed they could make a good film, the producers just wanted the money that would come in from all people who for reasons known only to themselves read the book.I had a free ticket and I had to go in order to do a story on it. Bottom line, I'm not doing a story on it.Okay, here's the problem, and this is what breaks my heart. We no longer know what good or great is. I am no follower of Ayn Rand, but in The Fountainhead, she predicted the rise of mediocrity, mediocrity being considered great and the norm we shoot for. It only stands to reason that at this point, some things can't even rise to that sad level. This isn't mediocre, it's pathetic. I can't believe there are people complimenting the actors. But then I can, because they have come to accept mediocrity. Something I fight against with all my heart.There is one other problem. The book sucked; in order to like it, one had to use his or her imagination. The success of this book lay in the fantasy aspect. Sometimes imagination is more powerful than just about anything and can give you an erotic experience. This film doesn't fulfill the most inane imagination, let alone someone who really has a wild and creative one. The only fantasy it can give you is how fast you can get out of the theater.There were people around me laughing. The ones who weren't left, and from what I found out in the lobby, actually demanded and got their money back. When was the last time you saw people leaving a movie in the middle? I'm not sure I've ever seen it, and I'll guess I've been going to movies longer than a lot of you.I lament the loss of artistic soul, of creativity, of going for the best. I miss the days when Billy Wilder was a writer and a filmmaker. What are we left with but a horrible book written on a first grade level and the resulting bad movie.
평점: 2	리뷰: I read the book two days before the release of the film as the hype was quite huge. After reading the book I had no desire to watch the film. I've read far better executed fan fictions with more passion and emotions than this essentially 'GREY' book. But still went and watched the film and honestly out of all the Fifty Shades of Grey franchise the trailer was the best. The film is essentially awkward and cringe worthy throughout it and it isn't a romance novel/film. It's a very disturbing film of a naive young women falling for a "control freak". Nothings screams passion in either the book or the film!!
평점: 3	리뷰: There were times during my (honestly more than a little intoxicated) viewing of "Fifty Shades of Grey" where the movie genuinely made me wonder if I was watching a parody of E.L. James' horrible book. The entire audience and I guffawed heartily at several of the early scenes, and I got the impression that we were all laughing with the film and not at it. Even more numerous were the times where I felt I was laughing AT it, and the times where I was so thoroughly baffled at the characters' actions and their development, or so massively bored by the tame and interminable scenes of protracted S&M, that I almost took a conscious decision to drink myself into a stupor and miss out on the ending; a big emotional moment that will probably lose what little meaning it has as soon as the inevitable sequel rolls around.Inconsistency in tone is far from the only problem the film has, though. The borderline glorification of abusive relationships, poor acting, bad dialogue and a frankly (James got final say on the casting, after all) surprising lack of chemistry between the leads (Dornan is by far the biggest culprit here) certainly go a long way in making this film a lot more enjoyable at its worst, but the aforementioned boring bits are SO boring, and so unendingly devoted to the book, that whatever schadenfreude I got from them is simply insufficient for me to squeeze out an ironic recommendation. A saddening fact, because I could easily see myself endorsing an intentionally funny parody or an unintentionally hilarious slavish adaptation, but not a mismatched hybrid of both.I have a feeling that the people involved in the making of this picture could have cooked up a pretty decent parody of the laughable new wave of "mommy porn" erotic novels that E.L. James inspired. As it stands, though, they crafted what is probably the single best adaptation that anyone could have possibly made from the source material.Unfortunately, that is not saying much. At all.Funny as hell, though. Even if I got more titillation out of Alexander Portnoy's liver episode.
평점: 1	리뷰: One must ask, how is it possible that a movie company would bother to advertise such a disgusting movie. I consider myself fairly sophisticated, however this is not entertainment .This is not a sign of being in with the times. This is not art or a venue for good acting. This is pure filth, violence and an offense to women. This movie and I use the term loosely is worse than porn ,as it advertises itself as a main stream movie. At least with porn you know what your getting. This is the worst I've seen, because former sex torture movies, remained with the horror genre ,where they belonged. Disgusted is how I felt about this movie, and ashamed at the hype given it.
평점: 3	리뷰: This movie adaptation of the first book from the Blockbuster Trilogy of the E.L James novels, 50 shades of Grey, for me was 50 shades of what to do wrong in a book adaptation movie. First let me express the artistic qualities in the movie and acting. This movie exists only because of the success from the book trilogy that was targeted for women over 30 years of age. Why then make a movie that is basically watching a Twilight movie, this will surely disappointing for the novel fans. I understand why they might get influenced from this vampire movie, since both of them take place in Seattle, but you cant have a movie based on a novel for an audience of women over 30 or at least mature minded women over 20, watching the acting of the twilight saga with bad lines of BDSM or bondage scenes, which by the way this scenes have nothing of BDSM, basically just nipple showing and bad acting. The acting in my opinion was terrible, the adaptation from the novel was horrible and I think I am not going to be the only one disappointed in this movie. I would only suggest this movies for girls from 18 to 21 years of age, who are Twilight fans, since it seems more like a soft porn TV made movie, than a box office hit.
평점: 7	리뷰: Okay - so I have not read the book and I'm not a movie critic. But this is the first time I've been largely disappointed in this review community.Simply put, I liked the movie. I would have rather seen it in private because it was a bit uncomfortable sitting with a theatre full of people watching the level of intimacy that happened, but I'm also very aware that America can be very prudish when it comes to the taboo topic of sex.It makes me wonder if all the hate is because we are not mature enough to deal with lifestyles outside the box. Take the movie for what it is. Entertainment. Titillating. Fun.
평점: 2	리뷰: Please keep in mind, I have read the books. That's not to say I liked them, I actually struggled to get through the poor writing ability of the author and the incessant use of the same adjectives over and over like there wasn't a thesaurus handy. Now, I just returned from seeing this in the theater and I must say that I wish I had waited until it was out on cable. I thought I'd give them a chance to spruce up the books a bit, but that did not happen. I was bored after about 30 minutes into it and thought of leaving halfway through. The acting was OK, but then again both stars worked with what they were given...which was not a lot of dialogue to start with. I wouldn't hang my hat on either of them. The set design was good for the most part and stayed close to the books as far as colors and layout. Other than that, there's really not a lot of positive review for this. It felt like I was watching a bad soap opera.
평점: 1	리뷰: I wish I could give this a rating of 0. The movie doesn't even come close to following the book.Don't waste your money. There is no chemistry between the actors, the whole premise is he finds a virgin, f*s her she falls in love , he beats her she leaves. No sweet romance, didn't set up well for another (which I am grateful). If I was the author I would not want my name associated with this film.So many simple small things were missed. Please if you want to see it wait until it is a pay per view...... don't spend the money. They make errors all over in the setting up and they can't even make a hot sex scene. Knocked up the movie had a better sex scene than this entire movie. Great book. Sucky movie.
평점: 4	리뷰: I have read the books, all 3! This movie followed the theme and important scenes in the book. The beginning portion of the movie was too rushed. The relationship between Steele and Grey was going from meeting for the first time, to all of sudden talking about being in a relationship. There was a lot more depth or quality interactions that led up to the initial sexual interaction in the book. The sex scenes were steamy. The serious scenes with lines, lacked delivery by actors. I'm not sure if it was lack of chemistry or the fact that they were so uncomfortable doing these scenes that they were not focusing on the lines and being realistic in the delivery. It seemed corny at times. There were one liners that added a little humor into a supposed dramatic movie, which made it feel childish. I wished it could have focused more on why Chrisitan Grey is the way he is, instead of spending 1/2 the movie with soft pornographic scenes that lacked depth, follow through and feeling. I'm sure this is to be continued in the sequel. A lot of hype, and I'm sure it will make a lot of money in the opening week. Dakota Johnson will get many more B and C grade acting jobs for her ability to bear all for the art. However the movie needs a lot more work and maybe even new actors.
평점: 10	리뷰: The script of the movie and the scenes they changed in the movie made Christian less awkward. I hated the cast before I saw the movie, now I can't imagine anyone else playing those parts. There was a few scenes not in the movie but then again they contain sex and they cut quite a bit of those scenes to stay in the R rating. All the main scenes were in the film, most were the exact same but a few were remade, which were 10x better than the book! The cast was amazing, Mia didn't look as weird in action verses in the still photo. Christian is more human and less distant. He actually steals a bite from Anna!! So looking forward to the second movie!!
평점: 10	리뷰: I've read all 3 books and am i huge fan of the fan fiction novels. The movie was of course not EXACTLY like the book but it was pretty close. I thought the movie was AMAZING. Dakota and Jamie did a great job playing their roles. The movie was funny, cute, and of course a bit erotic. The erotic scenes were not as bad as people are making it out to be. I don't understand how people can say this movie was horrible or how it "degrades" women.. The books are a FANTASTY of a WOMAN. What is wrong with that? It's not fair when people who have no read the books, nor watched the movie, are talking bad about it when they don't even know what they are talking about. Even for the people who have read it.. If these books are not your style, then don't read it. Don't talk bad or try to discredit somebody's hard work. If these books were as bad as people are saying it is, how exactly did it make $100 million dollars in a 2 year period? These books were not meant to be a romantic English literature novel. It is called a FAN FICTION for a reason. The story is not about a BDSM relationship. It's a story about a girl changing a man. Now get over yourselves.IM SO HAPPY FOR SAM TAYLOR JOHNSON AND THE CAST. LOVED THE MOVIE SO MUCH!!
평점: 10	리뷰: Why did I give this movie a 10, you ask? Well, I will happily tell you. The movie, even though it is based off of the book, is nothing like the book. I am not hearing the words "inner goddess" 60 times nor am I reading "gasp" more times than I blink. Every character that was in the movie was perfect, hand picked, and well done. Ana is a lovable young girl and Christian isn't as Alpha Male as the book describes. It's actually quite fun to watch these two interact on screen during their conversations. Ana, which in the book, is a more naive character, is portrayed as intelligent, witty, and sassy, which is a nice change. Christian, although seemingly dominant, shows the softer side of him throughout most of the movie.Now, to those of you who haven't seen the movie but are rating it based upon the books just sound ignorant. At no point in time does E.L. James state this IS what BDSM is, this is HER fantasy, something that she has been thinking up for awhile now, this is what SHE wants. Everyone's fantasies differ, that's what makes things like this so taboo. Assuming that this is what the BDSM style is like is simply ignorant. I don't think they have a reason to be offended because she's "Not portraying the right BDSM lifestyle" Is there really a "right way"? Some people cover them selves in leather, others are chained, others use ropes, women and men can both be submissive and dominant. At NO point does she out right say that this IS what BDSM is, and that's it. No, she doesn't.Another issue that is being brought up is rape. When in the hell does he rape her!??! At no time in my reading of the books does he ever rape her!? Did you even read the book!? What!? Also, she agrees to this lifestyle and she is the one who willingly submits (she even ASKS him some of the time). When she says "NO" or "STAY AWAY FROM ME", he does. I'm really not seeing any rape here. You can't rape the willing (which is also known as 'consensual sex') Weird concept, huh? Also, boycotting it for domestic violence?! Please, this movie was ANYTHING but that. At no time did he out right beat her or even get close to doing that. Unless you think it's abusive to aggressively make out with someone in an elevator unexpectedly. Eh. I was honestly trying to find even a HINT of domestic violence...I came up with nothing.You're probably sick of reading this by now, but, a few more things to add to the table. Boycotting this movie because it's "Violent" "Against Sacredness of Sex" "Rape" ...have you even seen the movies that are out right now!? I would rather watch a woman asking to be whipped than a child in American Sniper get his brains drilled out by terrorists. Or a girl who is portrayed at 16/17 years old in The Boy Next Door completely naked and sucking off 'the boy next door' (underage porn much? even if she is really 25, her character is NOT). Oh, and that SAW Series!? What the hell you guys, really? You're OK with someone sawing off their leg and playing games with people, but not with Ana and Christian!? Last thing: How sex should be sacred. PLEASE NOW, that is a joke in today's society and if you think this movie takes away from that, please pardon yourself from EVER watching Game of Thrones, Dexter, Sons of Anarchy, ya know, those super popular shows about killing and sex and crime? Why aren't you boycotting those?! How do those have such high ratings?
평점: 10	리뷰: Dakota Johnson is amazing. Matched the expectations. Men should watch it to know what women need! Great cast. Nicely done Quite entertaining. It's a good escape from the boring routine day to day life especially when you work with bunch of weirdos at work. Fantasies are out of reach, that's what makes them so desirable. Good job Dakota No shame no regrets. I watched it to see how Hollywood did bringing the words in the novel to colours on screen. Nice job well done. The guy playing Christian couldn't really do the character justice. He is okay but Dakota is the perfect match. Will watch it again. But there's one problem. Have to wait a whole year for the darker version. And on the same note, Vancouver! Wake up! Next time when the Grey crew is herein our city make buzz about it. Tanw a break from being so serious. Life can be fun too. Good job Dakota.
평점: 9	리뷰: Loved the movie so much, of course not as much as the books though! It was a little over two hours but the time flew by. I was a little bummed that it drifted away from the book at times and it felt kind of rushed, missed some important scenes and parts from the book. I am now obsessed with Jamie Dornan and going into the movie I was not a fan of the casting of Dakota Johnson but she killed it as Anastasia and the make up artist did wonders for her. Can't wait for the next two movies to come our, I'll definitely see it again while it's in theaters! I feel like the only People trashing the movie are delusional feminists, people who didn't read the book Or those expecting a "Oscar award winning" performance. I thought the directing and a find was great and considering I loved the books so much the movie did it justice for the most part. So happy it wasn't a nightmare to watch like twilight was!
평점: 9	리뷰: I was extremely worried about seeing the movie having read the trilogy 10 times (going on 11) and so I was not expecting too much just so I wouldn't be disappointed. I was VERY pleasantly surprised on how well the story was portrayed in the movie. Obviously it will never be as good as the book (what movie is?) but I will definitely be seeing the movie again, tomorrow actually. It was believable and really captivated the entire audience. Many complain that the movie was awkward but if you read the books you would understand that its supposed to be awkward. This love story is not a typical one and that's the thrill of it all. If you're a prude (which most of these critics seem to be) you will not like this movie. People also complain that this movie glamorizes domestic violence which is just ridiculous. I do not want to spoil the movie for anyone but I will say that the film deals with two CONSENTING adults and again, if you're a prude, don't watch the movie. I absolutely loved the movie and I cannot wait to see it again, a must see!
평점: 10	리뷰: I literally followed the progress of this movie from day one. Saw it tonight at an early screening and absolutely loved it! I was completely satisfied! It was different enough from the book so it wasn't verbatim, yet still stayed true to the story! I was on the fence with the casting, simply because I wasn't entirely sure about the sexual chemistry between the two. But after watching, I'm VERY satisfied! They were absolutely GREAT together! The sex scenes were tastefully done, yet still raunchy and sexy as well as sensual! The soundtrack was great as well! Had me in goosebumps at several points of the movie! All and all, the entire aspect of this movie was PERFECT! I'm really looking forward to seeing Jamie and Dakota return next year for the sequel!!!
평점: 10	리뷰: As a fan of the books, I thought the movie was amazing! Of course there are going to be missing or added pieces but it fit the feel of the book perfect. I don't understand why people don't like it. I love that they added more humor to it. There's always going to be haters and people that think this is degrading to women, but those ladies that do that stuff choose too. They know what they are doing. Times have changed and people need to stop living in the olden ages. I also loved Jamie and Dakota together, they had amazing chemistry. Dakota made a perfect Ana, just the way I imagined her. Jamie might not have been the best Christian but I think he pulled it off pretty well, better then Charlie would have. I definitely heard his accent slip every once in awhile but it was sexy. All in all I give this movie two thumbs up and I can't wait to go see it again!!
평점: 9	리뷰: Whether you are a fan of the books or not it doesn't have any relevance to watching this for the first time. I am not sure of what people's expectations are of a movie from a book. While the book is not going to win any Pulitzer prizes it has been a massive seller since 2011 which is plenty of time to find the cast and write a screenplay and this movie is what you get. Do the haters out there not realize that this is the first part of a trilogy ? Did you have you face and body inserted into this movie and that was what let you down ? What were you truly expecting ? This is a movie that replicates the without going across the line, it does not represent violence to woman, this movie is a modern day love affair with a kinky sexual twist. Nothing more and nothing less. I suggest for all the professional women journalists out there that are canning this movie do two things: 1. Watch this movie for what it is........... Escapism and Fantasy 2. Have a look at your own vanilla sex life and try and push the boundaries you might find there us something out there you might just like and I don't mean making you Husband wear your panties as he probably already does. Harden up people and enjoy this movie for what it is.
평점: 9	리뷰: Rarely has a movie elicited such heated controversy well before anyone actually had the opportunity to view it. Based on the first in an astonishingly bestselling series of novels by Erika Leonard (E.L. for short) James, its catchy title had already been punned to death (Fifty Shades of Chicken, anyone ?) prior to the "official" film version, numerous YouTube send-ups and unauthorized adult adaptations notwithstanding. Pretty much every aspect of the material would be endlessly debated, from casting choices to the tale's "questionable" sexual politics, prior to the movie hitting theaters just in time for Valentine's Day of 2015. I haven't read the books cause I'm a guy and when it comes to "erotica" I prefer pictures to the printed page. Rest assured that there will be plenty of other reviews (in fact there already are) to compare one to the other.What pleases me most about the film is that it has singlehandedly ended the drought of big screen skin flicks. Porno palaces are but a distant memory nowadays and while there has certainly been a considerable display of nudity and (not always) simulated sex on art-house screens, it is rarely presented as a pleasurable experience, thereby reducing audience stimulation to nil. I fondly remember the heyday of the sadly late Zalman King, back in the '90s, when polished soft-core porn (though, it must be stressed, always told from a female point of view, courtesy of King's significant other Patricia Louisiana Knop) like TWO MOON JUNCTION and WILD ORCHID played to packed houses. When he withdrew to the more carnally conducive channels of cable TV, there was hardly anyone left to pick up the sexual slack at mainstream multiplexes. One notable exception was Canadian (of Armenian descent) Atom Egoyan who abandoned art-house for the lurid delights of CHLOE and WHERE THE TRUTH LIES. Yet at the end of the day, these were still men treading on a woman's turf, claiming to do her carnal bidding but prohibited from accurately adopting her gaze because of their gender.Fifty Shades, the novel(s), has reclaimed literary eroticism for a female audience, hence the innumerable inferior spin-offs it has spawned to date. The movie attempts to achieve the same goal for its cinematic counterpart. Rumors of the book's graphic depictions being drastically toned down have not prevented yours truly from being pleasantly surprised at just how far an R-rating will stretch nowadays as this plays mighty close to NC-17. Another kicker was just how knowingly Kelly Marcel's solid screenplay toys with the genre's attendant clichés, starting with its impossibly glamorous setting (Christian Grey's offices peopled exclusively with eye-popping runway model types in identical tight-fitting business suits) and the lifestyles of the idle rich most of us can only dream of. One of porn's most enduring hallmarks is that it takes place in an idealized fantasy setting where no aspect of daily drudgery can detract from the sex and this film is all but an exception but still satirizes the concept simultaneously.Above all, this is a romance, for much of its duration (meet cute and initial courtship) a rom-com even, and a highly effective example of the form at that. The only difference being that the love and laughs, of which there are plenty (most of them intentional), are embellished with extended sex scenes of an increasingly BDSM slant. Members of said BDSM community have, of course, already spoken up that both novel and film completely misrepresent their erotic enclosure. Like so many, they are missing the point. The whips and handcuffs are part of Christian Grey's personal obsession which is at the center of what essentially amounts to an updated Gothic romance. I really like the fairytale flourishes added to the material, from Bluebeard (the secrets of the Red Room) to Beauty and the Beast (Christian allowing Anastasia to visit her mother in Georgia even though he can barely stand being without her at this point), elements that further enrich the tapestry woven by Misses James, Marcel and (drum roll) director Sam Taylor-Johnson. For the latter, this is the definitive rise from the ranks of relative anonymity after an intriguing contribution to 2006's porn anthology DESTRICTED showed she could handle screen sex and the early John Lennon biopic NOWHERE BOY proved she was capable of coping with actors. Needless to say, both abilities serve her exceedingly well on FIFTY SHADES.The beautiful daughter of Melanie Griffith and Don Johnson, and resembling both, Dakota Johnson is sure to become a household name after her turn as audience identification character Anastasia Steele, combining gauche inexperience (innocence rather than naiveté) with out of left field sophistication as she gets the 27-year old billionaire to do her bidding. This fantasy figure was always gonna be tough to cast but Irish-born Jamie Dornan (former Calvin Klein model, so that gets potential body issues out of the way, but especially memorable playing the psycho on TV's THE FALL) surpasses all preconceived notions and expectations by bringing a human dimension to what was very much in danger of ending up as a walking cliché. It also doesn't hurt that both actors strike sexual sparks off one another for the heavy breathing final act. Taylor-Johnson elegantly captures every nuance of the characters dancing around each other, sniffing each other out, building genuine eroticism through a succession of scenes, even (especially, in fact) when everyone's fully dressed. She only drops the ball once, switching to decorous slow motion when Christian wields the whip, literally softening the blows, an understandable if ill-advised tactic to render S&M more palatable stretching all the way back to Just Jaeckin's STORY OF O. The cliffhanger ending has me chomping at the bit for the surefire second installment. Honestly !
평점: 6	리뷰: 5.3/10 Fifty Shades of Grey might not be as bad as people wanted it to be, or at least thought it would be. But it sure conveys a pretty bad message and overall feeling. Yes, it might be sexy at times but it was never arousing nor appealing. But instead it gives you this sense of worry for Anastasia-played very well by Dakota Johnson-because she clearly has no identity or self respect, and so it can be somewhat dark and disturbing. Meanwhile, Christian-portrayed blandly by Jamie Dornan-is clearly a control freak that wants to use and control her but it is all extremely sugar coated, that it might even seem as true romance, but it is not for the most part. However, the movie was indeed very well directed by Sam Taylor-Johnson based on its material, and it's cinematography looked very nice as well. Also, the soundtrack of the movie was fairly good, but sometimes too distracting when played in the more erotic scenes. That said, the movie is not as graphic as you might think in my opinion, but still it has its moments of roughness. Moreover, as I mentioned before, the performances were partially good, mainly from Dakota Johnson who gives this awkwardness and lightness to her character in a very dark movie, but it is Jaime Dornan that clearly misses the mark and comes out as more secondary and kind of empty, only depending on his looks and attractiveness. Overall, this is surely one of those movies that people will love to hate, or at least that's how I feel, even though I'm still undecided what to really think, because it has much more than just this masochistic relationship, it's not as simple as black or white, and so that's what really challenges me to really analyze it and see what it is trying to say. Thus, it was entertaining but not quite as shocking, and it might not be the healthiest romance on film but still it has a big impact on today's society and culture, so hopefully it won't influence as much. But still, it is something "fun" and out of the ordinary to experience at the movie theater by yourself, and decide if you like it or not.~February 12, 2015~
평점: 8	리뷰: If you've read the books you're expecting a lot of steaming sex, bdsm and luxurious environments. And that's exactly what you'll see in this movie. I was a bit afraid that the producers should romanticize it but no, it's exactly like the book. Dakota Johnson is absolutely perfect as Anastasia Steele, the virgin college student who meets the dominant business man Christian Grey. Jamie Dornan is handsome and very sexy with intense eyes. Maybe a little bit stiff (I'll forgive him for that). Something that I really appreciates is that they've brought a little bit of humor in the movie. Looking forward for the next two movies.
평점: 2	리뷰: There was quite a huge build up to this movie, a Valentine release based on one of best selling books of 2011, lots of sex and nudity, this movie had everything to entertain, but alas it did not. It was rather dragged, boring and utterly un-entertaining. It was really torturous sitting through the running time and it felt rather a punishment to watch this movie. It might interest the blonde-haired monkey girls whose favorite movie is "Twilight" but surely not to anyone with even a little bit of taste for movies.You can surely give this movie a miss, rather give this movie a miss for your peace of mind. The two leads had no attractiveness but rather seemed half-dead, especially Dakota, who seemed like a zombie taken straight out of Zombieland.P.S: Anyone planning to force start their sexual life, take your girlfriend to this movie and she will surely breakup with you. Adios !
평점: 8	리뷰: So my girlfriend and I were invited by a group of colleagues (all female) to see this movie. I didn't know anything about it, except the trailer and I was intrigued, I was anxious to see it. My excitement was over as soon as my (male) colleagues heard I'm going to see it. They started to laugh that I'm actually going to see such a piece of garbage, I was called both a hero and gay. I didn't think much of it until I read all the reviews on IMDb hours before seeing the movie, and that's when I started to have second thoughts about it, seeing how people reviewed this movie.I'm really sorry this movie has such horrible reviews, it deserves much better. True, there's no complicated script, no fancy acting, no original lines, no adorable love story but maybe we're expecting the wrong things from this movie because it's considered as a romance and I really think it's not. It has nothing to do with romance, it is in fact about two different desires and passions and yet completely the same once you boil them down, two sides of a coin, if you will. It's about a man who has a different sexual desire than most men, who was abused as a child and is now quite proud of what he has become and sees nothing wrong with it... until he meets Anastasia, the only woman who manages to crack his fortress and even though she wants to please her master, she also wants her master to bend down to her desires and needs. Once this is clear, the movie becomes an intriguing roller-coaster of emotions, decisions, psychological struggle and compromises for both partners who both love each other and want each other and yet... can't find a common ground because none of them want to completely give in. How come the majority can't relate to that, is beyond me...I will surely watch this one again, maybe I will understand why everybody is giving this movie such a bad review. One thing is pretty clear: males just don't get this movie and that's the majority, I would bet it's the same majority of men that complain all their life about how women are soooo complicated and nobody can understand them. If you ask me, if you don't get this movie, you don't get women, or a good majority of them. I read many guys writing stuff like "do women actually go for that stuff, do they actually want to be abused and raped?" Well, you're probably the kind of guy who thinks he's awesome in bed, has the biggest penis and his women is satisfied after every 2 minutes of humping and then falling asleep, well... that's why women enjoy this movie, but we act all shocked about it. The fact that over one hundred young women around me in the cinema were giggling at every sexual dominant scene, proves my point and it also proves that they are missing something, but I guess to you they are just dumb. There was also the biggest crowd (of around 95% young women) I ever saw queue up in front of a cinema.And what's with all the hypocrisy ? you call this an anti-feminist movie after you call it's female audience dumb for watching it ? nice... You complain about the fact that it's abusive and "oh my god, how degrading to women", and yet... you rejoice at every action movie or thriller where a mad man is actually beating and raping or torturing women and girls ? how are those any better ? just because the focus is on the hero and how he saves the day, makes it less disturbing ? How about "12 years a slave" ? that wasn't abusive and degrading at all right ? no, it's an extraordinary piece of cinematography... right.Finally, I don't get all these complaints that it's abusive, it promotes anti-feminism, sexual molestation and rape... how can you people come up with such ideas ? Both partners in the movie agreed and wanted it, how does that make it rape ? If Anastasia is down with it and doesn't see it as rape, who are you to tell her she's wrong to think that ? And why all the complaints about this not being BDSM ? who said it should be ? it's not a documentary, it's about the sexual desire of a young man who was abused as a child, it might be twisted in your eyes, but as long as his partner is OK with it, then it's none of your business. How exactly is it abuse and rape if Anastasia wanted it and asked for it specifically ? And you're seriously calling this a porn movie ? I have seen comedy movies with famous actors being involved in more pornographic scenes, but somehow, we think nothing wrong of those movies. By the way, have any of you ever seen a "true" BDSM movie ? now THAT'S abuse and twisted! This movie is like a kiss in the park compared to some of the BDSM movies out there.
평점: 1	리뷰: No this is not entertainment. The actors themselves where traumatized after doing this movie. You are watching real violence, a real young women feeling really ashamed being humiliated not simply in a private room but in front of cameramen and film crew. Dakota Johnson herself said in several interviews that she hopes that nobody ever watches the movie. "I don't want my family to see it, because it's inappropriate. Or my brother's friends that I grew up with. Also there's part of me that's like, I don't want anyone to see this movie.all the money the actors got doesn't make up for the fact that they just add to the plight of women world wide. In South Africa a girl is raped every for minutes. The movie is sold out here. Now girls will be raped and tortured. Great. Thanks Hollywood.
평점: 10	리뷰: The movie wasn't bad. People here have over-sensationalized the movie; parroting to the tune of what the popular media machine wants them to believe. I am a woman (young and not middle aged I am in my 20's) and this movie was not degrading. It is a powerful love story between a man and a woman and it shows how love helps shape two people to create a unified whole. There have been worse movies out there namely; "Pretty Woman" that degrade women as a whole. "Pretty Woman" offered audiences a look at glamorizing prostitution like there was some pot of gold at the end of the prostitution rainbow. Any Disney princess movie degrades women (young and old) on a larger eclectic whole by teaching young women that only the beautiful get their dreams to come true; such an American sentiment. I have recommended that the only fault of this movie is to read the books. If you want to feel more in touch with these characters than reading the books is needed. Many average individuals no longer pick up a book to read and you surely are missing out on this story if you don't read. No book to film adaptation is perfect. If you want to go watch a love story that isn't your typical sort of love; this is your movie.
평점: 1	리뷰: This can be considered one of the worst movies of the century... 50 Shades of Grey is filled with bad acting and is very badly directed. Annoying and stupid, is simply an adaptation of a Fan-Fiction to cinema, from a mediocre novel by a mediocre writer. The importance of this movie (and the book) lives simply on the dirty minds of the 7 billion people that live in this planet. Well, it is not bad enough to receive 1... I gave 2 for trying. I thing that the Raspberry Awards AKA Razzie Awards have plenty of work in this one... In terms of quality I think this would be the "Schindler's List" (1993) of the Razzies. It is still better than "Kirk Cameron's Saving Christmas" and "Justin Bieber's Never Say Never" though.

영화제목: Suicide Squad
평점: 7	리뷰: Wow. Got out of the early screening earlier and was super surprised. First thing i want to talk about is Margot Robbie as Harley Quinn. She did an amazing job, at times it can be confusing because her voice switches from her signature Brooklyn accent to just a normal American voice but it works out perfectly. Jared Leto is great, he is a very controversial pick as the Joker but i think reactions will be mixed, I think he was fantastic though. Not enough of him either. Then there was Will Smith as Deadshot, he was more or less the main leader of the suicide squad (or the squad) Viola Davis as Amanda Waller was probably the best casting In a superhero movie since Rdj as Iron Man. She was so menacing and is such an amazing actress. Batfleck is in it for a little, you were expecting him to play into the story more, but every scene he was in the crowd was Cheering. Adewale Akinnuoye-Agbaje plays Killer Croc, who was good, but wasn't a stand-out like I was hoping, although they didn't really put him in it to much but he was still good. Diablo was an okay character, easily has the most bad ass powers in the squad though. People Do die. I'm not going to say who, but if you watch the trailers there is a certain somebody in the squad who you assume does die... If you know who that is then you know who dies. The first 15 minutes of the movie is pretty slow. It shows all the villain's backstories. Flash interacts with Boomerang which was an Amazing scene. The flash is awesome so hyped for Justice Leauge. All in all this movie had enough Comedy and Action to blend in to an amazing summer movie. I won't compare it to Bvs Or Captain America because it isn't fair, they are all good in there own way. I highly recommend it. Go see this movie in theaters August 5th and buy it on DVD when it comes out. It's highly worth your time.
평점: 1	리뷰: This is one of the worst films I've seen in years. The special effects are terrible(CGI), the script is garbage, and worst of all it is totally boring to boot. It's worse by far that the last DC films, including BvS.You feel a twinge of that let's-do-better ambition at the start of Suicide squad, as the camera soars over a clearly digital.Can we please get over the notion that every superhero in a skintight suit deserves a movie? Suicide squad can be compared with "amazing spider-man" and "Fantastic Four reboot".
평점: 1	리뷰: Suicide squad is so mediocre that its title seems like a violation of truth in advertising laws.Cartoonish effects and overacting make this more corn than catnip.Full of clichés, weak actors, artificial effects, script with many holes and to be the most expensive film in history of Hollywood, your income may not be as grand as Deadpool or Force awakens.It adds more grist for the mill to the notion that studios don't hit the big red "reboot" button in any other state than a panic.Can we please get over the notion that every superhero in a skintight suit deserves a movie?
평점: 1	리뷰: I went to Cinema and see that Suicide squad is on the premiere. Suicide squad makes Amazing spider man look like the Citizen Kane of Superhero movies. A failure of a film that is worse than BvS (my god... was that possible?) Everything is bad: -The direction is shoddy and nothing flows, feels all over the place. Acting is lifeless beyond belief (Like... Hayden Christensen lifeless).Script is awful and they rewrote the script for the thousandth time. Editing seems to be done by blind drunks. - CGI is worse than PLAYSTATION 2.Ending is....... well bad is all I can say. Jared leto's joker remembered me Joel schumacher's villains. The excessive action scenes are just there to fill out the plot holes in this empty story. Overall one of the worst superhero team movies.
평점: 10	리뷰: When I watched the movie on a premier screening, I thought to myself, 'Did David Ayer(director)really pull the highest potential to direct this movie? Why was he chosen when they're thousand of other great directors who have made bigger names than him?' He mostly directed bloody and gory films, but this was a litter tamer (little blood) than his other movies. I felt frantic when the movie showed us the first few mins as I'm a big fan of the movie.I rarely wrote reviews but I need this one in my document. Worst heroes ever including Harley Quinn, Deadshot, El Diablo, Katana, Killer Croc and Slipknot, grouped together to form a high elite team after the government hesitant that Superman was no longer a vigilante, but a destroyer of humanity's properties. The first 30 mins was a bit slow as they built up each of the villain's stories.But let me remind you, it has no flaws. When they arrived at the abandoned city, I could feel the nerve started to wreak havoc on my body, the gloomy images were so eerie yet I couldn't keep my eyes off the screen, the CGI was absolutely stunning!Margot Robbie was almost perfect as Harley Quinn, but there were a few times she was trying hard to be Harley. Other times, she pulled her favorable skill to the highest peak! Will Smith was good as Deadshot, it's just that the way he talked reminded me of his past movies. I love Jai Courtney as Boomerang! Many have I talked to claim that he didn't deserve any recognition in the latest Terminator, but I guess he has proved it wrong this time. His character as jinx and bogan attitudes who liked to drink lots and lots of booze suit his acting well. The new girl who held the role as Katana should give a standing ovation. If not mistaken, this was her first acting in Hollywood. Joel Kinnaman played Rick Flag as the daddy of them all, he's like the more aggressive robocop this time, and the only person that he really had a faith of trust was Katana. Killer Croc was scary, El Diablo stole the show when his hands were on fire! Slipknot was the least good, he could only play with ropes. I don't want to judge Jared Leto's performance, people can argue this for days, but he deserved an A+ for it.The action scenes began 10 minutes after they trekked into the city. To cut it short, I ABSOLUTELY LOVE THE STUNT. I shouldn't have hesitated David at all. Flash made a cameo for a while, should watch it yourself. So hilarious!The $175 million budget ($250 million was a fraud) was wisely spent, I guaranteed people who loved action films would love this movie. Precisely better than Batman Vs Superman and Captain America 3. This is the best film in 2016! 100/100
평점: 9	리뷰: The fact that, it has been a just been a day or two and the reviews are spilling so much venom against the Suicide Squad, has made me wonder, that why are such mean reviews being posted? But then I've came to realise that these are the reviews from fans of DC rival comic-verse. So I request you all to please ignore such reviews.Now coming to the topic, I am a movie enthusiast and would like to share that the movie was very good overall. Tone of the movie was dark, however it also had very good humor added to it (unlike Batman v Superman). The effects were good, the acting, the story-line and the pace with which the story-line went, although for first couple of minutes, the story was rushing a bit, but then it slowed down and started getting "really, really "interesting"!' I would not like to spoil the movie much, but *spoilers alert*, some of the scenes by Joker, Margot Robbie and Will Smith received great applause from the audience, and then obviously there was this Flash scene. I would grade the film, a solid A+ and give out a score of 9 out of 10!
평점: 2	리뷰: Honestly, saying it was an average movie is really generous. It was really bad compared to all the hype. It was really clear that they were trying to appeal to the lowest common denominator because the movie was oversaturated with cheap jokes. The direction was all over the place, the acting was mediocre, and I feel like they rushed everything because they spent so much time introducing everyone and everything. The script was so bad and the directing was bad too. Most of the characters were meh, but Jared Leto as The Joker was absolute trash. His portrayal was so bad that I wanted to walk up and leave. This movie was way too over-hyped and I expect many people to be very disappointed.
평점: 6	리뷰: Seriously man had a lot of expectations around this movie. But just like Batman v Superman: DOJ it disappointed me more then Batman v superman. Things that I hate most. Action- plain bad, hows is this even called superhero movie. CGI - It was so realistic that u can even see which parts are CGI. Story: u have seen the trailer right ? yeah that's all. Acting: All of their acting was amateurs like they'r paid less except Waller's. Starting: slow paced idiotic things. Editing: Oh god..... somebody please help DC out. JOKER: A wannabe joker no near close Heath. And the rest of the movie is full of clichés and bad jokes and unnecessary shenanigans that anyone can think of.
평점: 8	리뷰: I'm gonna start this review by saying that Robbie was good,some corny lines,but she was still good,Leto is good for the amount of screen time he got,definitely will be a great Joker if he gets more screen time the next time he appears,and if you have to know,he's not better than Jack or Heath,but i liked his performance,some choppy editing,the Batman cameo was amazing,i loved Croc as well,but the best performance is by Will Smith as Deadshot and Joel Kinnamann as Rick Flag,they absolutely killed it,the villain was weak,Amanda Waller is a boss,the mid credits scene is also very cool,the movie had me on the edge of my seat,while not a amazing film,it's still very good,i think that this'll be the first DCEU movie that will get good reviews,and also the soundtrack is great.
평점: 1	리뷰: Just saw a preview screening of this and have to say it was mediocre at best. It had character chemistry however that's really all. And jam packing all these villains didn't make it any better although the trailer made it seem it was going to be epic.. To me the main problem with this movie was the way it was directed. It felt very compact and if you are familiar with Ayers other movies and watch this you will see exactly what I mean. There is no sense of spacial awareness and moves from scene to scene without much depth or anything to have you wishing you could go back to watch that part again. Pretty much the whole movie was like this so yeah will not be watching this for maybe at least another 2 years and that's a maybe. Story line sucked too pretty much identical to the new Ghostbusters flick. Sorry guys 5 out of 10.
평점: 1	리뷰: I went into this movie with pretty low expectations, especially after seeing Batman v Superman: Dawn of Justice. It is now clear to me that DC Extended Universe makes flawed movies that pander to their audience.The Joker was a combination of all the previous Jokers, but like in a 2 Chains music- video kind of way. Harley Quinn's character got really old, really fast. Deadshot was boring and had no purpose. Rick Flag and Enchantress? Completlely awful. The rest are just there.The movie has no plot and the plot twists are pointless. The CG is awful. The director must have forgotten to direct. The cameos are cheap tricks by the studio. All in all: No.
평점: 2	리뷰: Maybe Suicide Squad is not as bad as Man of Steel or Batman V Superman but still quite bad. As expected, it's poorly written on every level. Every single character feels shallow and one dimensional and again justlike the first two tries from the DCU it's as we all feared. Word of mouth will very much hurt this effort because the trailer tried to fool viewers in to thinking this movie is something it's not. It's mangled and, frankly, has no heart at all. I know blindly loyal fanboys everywhere are circling the wagons to praise this movie but that in and of itself proves what I'm saying. Fanboys wanted to like it and apparently will look past all of its flaws no matter what actually hits the screen. We saw it with BvS and we are seeing it here.Just like with BvS, everyone is saying or will soon be saying that Suicide Squad is a dumb popcorn flick at best but really nothing special. How can a film follow something that's bad two times over but still give anyone high expectations? Yet, thanks to good trailers, that's exactly what happened.The actual movie AGAIN leads to general disappointment especially if you're not already a fan. Campy, cheesy fluff pretending to be dark and serious usually fizzles out fast. Yet, as MOS and BvS proved this may be another indestructible franchise that won't die no matter how bad the stuff they churn out. A truly disappointing waste of film.
평점: 10	리뷰: Best superhero movie ever!!!!Love this filmed better than Civil War, B v S, Deadpool way too good. Loved the acting and the script was amazing!!!!. Jared Leto was an amazing joker. Loved this movie. The effects, acting, script and everything was on point!!!. Will Smith waz sooo funny and amazing. Everything waz too good and I believe DC has finally done it. But I lived Amanda Waller she was sooo bad.Pros - Script - Effects - ActorsAmazing Movie EverCons - Could have been longer and extended the story
평점: 7	리뷰: There could be some spoilers, but I will keep them to a minimum.The movie premiered in my country and I got to see it. I give it a 7/10.What bothered me: - Not much big villain character development for us to care at all. Couldn't understand who the hell is the enchantress' brother and his connection to her, and they barely appeared in like 1/4 of the movie, didn't care much about them. - Not enough focus on the special abilities of each member of the squad and what makes them special and different from each other. - Not enough Joker presence, but I understand he wasn't supposed to be over-present in the movie.Joker was great for me and Harley Quinn is the best in the movie. Viola Davis (Waller) and Will Smith delivered outstanding performances.
평점: 4	리뷰: I won't lie, the movie isn't perfect. A few jokes fall flat, and make those moments awkward, but the rest is superb. The acting was more than I expected out of this movie. In terms of acting, I'll go in order of my top 3: Robbie, Leto, and Smith. All of their portrayals are excellent. El Diablo is a nice surprise, his character made us feel for him, maybe even more-so than the top stars. Leto knocks it out of the park. As a Ledger fanboy, I was dreading his performance, but his character was amazing down to the slightest movement. No amount of dialogue is wasted nor any simple movement is wasted. Overall, the movie was great, again, some awkward script, but the action scenes are done extremely well and the acting is great. 8/10. Leagues above Batman v Superman in my opinion.
평점: 10	리뷰: suicide squad is a wonderful and fun movie for you and your friends . it is so much better than batman vs superman and a lot more fun than the past dc movies . this could be the movie that saves dc from the bad reputation it has because of batman v superman . Harley Quinn was awesome , Margot Robbie did a great job but the joker wasn't as good as Heath Ledger's joker . katana , captain boomerang , killer croc , and enchantress as well as rick flag were great but el diablo was a little dull . and slipknot , well , he wasn't in the movie for so long . at the end this movie is a great movie and worth your time that's why I give it a 9/10 .
평점: 10	리뷰: It's just so amazing. Harley, the Joker, Deadshot, the Enchantress...it's all just so spectacular. The chemistry between the whole Suicide Squad is uncannily amazing. Nearly everything about the movie is absolutely perfect. A fanboy's dream come true. Now don't get me wrong, there are a few things wrong with the movie (Joker's screen time and the pacing of the movie, mostly), but it's just not enough to bring the rating down to a 9. The movie is so much fun even without sacrificing the dark tone that it has. It definitely pushes the PG-13 rating that it has to the absolute limit. Overall, just an amazing film. Definitely recommend it, especially if you liked Guardians of the Galaxy, Batman v Superman, and The Dark Knight.
평점: 7	리뷰: Well... I think Suicide Squad is a new kind of movie. It's like Fantastic Four + Deadpool + Zombie Movie. Zombie? YES. It's like a special force was sent to a city with zombie apocalypse. Nice experience but don't be over-hyped. This movie is okay, but not really good. If you remember, MoS and BvS was controversial, some people said that DCEU was over, but I think Suicide Squad save it. This movie will be not controversial as MoS/BvS, because it's okay, it's entertaining, unique, maybe the first DCEU movie with positive reviews.Positive things : 1. This is a new kind of movie, nice experience 2. Superb action scenes 3. Harley Quin is amazing 4. Overall more entertaining than BvS/MoSNegative things : 1. Jokes was not funny, especially Will Smith's jokes 2. The Joker is not cool, he is just a pointless crazy gangster 3. The CGI was meh 4. The hype is too damn high
평점: 6	리뷰: Despite the fact that Zack Snyder is credited as an executive producer of Suicide Squad, David Ayer's film is essentially the antithesis of Snyder's Batman v Superman: Dawn of Justice. Whereas Snyder's film was overstuffed, dragged out, and took itself too seriously, Ayer's film is nearly the polar opposite. Suicide Squad nails the concept of an ensemble cast. Each character is given nearly equal amounts of screen time, and every character is given enough depth in order to stand out and keep the film interesting. Normally comic book adaptations try to cram too many characters into any given film, but Suicide Squad gets it right. Similarly, most comic book adaptations suffer from an extended running time, allowing the film to feel boring and painfully slow at times. However, Suicide Squad is wildly fast-paced and never seems to have a dull moment. A 130-minute running time felt more like 90 minutes. In addition, the film boats a spectacular soundtrack, which really contributes to the fast-paced nature of the film and serves to keep things fun. However, one could argue that the film's fast pace and nonstop action serve to distract viewers from the numerous flaws lurking within the film. Perhaps the biggest difference between Snyder's film and Ayer's film is the fact that Suicide Squad doesn't take itself too seriously. That point is made perfectly clear early on in the film when each character is introduced in quick, flashy montages. With that said, this is a film that doesn't want to be taken too seriously. If you are going to nitpick the film or compare it to previous works, you most likely will walk away unhappy. However, if you do not take the film too seriously then it truly is a fun time. Suicide Squad manages to strike the perfect balance between darkness and lightheartedness, something that previous DC adaptations lacked. While the film benefited from a pretty stellar marketing campaign, the marketing may have been misleading seeing as the Joker doesn't have much of a presence in the film. Nonetheless, this is probably for the best because the Joker was quite possibly the worst aspect of the film. The costume design is just atrocious and turns the Joker into a parody of himself. While Jared Leto provides a satisfyingly menacing performance, the strength of his performance is hindered by his physical appearance. The real showstoppers here are Margot Robbie and Will Smith. While Robbie's performance is likely to face plenty of criticism due to this being the first live- adaptation of Harley Quinn, I truly cannot think of an actress more perfect for the role. She remarkably captures the contrast between Harley Quinn and Harleen Quinzel. Meanwhile, Will Smith steals nearly every scene he's in and his comedic-timing is absolutely effortless. While Suicide Squad may not be perfect, it's refreshing to have a DC adaptation that doesn't take itself too seriously. Suicide Squad is also refreshing for those unhappy with the lack of diversity in comic book adaptations, Will Smith even pointed out during the premiere how diverse the cast is. It's also refreshing to have a film that focuses on the villains, because after a while the hero stories just become repetitive and dull. In a sense, Suicide Squad is DC's answer to Marvel's Guardians of the Galaxy – a fun, action-packed adventure that humanizes the bad guys and features a killer soundtrack. As long as viewers don't overanalyze and nitpick the film, this is guaranteed to be the most fun viewers have at a DC film.
평점: 4	리뷰: I just got out of a local premier of this movie and I set-up this account to give my first every review.OK now we got that out way.. For all the action this is a very boring movie. A weak plot, obvious script and average directing see this movie packed with quality actors fail. Robbie and Letto seem to be the only interesting actors/characters and will almost guarantee a spin off based on their good chemistry. Will Smith as deadshot comes off as a nothing character who's angst is framed around a story line that we've all seen to many times. I've already forgotten the other characters and I only finished seeing this movie 1hr ago.I'm not going to say don't see it but go in with superman not batman expectations.
평점: 10	리뷰: I'm happy to say, Suicide Squad is a better film than Batman v Superman. Not only did it have balanced fun and seriousness (Unlike BvS), it also however made you tense in some scenes and they all were seriously well done. The action in the film was quite pleasing and though I was worried at first about the fight scenes, they were not disappointing and absolutely enjoyable. The only slight issue there is, is that Will Smith as Deadshot just felt like Will Smith playing Will Smith, and he didn't really build up to the character from the comics. Jared Leto's Joker was surprisingly well matched for the Film, and is easily my favorite movie Joker next to Heath. The Flash cameo was shocking to see, and it was a nice treat throughout the movie. Batman in this movie, was freaking scary just as the Director Said, and Ben Affleck as always, didn't disappoint his take on Batman in this movie. Overall I give this Movie a 10/10, Masterpiece. It was fun, sometimes brooding, action-packed, funny, and overall amazing. Suicide Squad was outstanding.
평점: 8	리뷰: Had a chance to watch the early screening and I gotta say: This film is great! A very well written and good casting unlike BvS. I am glad to see DC make a big impact. I have always been an admirer of Marvel films, but DC have really impressed me with this film. Leto's Joker might not be the best joker out there, or maybe not better than Ledger's but the guy did astonishingly well! People might have a negative reaction towards his performance but it's only because Heath set the bar very high. After Heath, if anyone can perform Joker well, it has got to be Leto. So if you are in for Leto only then it's better you don't watch it. Talking about other performances, Margot Robbie tops the list with crazy and chaotic performance of Harley Quinn. That annoying voice of Harley's might not be there but her evilness and nuisance is surely there. Jai Courtney's portrayal of Boomerang is on spot! His performance will surely make you hate his character by the end of the film and that's how the producers want us to feel. And the fact that there is a bit of Batman in this makes it even more awesome! Of course there are some things bad about this film and that includes less on-screen time for Joker and an unnecessary addition of Slipknot. Verdict: Suicide Squad is a decidedly different flavor than Batman v Superman. It goes for subversive, funny and stylish, and it succeeds wildly during the first act. But then the movie turns into something predictable and unexciting. Captain Boomerang, Amanda Waller and Harley Quinn nail their roles, and Deadshot makes a fine cinematic debut. But it's not the best DC film out there however it surely is a bigger improvement than MOS and BvS.
평점: 7	리뷰: I have watched this film 4 days ahead of its release at Regal Fenway, Boston (Thanks to Warner Brothers Invitation).This is a fast paced, comic and CGI filled movie. The character introduction is well done. Will Smith, Margot Robbie steal the show. The story is "Assembling a bunch of bad guys against a super villain whose motive is to wipe off the earth". (Story of Avengers 1, Avengers 2, Batman, etc). There is nothing new about the story, but the director David Ayer did a great job introducing the characters and building the story. Poor characterization, some poor dialogues and erratic screenplay are the side effects of a week story line. Except Deadshot, Harley Quinn and Diablo, the other characters seemed to be underdeveloped. The Good: - Jai courney as the Boomerang was a great comic relief and he reminds us of DCs attempts to include comedy in their apparent Dark and gritty films. - Diablo was fun to watch, though some things at the end of the movie regarding this character are un explained. - Great directing within the constrains of the story. - Fantastic lead by Will SmithThe Bad - Poor CGI - Villain(s) with poor motive - Viola Davis' poor characterization - Wrong timing for comedy. - You clearly see the audience and critics making an impact on the film. DC was blamed for being too dark unlike marvel and you can see the screen writers deliberately including funny one liners in un- necessary scenes.Overall, it is a great summer film. If you step into the movie hall with less or zero expectations (like me) you are going to have fun.Special mention about the Joker.Jared Leto: The method actor who underwent a lot of physical and mental training is put down as he gets less screen time to show his skills off. It was reported that Jared Leto shut himself from the world and completely transformed into the role of Joker. Will Smith also admitted he never got to know the real actor behind. That said, you will go to the movies to see all the talent unused and given less screen time.
평점: 7	리뷰: In a "black site" buried amidst the swamps of Louisiana, the worst of the worst of criminals and evildoers are locked away. This collection of psychopaths are so murderous and irredeemable that - of course - they must surely possess the moral righteousness to work together as a team to stop extraterrestrial terrorists and save the day. Song after song (everything from Grace to Eminem) plays out to introduce each role, though the statistics that dance on screen aren't enough to build a worthwhile backstory. The audience is later subjected to numerous flashbacks to fill in more details (all of which only makes the personas less believable and relatable), as well as that cardinal sin of editing: the flashback to a scene witnessed earlier in the movie. The group of uncontrollable killers consists of Harley Quinn (Margot Robbie), Deadshot (Will Smith), Boomerang (Jai Courtney), Diablo (Jay Hernandez), and Killer Croc (Adewale Akinnuoye-Agbaje), each possessing a special skill or a super power - or just martial arts training or great strength.The editing - something along the lines of a music video - is part of what makes this whole adventure so dull. Countless scenes drop off as if excised not for time constraints but for disagreeable content; poses are struck and slow-motion is abused; and sequences build up to punchlines that fizzle out completely or escalate into a chaos of lights and sounds and CG frill. Writer/director David Ayer seems to have crafted a hard R-rated picture, only to have all of the edgier seconds ripped away, leaving unintelligible segues and a sense of goofiness to replace sincerity. "Suicide Squad" isn't nearly as serious as it needed to be, especially if viewers are meant to witness the acts of these crazies in awe; it's mostly clichéd dialogue, meager insults, and action that is too obscured by computer-animated monstrosities."The world changed when Superman flew across the sky," insists Amanda Waller (Viola Davis), the human ringleader of the covert assignment - and a reminder that in any superhero movie, the U.S. government is usually the first to pose a threat. Perhaps the worst part of it all is the design of the antagonists, which defies description - and certainly defies definition from the film itself. Meta-human witches and otherworldly entities just don't fit into the universe of Batman; if there was anything even remotely realistic about a caped crimefighter and his maniacal archenemy, this take on the Dark Knight turns everything into over-the-top superpowers duking it out with supernatural gods. The threat of death and the struggle to accomplish a mission hold no weight when magic can be used to do anything - and when characters can die and reappear without any explanations.It's baffling that this movie struggled with its storyline to such a distressing degree. It should have been the simple formula of "Con Air" or "The Dirty Dozen" with Batman's villains. But it wasn't enough just to build an A-Team (or an Expendables battery) of baddies (dubbed Task Force X); the film also had to include a love story with the Joker (Jared Leto), a love story between the Enchantress (Cara Delevingne) and military man Rick Flag (Joel Kinnaman), a blackmail scheme, a motivational explosive device implanted in the unwilling draftees' necks (stolen from "Escape from New York"), and a subplot to summon the soul of the Enchantress' dead brother. There are so many unnecessary asides and utterly pointless characters that some are debuted to fulfill a single idea - such as Adam Beach's Slipknot, who doesn't even get to demonstrate his forte, and Karen Fukuhara's Katana, who arrives just as the squad is deployed, dispensing with having to appear previously in a sensible introduction. Plus, it's never explained why the government can't simply recruit dependable meta-humans like Superman; there can't be solely evil superheroes running about.Even though the structuring of the film is obnoxious, the character designs and origins are ridiculous, and the finale is so nonsensical that it proves that everything transpiring beforehand is of zero consequence, Margot Robbie is spot-on as Harley Quinn. It's impossible to imagine a better live-action representation for the role; she looks the part, acts the part, and speaks in one-liners with that catty, cavalier, coquettish demonstration of bipolarity and derangement so authentic to the source material. She's good enough to have received her own movie. Sadly, everything else about "Suicide Squad" is so pitiful that her stunning embodiment is likely to be dragged down by the rest of the inferiority.The Massie Twins
평점: 7	리뷰: This movie was a lot of fun. The characters were great and they gave each one a backstory so they were more than just criminals forced to do a job by Amanda Waller.Batman made two appearances in flashbacks, first when he captured Deadshot in Deadshot's backstory of how he ended up in Belle Reve. Then we saw him capture Harley Quinn.We got to see Harley Quinn as a psychiatrist who was manipulated by the Joker, we see him hit her with electroshock therapy which led to her being crazy. We got to see her in that classic costume from the animated series, which was awesome.We saw Deadshot with his kid, and that he willingly turned himself in to Batman (who left him for the cops) because his daughter told him he could be better.The rest of them had their backstories too, but probably the most interesting one was Captain Boomerang. Not because it was interesting (he was just robbing a bank and then got caught), but the fact that we got our first appearance of Ezra Miller as The Flash in full costume. It was a very brief cameo, but it was awesome.We saw Enchantress' backstory and her ties to Rick Flagg, and then everyone else's stories, but outside of El Diablo they weren't as good as Harley and Deadshot's.The movie is about Enchantress reviving her ancient brother to help her wipe mankind off the face of the Earth because they betrayed her and no longer worship her as they did in the old days. The Squad is put together (forced into it with chips in their necks that will be detonated if they try to leave or kill any of Waller's people) to retrieve Waller from Midway City and put a stop to Enchantress.Joker and Harley were the best part of the whole movie (besides Batman and Flash making an appearance). Margot Robbie was great as Harley Quinn. She had the look and she pulled off the quirky, crazy personality of Harley. Jared Leto's Joker was pretty creepy. He was so possessive of Harley, killing a man in a flashback for disrespecting her, and going to great lengths to get her back. He's not in the movie much, but what he is in the movie, he steals the show. I can only hope with Joker busting Harley out of prison at the end of the film that we get to see more of them together in the future in a Batman movie.The action was great, it had some humor (which seems to be the only thing most people care about in comic movies these days with whiny "where's the humor?" if a movie is darker than an episode of Spongebob Squarepants).The characters were all interesting, except Slipknot, but I'll get to him later. My biggest beef with the movie was that overly long slow-mo sequence at the end when they beat Enchantress. It went on so long I practically yelled "Just get on with it!!" There was a nice nod to the comics between Captain Boomerang and Slipknot. Captain Boomerang, unsure if the bombs in their necks are legit or just a way to keep them in line, tricks Slipknot into believing it's mind games and convinces him to make a run for it with him. Slipknot starts to escape, and is immediately killed by Flagg who blows his head off remotely. They did that gag in an earlier issue from the 80s or 90s (can't remember which). Where the bombs were on their wrists and Slipknot got his arm blown off so Boomerang could see if the threat was real or not. I enjoyed the reference.I personally don't see why the movie has a 26% on Rotten Tomatoes. Just because it's not part of the MCU with it's already tired formula of McGuffins, quip after quip after quip even from serious characters, 1-dimensional villains, and actors who phone it in more and more with each movie doesn't mean it's a bad movie. See it for yourself and form your own opinion. That's what I did. Ignoring reviews from paid stooges who would praise a bad movie just for an agenda (Ghostbusters 2016) or ignore gaping problems in a Marvel movie just to go with the bandwagon (Captain America: Civil War's gaping plot holes) is how you can think for yourself. Too many people make what some critic says "their opinion" before a movie is even out. I know a lot of people who decide they hate a movie or love a movie before it's even released based on "professional critics." See it for yourself and judge it for yourself.9/10. Lots of fun, but that slow-mo scene was so annoying.P.S. Mid-credit scene has Bruce Wayne and sets up Justice League
평점: 9	리뷰: To all those who prefer a dark tone in movies with some humor, this one would not disappoint. I still don't understand why so much hate from critics again. Are they trying to stop DC from making movies; if that's the case that ain't going to stop. I loved both MOS & BVS, this one is also kick-ass. Packed with lots of action sequences and humor and cameos, its an absolute fun movie. Yes, it does have a different approach than BVS but both are great in their own ways. David Ayer as the director was so cool. Soundtrack and Score was awesome. Now speaking of the performances, Margot Robbie as Harley Quinn is jaw dropping. She alone is the reason enough to watch this film. Will Smith is just fantastic. Jared Leto made another iconic Joker performance but he should've had more screen time. Leto's joker is good but not better than Heath's as set up a high bar in terms of performance. Amanda Waller was a mean scary agent and that's a good point as it was needed to bring the bad guys together.Batfleck is always fun to watch. The Flash cameo was cool too.Killer Croc, El Diablo, Rick Flag, Katana, Cap Boomerang; all were good. And Slipknot - why was he there even in the first place??? And as it goes for the critics, Rick Flag's got a few words "seriously, what the hell is wrong with you people?" - to which their answer is "we're the worse guys, we rate DC movies as BAD".... SERIOUSLY!Overall: the movie is good. Could've had more run time as its an hour less than BVS ultimate cut, and some more joker in it but its still a fun watch anyways. Definitely recommended.
평점: 3	리뷰: Let me preface this by saying that I did enjoy Batman v Superman the first time I saw it in theaters. So don't down vote me because you think I'm some kind of Marvel fanboy(I can count on one hand the amount of MCU films I actually enjoyed)..But this is not a great movie. Already the "fans"(read: fanboys) are outraged that it is getting bad reviews, but the fact is: It's getting bad reviews because it deserves it. It's a story about a group of people with special powers that has to learn to work together to stop a generic CGI army and close some kind of portal/hole in the sky. Just like The Avengers, X-Men: Apocalypse, similar to Man Of Steel, yeah a bunch of movies have done this.It starts out with a series of flashy montages that went on way too long, all of a sudden something happens and they skip ahead a bunch of chapters in a couple minutes. The pacing issues luckily ends there, and the second act is pretty enjoyable. One of the best characters from the first half of the movie disappears though which sucks, they could have solved that in a different way to keep the character in play. The third act is where it goes full on generic "superhero". And then it stops short. No real aftermath or anything.It does have a post credit scene, but it is totally negated by them dropping the Justice League trailer a couple weeks ago.
평점: 10	리뷰: I went to an advance screening of Suicide Squad at Event Cinema George Street Sydney on Monday with my brother and mum.Between us; 3 completely different expectations.I've read comics my whole life (from ALL publishers). Big comic book geek. Huge fan of Harley Quinn from as far back as when she was first created for the 1992 Batman Animated Series. I know everything there is about these characters and had high hopes. This movie gets the characters perfect. I absolutely loved it.My brother is 21, never read a comic in his life. Never watched the Batman or Justice League etc cartoons but has watched avengers, Ironman, Dark Knight and most of the comic book movies from the last 10ish years. Didn't know really anything about the characters coming into the movie. He absolutely loved it.My mum; never read a comic in her life, hasn't watched any of the other superhero movies. She loves romantic 'the notebook' type movies, not really into action, comedy or sci-fi at all, and definitely not the comic book movie genre. She loved it, can't wait to see it again.The standouts for me -Margot Robbie absolutely nails it and does tremendous justice to one of my all time favourite characters in fiction. Could now not imagine anyone else in the role of Harley. Exceeded expectations of a live action Harley Quinn, which I've been waiting for for over 20 years for now. Did not disappoint. Harley Solo film ASAP please.Jared Leto is the most true to comics, true to the character version we've had on film - he's awesome. My favourite Joker (well, behind Mark Hamill's animated joker). Looking forward to seeing more of Leto's Joker in future DCEU instalments.The whole cast is great, so I won't go into details about how great they each played their respective characters, but they all knocked it out of the park. Would be happy to see any or all of them turn up in future movies.I'm gonna see Suicide Squad at least twice more in the cinemas, probably more and then buy it on blue ray the day it comes out. 10/10
평점: 7	리뷰: After a solid 12 months of some fairly loud hype, the "worst heroes ever" have finally been unleashed on the anticipating world in a film that in many ways will make or break DC comics plans for blockbuster domination and while David Ayer's much talked about film is not able to live up to all the expectations it has been fairly or unfairly burdened with, it's unquestionable that Suicide Squad is a silly and often deliriously fun thrill ride that will likely have popcorn munching audiences clambering for more.Filled with an array of colourful characters (debatably to many so) and tasked with combining them all together to make a cohesive and structured whole, End of Watch and Fury helmer Ayer struggles with the balancing act in the films opening stand and there's undoubtable teething issues for the film as it try's to introduce us to each member of this new fan-dangled squad of evil doers.The film bares scars of the reshoots and likely studio led editing suite meddling that went on behind the scenes and a raft of the squad's players get short shift and the films plot line barely has time to breathe before we are all of a sudden thrust into yet another big bad trying to destroy the world as we know it, which isn't fantastic as the films central threat and narrative drive isn't all that much chop and feels as though it may've suffered from the creative teams soundtrack shortlisting work rather than story polishing.These shortcomings however are quickly mostly forgotten about as the rag tag group of antiheroes begin to get their individual moments to shine as their mission takes hold and while as expected the film is mostly the Margot Robbie and Will Smith show there's ample joys to be found outside of Harley Quinn (and her uncomfortable looking hot pants) and Deadshot (laboured with one atrociously cheesy flashback sequence) with supports like Jai Courtney's Aussie larrikin Boomerang, Jay Hernandez's fiery Diablo and Adewale Akinnuoye-Agbaje's grizzled Killer Croc. The film could've almost doubled these side players on screen time without question, although with Smith and Robbie on such winning form it's easy to see why the film always reverts back to these key players.Suicide Squad's other participants all have varying degrees of success and shortcomings and in one case an hilariously short screen time.Viola Davis's cold and calculated government agent Amanda Waller is someone not to be messed with, while Cara Delevingne proves once more she's a model with great acting potential. It's perhaps surprising then that personally I found Jared Leto's Joker the most curiously hard turn to judge and taking the Heath Ledger factor entirely out of the equation, Leto's 10 to 15 minutes worth of screen time (those expecting the Joker show may be disappointed) as the crazed clown is a performance that will be interesting to see judged once the movie going public has had time to contemplate it, but overall it does feel like the films largest disappointment when it comes to hype verse delivery.It's not that Leto is bad perse, but there's something just not quite right about his grilled up incarnation of the beloved comic book figure although it could be argued that his vision of the killer clown is being harnessed and moulded for more of what's sure to come.Not a cinematic masterpiece by any stretch of the imagination and sometimes a frustratingly inert experience that was in need of a much better plot, big bad and perhaps even more memorable action ticks and pure spectacle, Suicide Squad will be lapped up by audiences around the world and should keep a large portion of its established fan base happy, as there's little denying the films fun factor when our crazy group of antiheroes take centre stage with the cast playing them is clearly having the time of their lives.The worst heroes ever therefore make for some far from boring guilty pleasure good times.3 1/2 downed choppers out of 5
평점: 8	리뷰: First, i think something is up, critic ratings are mediocre, audience is good, 8.5 out of 6,000 reviews from audience. Its set up, this movie is fantastic. Will Smith (Deadshot) and Margot Robbie (Harley Quinn) are great. But Cara Delevingnes Enchantress is the ultimate "adversary" . She is beautiful and her acting is so well done. The story is great, the third act is a little bit screwy, but has a great finale. A bit messy to be honest, but in all a fun roller-coaster from start to finish. The casting, pacing, acting, story, and fun factor are all there and well. Its a summer blockbuster at its best. I would extremely recommend watching this. Best Dc movie since Dark Knight. And im not a DC fanboy, i love marvel. Civil war was great. Hated Xmen Apocalypse, and loved deadpool. Im not being bias, im giving a honest true review. 8.5/10.
평점: 6	리뷰: Oh my god! What a wonderful movie! I really don't know what's wrong with the critics. Definitely, we didn't see the same movie. Suicide Squad is one of the best super-hero movies I ever saw. Amazing script, amazing actors and amazing direction. It's incredible the way that David Ayer made the interaction of the characters between themselves. I will write below about the "stars" of Suicide Squad. (KEEP CALM! THERE'S NO SPOILERS!)The Joker: Jared Leto is one of the best living actors. You really think he's crazy on real life because his voice, his maniac look, and his facials expressions are not from a sane person. I'm sorry Cesar Romero and Heath Ledger, but Jared Leto is the real Joker, he seems that he escaped from the comics, like Jack Nicholson did, and is on the real world. I cried like a kid who earned his first bike. Amazing, amazing and amazing!Harley Queen: I'm in love with Margot Robbie. Her sweet voice, sweet face and sweet personality made her a personification of the Animated Series' Harley Queen. At the right moment she's very violent. Her interaction with Jared is beautiful. Although he treats her as a tool, he loves her. Deadshot: The classic Will Smith from action movies: tough, make us laugh a bit, and worried with his family. I remembered his character on "I Am Legend". I really liked.Captain Boomerang: Man, this guy deserves to be on the Flash movie. He's very very funny, a real troglodyte and a crazy bastard. A perfect villain.Batman: I though he appears more, but what really matters is: Ben Affleck is the best Batman. The scene where he persecutes Joker and Harley will make fans cry of emotion. I won't explain each character because you must see them with your own eyes. Please, don't listen the bad critics and go watch Suicide Squad! You will not regret!P.S. If you are asking yourself if Suicide Squad is better than Batman vs Superman, the answer is YES.
평점: 10	리뷰: *** POSSIBLE SPOILERSThis movie is fun, action packed, funny and greatly cast and is a movie worth you're time and money.Pros: - Amazing Cast - Jared Leto Joker - Margot Robbie Harley Quinn - Batman cameo - Easy to follow and linear plotCons: - Some forced fed references to other DC cinematic titles that didn't fill right. - Little JokeThis movie is a must see and is by far the best film in the cinematic universe and makes up for the expectation let down of Batman V Superman.
평점: 3	리뷰: Suicide is another disappointing entry into the DCEU, as it threw away the potential for a fun, light-hearted story and instead replaced it with the dark tone (and some humour) we have come to expect from this film franchise. Will Smith is by far the best part of this movie, delivering us his usual, charismatic charm and addition to this, Margot Robbie, Jai Courtney and Viola are great in their roles respectively. Where the film falters in terms of performance however, is through Cara Delevingne's disappointing representation of Enchantress (in which she was given a role that was utilized in the story much more than expected/needed), Jared Leto as the Joker, where he just seemed to be doing a strange and unsettling impression of Heath Ledger's interpretation in his surprisingly small and compressed role and other side characters seemed entirely underused (for example, Katana, Slipknot (who was added to the team for the sake of moving the plot along) and Killer Croc). Also, unfortunately the relationship between the characters, Rick Flagg and Enchantress seemed entirely forced and just completely unnecessary. Onto the "cool soundtrack" that was promised prior to the film's release, it was was unfortunately very overused as the began to cut off song-after-song and just play another one straight after which had nothing to do with the plot at all (some did however, which was pleasing). One of the antagonists turned out to be nothing but a fake-looking, CGI sh*t-fest with no motivation other than he wanted to take over the world (learn from your mistakes DC!) and the dialogue written into the script felt lazy and clunky and a lot of the jokes were hit-or-miss. Trust me, I wanted to love this film after seeing those incredible trailers but it just wasn't very good.
평점: 5	리뷰: Okay, I had huge expectations from this movie because the trailer was one of the best trailers I've ever seen. I was eager to see what the new Joker played by Jared Leto would be like and could he come near or even surpass Heath Ledgers Joker? Come back to that later I will give it to you straight, I left the screening very disappointed The movie falls flat and there is so much wrong that you feel betrayed almost. The story is poor and doesn't tell much at all, you get to know some things about the characters past and what they did to end up in jail, but that's about it. The "Squad" don't know one another until they assembles and they have their first mission ever and just like that these "super villains" just becomes like family after just one day!? (I mean they literally say that) one of them even compare them to his wife and kids, after one day!? Super Villains!? It goes from one scene to another and nothing important happens, many of the jokes and cool scenes that were in the trailer doesn't at all feels as cool as in the trailer or as funny. And what I was most looking forward too seeing isn't even in the movie as much as the trailer kind of was telling us he would be, I'm talking about the Joker What you get to see of him looks cool but you never really get to see the characters full work, there is so much left too see and that you want to know about him. He doesn't feel complete at all and it's sad because he had SO MUCH potential! It's clear that we will see him again but I really feel that they should have used him more in this movie. The scene with the line "I Can't wait to show you my Toys!" was even CUT out from the movie! Why!? Some of the scenes were cool but many seemed to prepared and weren't played naturally by some actors, unfortunately one of them was Joel Kinnaman (our Swedish star) that honestly wasn't that believable as Rick Flag. However there still was some good things and the best of it was the Soundtrack! Amazing music trough out the whole movie. Margot Robbie who played Harley Quinn also did an amazing portrayal of the villain and stood out most from the performances of the Squad. Will Smith and Jared were good too. Overall, it was mediocre, I really feel this movie could have been SO much better and it doesn't do the trailer justice. It's not near epic but it has some entertaining moments, not at all a good story but a few good performances blend that in together and you get something okay.
평점: 8	리뷰: I'm going to say it, I listened to the critics. I knew it was wrong thing to do because when I read the critiques I get caught up into it but truly the film was amazing. A definite must see in 3D, IMAX if your lucky. This action pack, star studded lineup demonstrated that DC Comics was not ready to rest after "critically panned" Batman vs. Superman. With the highly payola Marvel critics bashing another DC Film, this one was not uncalled for. Ayer displayed a fresh new look on villains, not the best heroes, but somehow cooler than most. With graphics to die for and a soundtrack to live, the film truly display a cast so fun to watch. Smith (Deadshot) and Robbie (Harlequin) won in this film rather than their flop, Focus, displaying their versatility as actors. Delevingne (Enchantress/June) showed us how modelling again wasn't destined for her entire future. I loved her double act between the demonic possessed villain and her human character. The Joker (played by Leto) was mixed amongst the crowd, but as much as I knew it was big shoes to fit after the Oscar winning performance from late Heath Ledger, to be honest I didn't hate it. He obviously brought a different take on the Joker. A more psychotic rather than manipulative tone to his character. Wasn't as much of him in the film, because we know that there is more to come. But you will either love or hate him.There were parts that I knew weren't needed and I'd happily point them out on a second viewing. The plot was a messy plot, but again I'd say at times you could be lost but still catch up if that makes sense. You'd have to be super dumb to not what is happening, but also super smart to know they had some messy hiccups. Overall I found the film very enjoyable despite the early hate. It does open up the question will these unlikely heroes take a cameo appearance in the next DC films? But to be honest, I wouldn't mind watching Suicide Squad any time.
평점: 7	리뷰: Thrilling, sophisticated and dark-toned, Suicide Squad delivers a big improvement over the DCEU, with Margot's portrayal as Harley Quinn and Jared Leto's joker. What the critics say is a lie, the film is awesome, exciting and definitely fun to watch, it definitely improved over Batman v Superman, adding some humor and a less darker cinematography.Enchantress was certainly my favourite, the surprise she turns out to be the main villain and her powers are just extraordinary! Cara Delevingne's portrayal was fabulous :) Amanda Waller just demonstrated such ruthless power, determination and antagonistic behaviour which I was extremely pleased about. Now.. Will Smith. Many thought it was a disaster he was cast as a villain / anti-hero but his acting was pretty impressive. Same goes with Jai Courtney, both showed a big surprise to their acting. I wouldn't really listen to what the critics say, this film is extremely dark and hilarious but I only gave it a 9 out of 10 because I thought it could've improved slightly, particularly the Joker's screen-time. He had about 25-30 or more minutes which wasn't enough but other than that, one of the best films of 2016 and certainly the best out of the DCEU (possibly till Wonder Woman <3)However, there were some weak plot holes. Especially when they revealed that Enchantress is the villain of the film. The worst part is that Joker's screen-time was limited and most of the movie was cut out, the majority of the trailer scenes were not even in the film itself. Especially the car chase with the batman, it was so short, not as long as I really hoped. Still, the film did deliver a wonderful masterpiece with its CGI and acting. Suicide Squad, a film which displays a talented cast and adds humor than previous DCEU films but needs to improve its plot and writing.
평점: 7	리뷰: Suicide Squad is one of the best DCEU movie. It contains a lot of humor that work well in this kinda universe. The characters have so much chemistry, especially between Harley Quinn and Joker although they didn't make much of interaction. Chemistry between Rick Flag and Deadshot is interesting too. But the Characters that surprised me the most is Captain Boomerang and El Diablo. Captain Boomerang character get the best joke in my opinion in this movie. El Diablo character has a back story again in opinion the best. This movie got a really good story, maybe at certain parts is kinda confusing but in the end it solved really well. The week part of this movie is Killer Croc character. He is underused in this movie. It's just like he is there but not very important. Overall this movie is really awesome not to mention the soundtracks it's just perfect.
평점: 4	리뷰: *sigh* Two words that describe this film. Missed opportunities.This movie should never have been made for PG-13, but R rating. But because it has been made for kids, this movie, and all that it could have achieved, is a huge wasted opportunity of gigantic proportions. Marvel was also hesitant to make Deadpool with R-rating, but they finally did, and it payed off.I hate all the mistakes DC are making these days. I grew up with batman and superman comics in the 80's and 90's, so it hurts when i see them treat their own material this way.Margot Robbie is the star of this film, she steals all the attention in every scene she is in, and i can not but imagine what she could have done with this character if it was not a movie for kids. A huge contrast to the rest of the cast assemble which has too little to do, and they are to many, so we don't ever get to like or dislike any of them. To top it off, the joker has far to few scenes in this film, which is a shame. Jared Leto plays a solid mad joker.And as i predicted before the movie came out, was that David Ayer would yet again fail. He and Fuqua both, are riding on the success they had with "Training Day", and IMO none of them have directed a good movie since then. Ayer is not a good story teller, he is good at blending action with CGI, which this movie could of had a lot less and rather spend time on the story. His direction, combined with a weak story, and combined with PG-13, disaster happens.And this is a movie that was so hyped as well. This was the one film DC had to do right, to prove they had it in them. The Marvel movie that kind of compare to this is "Guardians of the galaxy". And what Marvel did right was to give all the characters a unique and special personality, making it easier to recognize and care for them, which then made it a good movie. Here in "Suicide squad" we just have an outstanding Margot Robbie with a bunch of "others". Which is a damn shame.I heard before i saw the film that a lot of the Jokers scenes were cut out of the film before the final cut, i haven't read more into it. But The Joker had way to few scenes in this film, maybe the other scenes they had to remove weren't PG-13 friendly.*sigh* Why DC?. WHY?Is it so damn hard to make a R rated movie now and then? With an R rating, this movie would have dared to be as violent as it has to be with this assemble of anti heroes. The Joker can go full ballistic, Harley Quinn can be even more daring, The language even more naughty and provoking. It is all the movie needed to be decent or even good. But DC didn't have the brass balls needed to pull it off.Therefor just a big pile of missed opportunities.4/10 - Very Disappointing
평점: 7	리뷰: I've been waiting for this movie for quite sometime now and I was expecting a bit more than just random jokes ( as DC was criticized to being too dark)and poor dialogues. Don't get me wrong it is still a good movie if you wanna see you some action with couple of explosions and good visual effects with no real expectations concerning the plot line nor the characters played. Lets start with the acting. Will smith as Deadshot was perfect. ( Although I think they should have built up the father and daughter relationship a bit more). Margot Robie played her part well. though Sometimes it was obvious she was forcing herself. Jared Leto, with all the stories about how much he devoted himself to his role he did't get enough time on the screen. We do not get a real glimpse at the real joker. Jai Courtney added some fun to the movie and portrayed captain boomerang perfectly against all expectations. The others actors were just as good and the characters were well introduced to the audience. What have to reproach to this movie is the plot line. There was no real story to stand on. The purpose behind all the whole world domination thing wasn't clear enough. I'm asking DC this small favor, stop investing on visual effects, trying to mix up everything in one single movie. Invest in plot lines, dialogues, the stories. Build something up. Build great stories that would leave the audience gaping, with a feeling of satisfaction and also wanting more. It feels like it's all about business now, adding up big names and too much ads when the real work should have been on the movie itself. Man I miss The Dark knight where there was no need for this much visual effects to cover up the lack of inspiration. I've even liked man of steel. But since B vs S, it feels like there is huge thing missing.
평점: 4	리뷰: SPOILER ALERT honestly, marvel have many weak villain but this one by dc make all previous marvel villain looks better. a goddess 6000++ years old, huge power. lose because of slash on the chest by Harley, that is one of the most idiotic climax of villain lost, what the hell man. a little mixed feeling bout the joker, like the laugh but i don't really enjoy punk like joker. I can see the similarity with the Nicholson version, not in terms of character but the background. both seems like having a background as a mafia ? but Nicholson a little bit classy, while Jared letto is the thug look one. I do like diablo, he's kinda preachy but the look and power looks awesome. crocs is funny. oh my God the enchantress, she have cool looks ( the dark skinned one, not the bright and beauty, i feel really strange and cringe seeing a pretty enchantress as villain ) yet the climax is horrible. most enjoyable scene ? watching 10 second flash capture boomerang, that flash looks really cool.﻿
평점: 7	리뷰: I've learned not to trust professional critics too much, doing so had me bored witless watching A Girl With a Pearl Earring and potentially avoiding Suicide Squad. Which in itself kinda explains why the initial movie wasn't to my liking.Having been disappointed by BMvsSM, I was holding out hope that SS would improve on that disappointing excuse for entertainment. Especially since Marvel has had me firmly in their grasp, and Deadpool which I waited many years for, reigniting my passion for those beyond Marvel's firm grasp ... Even if it is in the neighbour's yard.SS starts off at an intentionally and somewhat unavoidable slow pace for a movie, the only way this could possibly have been sped up is if the characters had been introduced in previous movies and this outing being their group debut. So you have to accept that for a large troupe there is character background to go through, although not enough to slow the movie down too much.It's hard to work out who the main antagonist is in the movie, but generally speaking there are 3. The Joker, Enchantress and Amanda Waller herself. Enchantress arguably plays the main antagonist, but without a huge amount of screen time, which is one of my few issues with the movie. It was far too busy with too many antagonists and running story lines to stay focused and engaged and even passionate about their mission. The only person you do actually want them all to take out, ironically is Amanda Waller - which fits with her comic book character anyway - so in that respect, she us true to story. The Joker story-line for me just distracted from the rest of the story. It was obviously a set up for another outing but didn't need to happen here.There is great chemistry between the key SS members and some funny lines that keep you laughing, even if a little nervously. This isn't however an Avengers ensemble type of humour. Margot Robbie and Will Smith both do admirably, with Margot Robbie even producing a very Harley Quinn sounding voice. Overall, I loved it. Would have preferred a slightly less convoluted story-line but otherwise I thought it was great and well worth that first midnight viewing in NZ.
평점: 1	리뷰: If you expect this movie to be a great fusion of picaresque and superhero genre, you are wrong. This is really a desperate attempt from WB and DC to revive the dying DCU, so they decided to copy what they think makes marvel movies such a success. A PG13 lighter atmosphere and add some comedy. Really? is this what DC thinks people like watch Marvel movies for? Well if they really wanted to be successful like a marvel movie, they should try to make something like Deadpool. Rated R, some blood and anti-hero stuff. As usual DCU completely missed thing that make Marvel movie successful. A good script that makes sense. This is just a movie that introduces less popular DC characters nothing more nothing less. The whole movie is like "This guy is Deadshot he shoots guns! This guy is Killer croc, he is scaly! Here is katana she is for all weeaboos! We have more than Batman and Superman you know." When all the introduction is done, half of the movies is done. And the rest is just rushed plot and really bad PS3 level CG and action to fill up the rest of the time. In the name of bad script, bad CG, bad action. A trinity of fail makes this makes Dawn of Justice look like Citizen Kane. And that is no compliment. Such a shame as it had elements that could have been an innovative superhero movie. But just like dawn of justice, it has been wasted and it will never see the light again.
평점: 8	리뷰: So I seen the movie, in an early premier at my local theater. Such excitement I thought the movie would bring. I sat down with a large popcorn and soda. My two favorite DC villains were there, Joker and Harley Quinn. But when the movie started... Oh it was a disaster. A good kind of disaster of course. First of all the prince of madness, the clown himself the brand new joker. Is a new kind of joker. Jared Leto. Is a perfect candidate to play the mad driven trickster. Astonishing performance all around. For the other cast mates astonishing performance through and through as well. Now for the movie, the movie was a disaster, I feel as if the Film wanted to have a little compromise between the marvel's light and yet action packed thriller with laughs all around. That's what I thought, It's a dark sinister film, but I feel as if they were trying to make a little more "marvel" tone to the aspect of this film. But overall if you want to see a villain movie where the villains do good things for an early prison release so in turn they can do more bad things when they release. It's a good movie. It is definitely worth the watch and buy.
평점: 10	리뷰: Do not listen to the critics. I literally just walked out of the midnight screening and can I say this movie delivers on every level. Gorgeous cinematography, perfect character developments, thrilling action sequences, and an easy to follow plot line that'll make you enjoy every second of it. Not to mention this movie knows how to balance its seriousness with its humour. A when I say humour, I mean real humour; jokes that work with the situation, not forced punch lines like most marvel movies seem to do. Please, I urge you to go see this film it is definitely worth your time! The sequences accompanied with the soundtrack is enough to fall in love with this movie. Keep em coming DC!
평점: 10	리뷰: This movie had one of the best marketing campaigns for any movie ever.Somehow this movie feels like a piece of engineering rather than actual entertainment. In a way it is as if there were a masterpiece version of Suicide Squad out there somewhere and then people less talented but with great workmen skills in film-making were told to do a replica and it turned out fine but just not the real thing. Anyhow, it's not a bad movie and I had this super cool lengthy review about it but then I heard these lines in one of the songs on the soundtrack and I thought: At least they're honest to their DC fans so I'll stick with that:Used to doing bad, now we feel like we just now getting it * Ain't got no other way so we started and finished it * No pain, no gain * Never stand down, made our own way * Never going slow, we pick up the pace * This is what we wanted from a young age * No emotion, that's what business is * Lord have mercy on the witnessesI torture you * Take my hand through the flames * I torture you * I'm a slave to your games * I'm just a sucker for pain
평점: 5	리뷰: First of all, i have knowledge on DC comic characters. I know what those villains(i mean suicide squad) can do. However this movie just does not show much. Basically, u're just watching those villains joining together in a squad trying to get job done.(working together? ... not really).It does not introduce all of the characters well, this movie only show the surface of them(their power) and not much personality.I believe most of the people want to see .... "teamwork" , the bond between the squad members. You wont see how they understand each other well(Where is the conflict since they all have different personality), they just all become friends or partners since they join the squad， except the boss who they hated of course.This movie also does not show how they work together with their abilities during the fight. For example, Deadshot shooting alone , Harley fighting alone , Killer Croc punching alone, soldier shooting. This does have action scene but we cant see the villains teamwork performance especially fighting together. It's like you wont feel anything important on those characters.Batman: Assault on Arkham， this animated film actually did an awesome work on those villains. And i must say this animated film is better than this movie if u want to know what is the real suicide squad can do.OK Story， The story is straight forward and not much depth, it does have some twist but not so much influence on the main story. The Bad Guy in this movie is also "straight forward". Even the relationship between squad members are .... "straight forward", so this might be the reason some people don't like this movie. But it is still fun if you enjoy the movie.Actors performance， i will say good on most of the cast. you will not disappointed. And Jokers in this movie does not shine because the limit of his scene time(don't expect too much from Joker).Soundtrack is awesomeThis movie can be better,it may disappointed on people who have high expectation. For me, i want the suicide squad (villains working together） to shine, but sadly i didn't see that. It's like an adventure with the suicide squad, u will enjoy it. But if u want to understand the squad or feel the importance of them, then i might say no. Not sure if PG-13 limit the potential of this movie, but i guess it can be more epic if it's 18.There is a mid credit scene, so wait a while before u leave.
평점: 1	리뷰: Just awful -horrible dialogue, zero premise. Stereotype Squad as far as characters concerned...in particular the Asian 'character' which was obviously a laughably cynical afterthought and the Boomerang Joe or Pete (I didn't care) - I mean, come on! Will Smith seemed embarrassed or wincing delivering his lines -hard to tell -and as for Jared Leto's OTT indulgent 'acting' -sheesh. Margot Robbie was probably only one whose character had a few good lines. Sad to see the otherwise incredible actress from Secrets and Lies reduced to the ridiculous boss character. The CGI was awful, particularly the monster at the end. Didn't make me feel anything toward the characters -no emotional resonance whatsoever.
평점: 7	리뷰: So after a decent start with a pretty good but not so amazing "Man of Steel", and a disappointing follow up with the terrible "Batman v Superman", comes the third movie of DC Extended Universe. Suicide Squad!From the guy who brought you "Fury", David Ayer delivers an action packed, entertaining movie with a lot of interesting characters, dark humour, decent CGI effects, and fast pacing. Maybe it wasn't the best DC movie I've ever seen, but it's a lot more better than "Man of Steel" and "Batman v Superman" combined.This is the good things of the movie: The casting is excellent! The introduction of the main characters was well performed. Will Smith is doing great at being cool as usual. I was kinda worried that Jared Leto as The Joker would turn out to be silly and not so accurate. But thankfully he did a very great job. It was like a more nutty version of Heath Ledger's portrayal from "The Dark Knight". Margot Robbie was probably the best choice to play Harley Quinn. She was creepy, psychopathic, and crazy, but at the same time sweet and hilarious, and a lot more interesting than she usually was in the comics and the TV shows. Joel Kinnaman, Viola Davis, and Jai Courtney were also pretty good, but maybe not so amazingly great.This is the bad things of the movie: The main villain is just so uninteresting, forgettable, and boring. I actually thought it was gonna be The Joker. But nope. Instead we have a dark supernatural demon that wants to take over the world for no interesting purpose at all. The 3D was okay at some moments but at the most it was just unnecessary and bland. The characters should have had a lot more back stories. But I guess we got enough, we will probably see more in the sequels.If you want to see it, go watch it. You will probably not be disappointed. I can tell you that I think this is the best movie so far in the DC Extended Universe.
평점: 7	리뷰: Great characters, but a stale and redundant plot line. Will Smith and Margot Robbie take front stage with crowd pleasing, magnetic characters.. while Jared Leto's role of the Joker is minimized and rarely seen throughout the entire movie. The movie was over-hyped, also strangely enough--scenes from the trailers we not shown in the movie.In regards to the stale plot, the plot reminded me of similar scenarios in X-men and Avengers... also the "twists" and "turns" in the movie are anything but a surprise. There were a few subtle appearances of other DC superheros, however the appearances were so subtle, it was a waste of time.
평점: 5	리뷰: I came with low to none expectations at all, I was positively surprised when there was so much to love. Letos Joker was something new, it was like a combination of Ledger and something completely new. Voice was clearly the thing combining his and Ledgers Joker but the facial expressions and habits are something i've never seen on screen before. Lets just say that he nailed it, but so did Ben Affleck, Margot Robbie and even Will Smith (I was a bit skeptical about him at first)The biggest let down for me was the villain, just so so bad. She (Enchantress played by Cara Delevingne) was so laughable, couldn't take her seriously I tried I swear. Sadly just like every DC movie from MoS to this has had a weak ending, they all started of so great and had the greatest point just before the intended finale/high point.If the ending is ignored this is a great movie, even if it isn't The Dark Knight or Civil War of movies.
평점: 6	리뷰: First of all, a quick review and this is just my opinion. This review is not to upset fans or viewers who enjoyed the movie. I could not understand the flow of this film. First of all, it had terrible pacing. You couldn't really get the feel or hang of it, before you know it, someone dies (not saying who) then events breakout into confusing shaky-cam action. It was even a visually confusing film as i struggled to enjoy the CGI. It's 2016 and a film this big, i expected a clean and slick looking movie (like the trailers) and it was the opposite. When it came to the actors of the film. Will smith , Jai Courtney and Viola Davis were standouts to me. I am not implying that the other cast members were bad, their performances were good but only a few popped out on screen. Sadly, it wasn't enough to save the film. I expected too much from Jared Leto. He was NOT terrible but he wasn't a standout to me. He was barely int he film and i didn't really bother caring about his character most of the time in the film. Margot Robbie was just OK. She played a good Harley Quinn but she just didn't do enough for me to engage with her character. A lot of things felt focused around her and it strayed way from better character developments. The pace, cgi, action (all that shaky-cam) and storytelling was pretty messy. I was looking forward to this movie and i sadly could not love it. I really wanted to but i just couldn't enjoy it enough. Overall, a 5/10. It just wasn't enough in all aspects.
평점: 4	리뷰: Joyless action scenes and uninteresting characters as destroying what could have been an excellent action comedy . This here is not good enough in 2016Unfortunately comprises the entire first hour of verbal cockfight to emphasize how tough everyone is , they play certainly not following any rules , they are real men ( even the women ) . A better film could have let the insults bounce between the figures and give the dialogue momentum, and then turn on the conflicts and build cohesion. Now everything hangs freely. No call leads to another.In fact, when the great supernatural threat would emerge the actors to change lines with each other , or play completely different super villains , but the story would be significantly affected. Get things done based on the characters, they just happen . It actually is character -driven foundation laid in flashbacks dripping with sentimentality. Why should we care about group dynamics and drama as the characters themselves do not? Not even entertainment violence is something up to much . The action scenes are trimmed in joyless 2010 's of ways: fast and confusing, with no sense of time , place or choreography.The only thing that holds together the film is Will Smith and Margot Robbie . Robbie is , in the worst comic book spirit of sexuality but she seems to have fun when she wields his baseball bat and hatch one- liners . Smith has a generic Will Smith 's role , with generic motivation - he wants to prove to his daughter that he was not only a murderer , but may be OK . Fortunately , he has enough charisma to sell it." Suicide Squad " could have been action-comedy that saved the DC Comics movie universe from his own lack of humor. So it was not . It is not enough to dull dialogue and environments they bought when there was a sale on broken cities of the backdrop shop. It is this kind of films that gives nonsense bad reputation.
평점: 7	리뷰: Just watched the Midnight premier and here are my quick thoughtsWhat I LikedMargot Robie was excellent as Harley Quin, I was expecting it to be more of a Joker and Harley movie but Will Smith carries the movie well as Deadshot, he is more or less the leader....Jared Leto's Joker..... it starts off pretty great, but the more they show him and what his motives are (which I still don't know) the more you start questioning whether or not you like him, not sure if thats a good thing or not... What I did not LikeIntroduction to each character was rushed and thus there is minimal or little character development. You just get dished out a spec sheet of who they are and then expect to feel for them using flash backs... which works for some characters but definitely not all of them, and you'll know which ones after seeing the movie. The Villain was bad (no pun intended), half of the villains team gets randomly shoved into the movie without any back story. When I say team, I mean one out of the two antagonists... to vaguely put it without spoiling anything. Some of the lines and dialog felt out of place.... again, can't say without spoiling. Lots more to talk about but those are my quick no-spoiler thoughts. Honestly, would give this a 6.5 but 7 will suffice.
평점: 2	리뷰: To start it off, i'm a big fan of dc cinematic universe, and the year 2016, hadn't been a good year for me and the other fans. Even though, i'll state myself optimistic, since actually, all my hopes and expectation fall into this movie instead. OK, Let's start with the strong aspects of the movie; performances and characters. well, i actually think this is what the director want to top off and show to the audience, thus forgetting the plot, which we will get into later. but the characters and the performances are well-performed- Margot Robbie as Harley Quinn really tops off my expectation. i'm a fan of harley quinn character, and she actually brought me the harley quinn i'm expected for- sexy, beautiful, it girl of joker's. while watching the movie, and whenever i'm feeling bored, harley quinn is there to make the scene fresh. and i think all audience, including audiences who didn't know her will love her and feel sympathetic to her. Will smith as deadshot actually didn't deserve much of my appreciation. i mean even though he's one of the great and strong aspect in the movie, i just thought i don't see will smith even trying to act, which weirdly works. watching Will smith here is just watching him using a kickass suit. Jared Leto as The Joker, is actually isn't the worst part of the movie (unlike what people might have said) i think that Jared Leto pull of a great effort into his character, and some scene of him showing up gave me goosebumps and own joys. but, maybe how little the scene for him is, or his character is pretty under-developed that just doesn't fit the puzzle in the movie. Viola Davis as Amanda Waller also brought up my her characther pretty well, as she played the cold-hearted leader Amanda Waller. other performances are great, like Joel Kinnaman, Jai Courtney, Jay Hernandez, Karen Fukuhara, and Cara Delevigne.The chemistry between the characters are great, as well as the development between their relationship. in my opinion, one of the strongest chemistry is Harley Quinn and Deadshot. Their chemistry is electric, funny, and watching them teasing, and slowly started to care about each other, is entertaining, and make me ship them together. even, i have a relationship that had a weak chemistry, that is Rick Flagg and June Moore's relationship which is bland, forced, and unnecessary. Now, parts that i think is the weak part of the movie, I think the plot is the main reason. The plot is lazy-written and under-developed,and at some point is pretty ridiculous. i don't want to get into it too much, since it will spoil some things, and i need you to watch the movie without spoilers, yet. even, i could tell you that the CGI is pretty cringy and sometimes, so does the visual effect between the scenes. the ending is actually rushed, predictable, and i think they could do better after building up the story of the fight scene.At the end, everything has its bad and has its good, what i really suggest for you to do is just lower your expectation, yet don't miss it either. it may not lift the hype as in the greatness in the trailer, but i think it's still a great fun must see summer movie , and you should enjoy it without all the overly negative critics.GUYS IM KIDDING THIS IS THE WORST FILM EVER DON'T WASTE YOUR TIME MONEY ON IT.
평점: 2	리뷰: I don't get the ratings here. This is a cut and dry poorly made movie and fans of the DC universe deserve better. I don't normally post my reviews here. But I have to share my take on this movie because it just wasn't good. I didn't even have to go into spoilers to show how terrible it is. Movie goers shouldn't mindlessly consume these films. Christopher Nolan set a high bar, but producers and studios need to step messing with auteurs and maybe we can get a quality DC movie:There is nothing in Suicide Squad that shows any hope that an auteur filmmaker can do anything distinctive with the current cash cow of the Hollywood machine: the super hero movie. What Christopher Nolan once made his own has devolved into a predictable pastiche whose charms should be wearing thin on audiences. It doesn't help that the movie is also an example of how bad one of these films can be when it becomes watered down and designed to refrain from shaking up anything in the so-called DC Universe. Suicide Squad, a PG-13 film, was supposed to be DC's entry to rival Marvel's R-rated Deadpool. Even though Deadpool had its own problems as a self-aware action movie, it still had focus and a bravado that is nowhere to be found in Suicide Squad.Suicide Squad follows a group of villains with super powers released from prison as part of a government plan to protect the world from terrorists or whatever sign-of-the-times fear currently plaguing society (Zika?). Starring Will Smith as the hit man Deadshot and Margot Robbie as the Joker's manic girlfriend Harley Quinn, alongside several other less familiar DC baddies, these guys are supposed to be complex people who have long fallen from grace and are supposed to rise above to find their humanity and gain the audience's sympathy. But writer-director David Ayer tries so hard to take a safe route, you can see the gears trying to manipulate audience emotion, revealing the inherit problems of these comic book adaptations straining to catch up with decades of printed storytelling.You can't totally blame Ayer, who last gave moviegoers Fury, an incredibly strong and startling war movie featuring a better fleshed out motley crew of characters. The preciousness Hollywood has for its ongoing world building of interconnected comic book films creates such tight restrictions on storytelling that anything that might upset that world has no room to prosper. At one point, toward the end of Suicide Squad, one character asks another, "Shouldn't you be dead?" Of course not, this is the DC universe, and it's gotta be milked. That means no major players should be written off in one movie.The result of these storytelling restraints is a soulless kind of filmmaking hampered by pussyfooting. It's like a syrupy glaze that drowns out any possibility to shine above what has become a predictable pattern of storytelling. Characters dole out uninspired lines that play superficially to feelings, like, "Dad, I know you do bad things, but I still love you." Then there are the clichés, like "fight fire with fire." Sometimes the script inadvertently deflates the tension by spelling things out. Someone over a radio says, "Use extreme caution," and someone in the action responds, "I don't like this." But in case you miss that, someone else says, "I don't like it either." A kid playing with his action figures can come up with better chatter to establish tension....
평점: 7	리뷰: *Spoiler Free*Have to start by giving credit to Viola Davis, Will Smith, Margot Robbie and Jared Leto. The poor direction and dialogue given by Ayer is clear, faults which could have been solved during writing or could have been overlooked if it wasn't for the embarrassing editing. Nevertheless, these four actors did they're best with what they were given. There is no doubt in my mind that Viola Davis stole the show for me. Although there were times where her lines seemed corny and lacked the class portrayed by Ms. Davis, her delivery was solid and she was the closest thing to the comic figure that we could have hoped for. Will Smith again showed everyone why he is such a successful actor, strong presence and ability to lead the cast was evident. However, his character plot let him down. Will Smith seemed to be playing Will Smith, not deadshot. There was the witty commentary and one-liners, which we have come to know with Will Smith, but his character did not develop and did not ever push any boundaries to showcase Will's diversity. I expected Margot Robbie to steal the show, but she simply wasn't given her opportunity to.Some of her dialogue,was again,corny. The adverts portrayed her as this strong woman, but quite frankly, she is just depicted as some eye candy and had no real depth to her character. Her accent changed constantly throughout the film and some fight sequences seemed forced.With proper direction from Ayer,Margot Robbie would have been outstanding.My final favorite was Jared Leto's Joker. Although it seemed like he was put into the plot just to have him in the movie, the little that was shown of the Joker was definitely impressive. I was team Ledger, I was not looking forward to the new 'gangster joker,' but overall I was quite impressed for the screen time he was given.Perhaps it was slight weakness' in his performance which caused for so many of Leto's scenes to be cut, but from what I had been shown it was clear that he had put an immense effort into his portrayal. I can't say he was better than Heath Ledger, his character still lacks something which maybe could have been resurrected if he was given the chance, but Leto did a great job in showing his insanity and,in my screening at least, he genuinely made the audience uncomfortable by his actions. It wasn't overdone and it wasn't like anything which had been done before, Leto's intimidating persona was intriguing and sinister.It's a shame that Leto's interpretation clashed with Ayer's. This is the Joker which should have been shown in all his brief appearances, but shout out to David Ayer for forcing Joker,and Harley, to be half of that attached high school couple who couldn't be apart. Jared's commitment and work for being a tortured maniac was pushed to the side for some HarleyxJoker cuteness which wasn't that necessary. The rest of the cast really had no relevance to the story line. The plot was poorly executed and had some stupid mistakes when portraying the villain. I wondered why they even bothered which such a large team as they had no impact on the story or the audience. The only other characters who had some interest to me were Jai Courtney, who provided a comical quality to distract from the plot holes, and Ike Barinholtz, who seemed to derive a stronger performance from those he worked with. Overalll, it wasn't terrible. The cast has such promise but was let down by Ayer's careless editing and use of inappropriate song placement. It's as if Ayer decided lets let the music speak instead of the dialogue (which was fine at times but after awhile we all wished that they would cut off the music). If they had slowed down the film progression, given the characters some depth and actually shown what was in the trailers, then this movie would have been the film of the year. Let's all just hope the extended cut is released and does the cast justice for their efforts. I also hope that Jared Leto and Margot Robbie are picked up for a spin off movie that does justice to their comic book characters and own abilities.
평점: 6	리뷰: Disclaimer: I haven't read any of the comics, I just enjoy superhero (in this case - villain) movies. So I can't compare these characters to the original ones.Pros of this movie:1.The visual effects are amazing 2.The soundtrack is great 3.The movie is fun 4.The action sequences are great 5.I liked almost all of the characters (on the ones I didn't - scroll down) 6.Leto is a good Joker. He is different, but I really liked him. I'm glad he was only in the movie for a short while. It's all I needed - I can't wait to see him in future DC films! 7.Good female characters. Sure, Harley could've used a bit more practical clothing, but I honestly didn't feel like she was over sexualized. She's sexy and she knows it and uses it to get a reaction out of people. This movie gives us multiple badass female characters, each different from the other, so why not add someone like this Harley in the mix? Cons of this movie: 1.Slipknot. How did that actor agree to do this movie lmao 2.Enchantress. Boring and unbelievable. 3.The Villain. The usual villain we get in superhero movies. Almost bluefaced and kinda robotic + pretty boring. 4.The dialogue is a bit cheesy at times and some of the characters' reactions seem unrealistic 5.The ending's lameIn conclusion - more than anything the movie's fun. And it made me excited for what else DC has to offer. So I do recommend watching it, just don't expect to be mindblown.
평점: 1	리뷰: Suicide Sucks . . . 4 / 10 2 points because Will Smith 2 points because I'm DCThis review is Spoiler Free.Firstly i wanna say, if you start to bad-mouthing your rivals, even before your film premiered, it mean you don't have any confidence in your movie. No wonder they don't reveal much plot in their trailer, coz there's no plot at all. And from all 3 DCEEU movies, this one is the most sucks. They still don't learn from their past mistakes, RUSHING THINGS to coup up with MCU only bring more harm than good.My advice to those who decide to watch this SSucks, leave your brain at the door and enjoy montage of clips after clips, hell, there's no story at all, and for the most infamous DC character, those squad is lack, or should i say have a cheesy character motivation.This movie saving grace is Will Smith, not because he's deadshoot, but because Will Smith acting as Will Smith. And for the Prince of Clown? Don't raise your bar too much. Yes he's terrifying, but the Joker here, is only a montage, don't expect he's doing brilliantly insane Joker like in TDR.And what now WB? releasing the ultimate cut again to milking extra money? well, this is the last time i will saw your movies in theatre, 3 mediocre DCEU movie in a row is just too much.As dark and grim DCEU movies are, the future of DCEU is share the same fate, and i hope is not beyond help
평점: 10	리뷰: I'm really impressed with the movie and by getting the chance to witness it earlier. It's true that I haven't experienced such a comedy and full of action movie after Deadpool but Suicide Squad really left Deadpool behind. The excellent working of Harley Quinn as psychopath and playing the role of Joker is amazing. She changes her voices and the iconic laugh of Joker is unbeatable. Well, movie was slow in the beginning while showing the origins of the characters. The best part of the starting scene is the appearance of Flash that interacts with Boomerang. Yeah they all are Badass including Katana, El Diablo, Boomerang, Killer Croc, and Deadshot. Deadshot was tried to show as the leader of Squad but due to many characters on the same mission, it didn't work. BVS and Captain America has their own place in 2016 but Suicide Squad is wonderful. You should definitely go watching it like I went wearing my Harley Quinn jacket from Fjackets.com but that's optional. I highly recommend it because it worth to have your time.
평점: 7	리뷰: Suicide Squad is a very hyped movie, with a lot of mixed reactions, even when there were no material at all to be shown yet. I notice how a lot of the hate was towards the new joker, played by Jared Leto. And indeed, I was also skeptical about this. He could either ruin the joker, or make it better. What did he do exactly? None of it, actually. Leto's performance in Suicide Squad as the Joker was good. He gave The Joker a new face, and in my truly honest opinion, he did it well. He tried to make it his own. Not replicate or try to live up to other actors that have been playing the joker in previous movies. Now, don't get me wrong, Jared Leto's joker is nothing against Heath Ledger's version. BUT and I say this once again; he didn't ruin it. That's really my honest opinion. He's not trying to be like Ledger, he's not trying to be something that we've seen before. He's doing something new, and I liked it. Also, for those of you who read the comics, you would actually notice that Jared's take on Joker is close to his persona in the comic book series. I actually wish that he would have had more screen time, since in the entire movie he was in maybe 20 minutes of the actual 2hr film. Now, I read about this final version, and it's said to be cut out a lot and that the director had been working on his own cut, while the studio made their own. So, I can barely wait for the Directors Cut to be coming out. Hopefully, more screen time for Leto will occur and maybe a lot better pacing.Enough talking about Leto; let's talk about the actual film itself. Critics have already been slaughtering the film, giving the film awful reviews and such- The thing is; I don't really trust critics. They are too narrow-minded, they act like they are the only one who's right. I never care about what people, especially critics say about films before I've actually watched them. Then I can look back, and see if I agree with them, based on my personal opinion and interpretation of the movie itself. I can not make you like this film. Just watch the movie yourselves, then judge the film. Many people have been throwing negative reviews on this film, without second thought and some have not even watched the film. This is the worst things about reviews by critics and reviewers on IMDb. You simply cannot trust anyone, including me. So I advise you to watch the film, go back and read my review and see if you agree. That way, you won't miss a move you might have liked. All the actors does a great job portraying their characters, even though Will Smith's performance as Deadshot was a bit meh. He was funny, though. But it just feels like Will Smith playing well, Will Smith. The flashbacks in this movie are the best scenes in my personal opinion. They give you a little more depth to the story and makes you sympathize for the characters. As a person who's watched a lot of Superheroes are good, villains are bad-movies, I thought it was refreshing that for once, the villains aren't portrayed as just pure evil. However; this film absolutely has flaws. Loads of them. But rarely any film these days is flawless. There's always going to be something that you can comment on and sometimes even get annoyed by. One thing is the pacing. This film is a chaotic mess when it comes to the pacing, confusing the viewer. Too fast, too slow, but never in between. When introducing the characters, I felt that the music was overused. Every time you met a new character, and this was in quite a short time, a new song would play. However, the soundtrack is good even though it feels a bit out of place. After the mess, called BvS, I am glad to say that this film changes a lot. It shows that DC doesn't always have to make overly serious films, but can have a little fun with it too. While I like Marvel films too, they are sometimes a little bit too cartoony, the humor can feel out of place and well let's face it, sometimes you need a superhero/villain film for adults. Visually this film is amazing in every way, the amount of detail and wonderful CGI is just pure eye candy. I loved the 3D, although it wasn't quite necessary, but hey, 3D is the standard these days for films in cinema. Overall, I do not think in my own humble and honest opinion that this move deserves the hate from the critics. Most moviegoers, people I know who have seen the film, liked it. It is not a masterpiece. Long way from that. It is not an Oscar winning film by no means. It's just a really fun film to watch and I've gotta say DC is pulling in the right direction. More work needs to be done, though and there is serious problems about this film despite it being enjoyable. Reading some interviews etc, I found that the script was very rushed. (Being finished in six weeks, not okay.) Also, while I laughed and giggled at some of the jokes, some of them felt forced and out of place. However, DC has taken a huge step and I hope they will be making more movies like this one.As a final verdict, I think this movie is worth your time and is a good watch. Don't listen to critics. Heck, don't take my word for granted either. You will love it, or hate it. That's how it works, we have different opinions and tastes. I was not disappointed and I look forward to the next installment in the DC universe.
평점: 4	리뷰: A few hours after the "heroes" meet, their complete personality change. Their dynamics change. Also most of the dialogue is chit chat bullshit.Full of illogical scenes, and stupid story line. Also very brutal at the beginning, but not having read those particular comics, I can not judge on that original backstory.Fight/action scenes were badly filmed. Some actors were completely useless in the main story and had idiotic punchline or purpose.Went to see it with my 17 yo sister, and she loved it although she agrees with me that many many scenes didn't make any sense.Looking forward to reading what other people think of this movie.Overall : pretty good movie. The Joker could be crazier tbh.A 25yo French woman.
평점: 8	리뷰: First, I want to state that I respect people who do serious movie reviewing for a living. They are more of art scientists, follow how cinema as an art flows and turns and mostly they can do is just comment on sideways. However I was kinda 'duh' when reading RT reviews on Suicide Squad - luckily, I am bit of movie freak myself and had planned to see this movie anyway. And boy didn't I walk away confused did we even saw same movie. Because I loved it with all it's flaws.So if you don't want to twelve into details - yes, movie is fun, yes, most of SS characters are great, there are few misses but they are mostly script's fault who doesn't let them all breathe - although to be frank, to give them all justice this movie had to be 3 hours. BUT these small issues - along with tone and editing in places - doesn't destroy movie. It's bold, it tries to do something interesting with 'team of baddies' concept and almost flawlessly gets away with it. Definitely go see it at cinema to form your own opinion. Movie is not bore fest, and you can get descent entertainment out of it, even if you end up not particularly liking it.Mild spoilers ahead.Now, what's working and what's not - as I said, characters are done well. If anything, this movie is solid platform for them to grow and enrich any further movies DCU will have (and as most of them are from Batman side of town, you get idea). I am not completely sold on Letto's Joker yet, but I really won't trash him. He's a bit of pain an a ass in this movie, not villain. His screen time is way too short to judge. What I can say though I felt uneasy, his movements hid dangers. Everyone else is doing their part and I bought their performances - yes, even Croc, Boomerang and Flag. Standouts are very good Will Smith as Deadshot, positively crazy Margot Robbie as Harley Quinn and Jay Hernandez as El Diablo. Original music was a bit mixed bag (I personally think in some places mix was a bit overboard), but soundtrack is excellent one and will stay with you. Visually movie stays true to trailers and I personally liked that flavor.Overall it is worth movie to see to make up your mind. I kinda disagree with harshness movie received at Rotten Tomatoes. It's certainly more alive than BvS, and characters there are more fleshed out and more reliable. It's not ten hit, but it's not colossal miss neither. 8 out of 10.
평점: 10	리뷰: This movie is just fun!! I don't care if you're a Marvel, DC, Vertigo, whatever fan, this movie is fast paced, funny and straight up enjoyable from start to finish. The problems BvS had was it was slow, tried to jam too much in and at times (as the viewer), you had no idea what direction it was trying to take. In contrast, Suicide Squad doesn't take itself too seriously and never feels like it's being dragged out at all. Margot Robbie and Jared Leto play the Clown Prince/Princess roles to utter perfection (however be warned, Leto's Joker is no Ledger's Joker, which is absolutely fine by me, he's redefined the role and made it his own). Will Smith is BACK WITH A BANG (pun intended). His take on Deadshot is exactly what I was hoping for, humorous but serious at the right times. Without revealing too much, Batman is excellent (and that's all I'll say). Lastly, Viola Davis is just plain evil as Amanda Waller and I loved her take on the iconic role. Would love her to return in the future. Overall, I'm giving this movie a perfect score because it's exactly what I hoped it would be - fun from start to finish.PS - don't let negative critic reviews sway your opinion on this movie. Negative reviews on BvS were justified. Negative reviews on this movie just seems straight up forced and uncalled for.
평점: 6	리뷰: Don't worry! This is a rock-concert movie! The critics hate it but man it's fun to watch! Suicide Squad is great looking movie with great characters and soundtrack. It's action-packed and funnier than you'd expect. The cast is absolutely fit for their roles. Especially Viola Davis, Margot Robbie and of course Jared Leto as the Joker. You will have a great time with this movie, just as the cast did makin it. The only thing i had a problem with was that the story and main villain could have gotten a little more time and work on it because it didn't feel as good as the rest of the movie. Other than that it is a wonderful ride with colors, explosions and great action. Without it feeling like a Michael Bay movie... Suicide Squad is a true comic-book movie and it is hella entertaining. Go watch it, you wont regret it.
평점: 5	리뷰: This movie tries to be so much but ends up being a real mess.Where do I begin? Character introduction runs for almost 40 minutes and I still don't end up giving a damn about anyone.Jokes are often very misplaced and feels extremely forced. Many scenes feels like they were made solely for sake of the trailer and also the trailer resembles nothing of what the actual movie is like.CGI is so off that I divide the movie into 2 teams, CGI-team and real team, and I keep ending up thinking how the ***k is human team going to beat world consuming superman-like characters.However I do like the look of the Villains, especially Enchantress.Maybe this film is the best thing for DC Universe superfans, but for the casual viewer it's very hard to get a grip of this movie, at least for me it was.
평점: 7	리뷰: For the most part, i'm a big pessimist when it comes to movies, but i went in to Suicide Squad with high hopes and to be honest, I wasn't all too disappointed. The film opens with a colorful presentation of all the main characters, both the good guys and the bad. From Margot Robbie's Harley Quinn to Killer Croc, all were given a brief but satisfying introduction. Speaking of Margot Robbie, she was one of the characters I was a bit worried about. I thought she would be portrayed as a "goofy" and "not like other girls" type, but Margot Robbie nailed it, Harley Quinn is a completely insane and psychopathic girl with a glimpse of sanity and sympathy which makes her very likable. Also likable is this incarnation of Deadshot. Will Smith plays, by far, the most sympathetic character. One scene in particular shows this when he is forced to shoot down Harley Quinn when she's trying to escape but accidentally "misses". There were times, though, when he seemed to feel a bit too sorry for himself, but that's only a minor problem. By far the main attraction is, of course, The Joker. The number one reason for many people to see this movie and I can with certainty confirm that he delivers. And does so with style. Out of all the different Jokers through the decades, this is the only one I can actually say scared me. Jared Leto portrays him as a absolute lunatic with no sympathy for human lives. Cesar Romero's Joker was nothing but a prankster, Jack Nicholson's was a mere gangster with a few jokes here and there and Heath Ledger's was, as with Leto's, a psychopath. But Ledger's incarnation had a plan and ideas. The Joker in Suicide Squad is just completely mad. Mad and eerie. When he was crashing along with the helicopter to his supposed "death" I got worried. Of course I knew he was coming back, it's the Joker after all, but at the same time i didn't know if he was coming back, after all, Slipknot died only moments after being introduced. The fact that I cared so much about a psychopath is a great sign of character development done right. The rest of the character were also well written, but uneven. Captain Boomerang just didn't really fit in. El Diablo didn't have nearly enough screen-time and Killer Croc, well, he wasn't really too memorable. Katana was pretty cool, though. The "good" guys; somehow they are more unlikable than the main cast of bad guys. This was probably David Ayers plan, but not with Rick Flag, played by Joel Kinnaman. I'll admit, I liked him more near the end but for the majority of the film he came of as a whiny sphincter whose only interest was to save his lover. Now, to end this ego-trip of a review, I just want to point out my main complaint: Suicide Squad is ridiculously uneven. As stated before, the intro is great, but from there it's only downhill. As if from nowhere a main villain appears, Enchantress and her brother who want's to enslave humanity and then, suddenly, the main characters have to save a mysterious person. All of this just seem to happen in the blink of an eye. Then, when this has happened, the movie gets lost and doesn't know what to do with itself, so, again, out of nowhere the "suicide squad" has to save the world, which they eventually do and to me that just seems unrealistic for these characters. Harley Quinn herself points it out: What did the world ever do to us?" Why would a cast of villains suddenly get a change of heart and save the world AND feel good about it?So to conclude: An uneven mess of a "superhero" movie, but driven by (mostly) likable characters. I recommend it despite its flaws because it really has its moments, like the Batman cameos and every Joker moment, and an amazing soundtrack.
평점: 1	리뷰: Let's be honest – I'm a big fan of the DC Universe, but Suicide Squade is a train wreck.The story which involves super natural beings trying to create some kind of super weapon and destroy humanity for not liking them is just plain and simple stupid.David Ayer has managed to single handedly destroy the DC Universe. If you wanted some nice action, look another way. The effects are awful and the script is just awful.Ben Affleck as Batman is still a hit though. Just pray to god that this Joker doesn't appear in the new flick.
평점: 8	리뷰: To me, this movie is a great show of characters and characters interations. They are the ones that make this movie. The movie starts with Waller introducing the characters through a sequence of montage. Notably are Deathshot's and Harley's. Boomerang's sequence is good too, especially because it gives us The Flash. Then you got to El Diablo and Killer Croc and the sequences almost bore me, until the movie really starts with the main villain resurrected and wreaking havocs. Then the team is assembled and we go into over drive. Along the way, friendships are made, notably Deadshot and Flag's tense-filled camaradie. Harley and Deadshot's almost flirt each other, but Harley's heart is still with The Joker. Deadshot has many great action sequences, notably when he makes the last man standing atop a car, mowing down the black goo zombies. But he feels more like Will Smith than Deadshot to me. Arrow's Deadshot is the better portrayal. Harley has many opportunities to show her antiques and psychotic quirks, but her intelligence still shows. She is described as even more psychotic than Joker. She and Deadshot carry the movie.The other character that surprisingly shines is El Diablo. Starting as reluctant to show off his power, his action sequences make key moments in the movie possible. Even his remorse and his guilt shows through his acts in the movie.I was expecting Captain Boomerang to be a joke character, but he actually becomes the something more. He always tries to find ways to cut ties with the group, with smart quips and whisperings, but in the end he tags along. Killer Croc and Katana both suffer from poor screen times. The times they are on the spotlight are spent nicely though, as they have their own crucial moments that move the plot forward in the movie, especially Croc and his ability to swim fast and long underwater.Flag and Enchantress are the plot devices of the movie, but they are portrayed nice enough, especially Enchantress and her swift madness.The only thing I hate about this movie is actually the Joker's antics. It feels that he shouldn't in the movie this much, especially sabotaging things the way he does and just get away like that. Waller should have find ways to make him part of the operations.
평점: 9	리뷰: good movie - for the love of god, go out there, watch it, have your own opinion. stop regurgitating information from peoples reviews, the critics are there for a reason they "critic"its a "good movie"it would have been an even better movie if the studios did not interfere, we all saw what happened with BVS...I just want to see the directors cut now but yes, don't be discouraged its a good, fun summer movie and you should go and see it ! don't bother with rotten tomatoes the whole website is called "rotten tomatoes" of course it would have been rotten.
평점: 6	리뷰: Firstly I am one of the many fans out there who have been waiting for 18 months now to finally see this flick.I tried, tried then tried some more to not read the reviews yesterday but it was to no avail.Although i always go in fresh my heart sunk at the total negative reviews.NOW Don't THINK "THIS GUY IS MARVEL". I am and have always been DC but this is yet another attempt to make a DC movie using a director that just isn't built for an epic Nolan type filmWe saw a midnight screening last night here in Australia. The first 20 minutes were entertaining in warming you up to the characters however the overuse of songs were a real distraction. Seemed every camera change had another song playing. Unlike Guardians though this soundtrack had no continuity. From 70's disco to 80's rock ballads to white boy rap..... and this was all in the space of 2 minutes!!!As the 2nd act started i thought to myself the movie is rather good however my fears did arrive very quickly.We found ourselves asking each other "did we miss something??".There was no information given to the audience as to where our SS were going and what their goal was. After a drawn out repetitive fight scene we understand the goal once finally told to us.There seemed to be no second act as we realized this film completely skips it and goes straight from act 1 to an act 3 which drags on and on.I cannot understand how a movie with so many executives could allow this to happen with the amount of editing time this film had.I guess they thought "lets just take the audience's money and try and improve on the next one"The plot and story were either not there to begin with or cut out in editing.It was fun but also a little too corny for my liking with only Will and Margot having a few shine moments and the Joker just laughing a lot when i guess Leto couldn't figure out how to act a certain scene.I am re-watching this afternoon to see if i missed anything however from talking to the mates I unfortunately have to agree with most of the critics reviews.
평점: 8	리뷰: The third installment in the DCEU proved it's worth (For Dc Fans), beating both its predecessors by miles. I'll start with the Pros of the movie.1.The acting in Suicide Squad was spot on, Will Smith was my highlight performance of the movie,perfect as Deadshot, managing to capture both aspects of the character, the hit-man and the Father. Margrot Robbie was just amazing as Harley Quinn, and i'm really excited about what DC will do with her if she gets a solo movie. Viola Davis as Amanda Waller just steals the show every time she is on screen.2. The story was good, as it really made all members of the squad interact with each other in so many ways, relating both to their Criminal lives and their personal ones.3. The Action sequences are very good, especially the ones having Deadshot in them.Moving on to the Cons:1.The movie was too predictable,when i enter a movie i wanna be curious about whats gonna happen later in the movie, but with Suicide Squad i really didn't find that, as the ending was very predictable.2.Too little screen time for the Joker.I really find it annoying that they didn't give much screen time for the Joker, one of the reasons why i wanted to see this movie was because of the Joker, as i wanted to see if Jared Letos performance could top or equal that of Heath Ledger's performance, but i really couldn't as i wasn't shown enough of him to make my overall verdict about him.3.Very Weak villain, as you saw in most of the trailers and the large media campaign WB gave to this movie, they focus very little about the villain. The final showdown between the Squad and the bad guy wasn't that interesting, as the villain was defeated very easily. Overall Verdict: It's a good movie and is definitely worth your time, it is better by miles than Man of Steel and Batman V Superman. The movie could have had a better villain, more screen time for the joker, but all in all it is a good movie and i am certain most DC fans will like it.
평점: 4	리뷰: So the critics were right all along about Suicide Squad. In fact, the 40+ rating on metacritic is a little bit generous. Batman vs Superman is better and that movie was mediocre at best. The first half of the film was really messy due to the weird pace and despite the character flashbacks, the characters never connected with me. The only ones that stood out are Amanda Waller and Harley Quinn. I can't say much about the Joker because he only had a cameo role (about 6-8mins. Of screen time), Jared's cackle is creepy though. As for the real villains of the movie, I would say that they were very underwhelming. Their introduction was very haphazardly done and I couldn't care less about what they are capable of.For the jokes, most of them felt forced. Only some of the jokes made me smile a bit and this aspect of the movie isn't even the worst part, the final act of the movie is. The climax is really cringeworthy and can be compared to the martha scene in BvS (in terms of cringe level).So overall, the film was really a big disappointment for me considering how obsessed I was with the marketing stage of this movie. It was all hype in the end and I feel bad for DCEU. Maybe Wonder Woman is DC's final hope or perhaps another Batman trilogy set in Arkham. This is really a bad streak for DC and it would be tough to recover from this. It would still rake in money but the future is dim.I'm not a professional critic but I would still give it a score for those who are obsessed with numbers. 4/10 at best.
평점: 6	리뷰: Before I start, please note that I'm fan of of Batman and Superman, they were my childhood heroes! So consequently I'm also into anything that relates with those super heroes. It also drives to go to the premier of Suicide Squad even names like Amanda Weller, Rick Flag, Deadshot, El Diablo, Killer Crock, and Enchantress not so familiar to my ears. Although I'm well acquainted with the Joker and his love interest Harley Quin.But what were really drag me to see the movie was the series of the trailers. The trailers were so intense and so promising that the movie would like the antidote for gloomy and bad reviews. They were so colorful, more bright in tone, and the soundtracks! Oh, they are hell great of the movie soundtracks after (no offense) Guardians of the Galaxy, which I played for almost whole week prior the premier! I couldn't stop repeat to sing "You Don't Own Me..."Now, when it come to the movie, well, I kind of 'yeah, okay, but...' I won't spoil anything but I could tell you this, the movie needs stronger reason to glue those bad guys into a single frame, or should I say they need more evil enemy rather than picking up something or someone that already exist. Well, there! I said it.I felt that David Ayer should set up a problem before they created a solution rather than making up some problem after a solution were already being created. It's just, for me, comical. Even the movie taking the event after the death of Superman, I just felt that they are irrelevantly connected to the Batman v Superman: Dawn of Justice, unless the mid-credit, which to me the true connection to the next DC movie.Now I now that DC or Warner Bros has best marketing team which transform the 'yeah, okay, but...' movie into something 'you-must- see-this' movie. I should raise my glass to that. It's a hard- working process and harder when the movie has no certain point to expose but series of interesting characters but have not-so-much interesting reason to be in the scene.So my advise to all DC fans, please don't expect too much, just enjoy the movie with not setting any goal afterward. It will be better. It's only 123 minutes. Cheers!
평점: 4	리뷰: Where to begin... The film starts off with an introduction to two of the main characters and an intriguing scene that explains the background of each anti-hero.After the promising start, all hell breaks loose... in a bad way.Story and plot coherence are out the window, in comes loud explosions, gun fights and a remarkably limited character development and interaction.Technically, the film looked good, the props and special effects were decent and on par with other hero films, Margot Robbie was beautiful even though she was made to look trashy and crazy.I have a feeling WB instructed the director and writers to ensure Harley Quinn had a lot of scenes and focus, they most likely also mentioned Will Smith and Jared Leto, because no one out of the suicide squad members got any substantial development or attention, minus a couple of forced scenes that failed to create any impact.I enjoy films as a hobby but I also love comic books and its world and characters, so I'm biased and usually give good ratings for comic book films, because I usually judge them as a comic book fan first moreso than a film buff. But I couldn't help but cringe and shake my head several times during this film. The screen play was generally poor, the dialogue lacked substance nor importance or assisted in adding depth to the characters. The story, as mentioned earlier, lacked... and I'm not exaggerating if I say that the story is probably 8th or 9th on the list of "what to focus on" from the film maker. WB and DC might as well have called this film Deadshot or Harley Quinn and it would of been closer to what was presented to the audience.The good?, well seeing the characters from the comic books re-imagined in the DC film universe and I'm struggling to think of any others to be brutally honest.Overall, it is a rung or two below Batman vs Superman and even Man of Steel. This film felt like it was made for the sake of putting Margot Robbie, Jared Leto and Will Smith in DC character costumes... and thats it.It's NOT as bad as Green Lantern, but I cannot imagine myself re- watching this again. And thats a big statement since I've watched comic book films over and over with effort. Yes, even the early 2000 Fantastic 4 films.Avoid it if you are interested in watching a "good" action film that has acceptable storyline. But if you are a DC comic book hardcore fan, watch and judge it for yourself, it's your money.
평점: 4	리뷰: Just when you thought the DC movieverse couldn't sink any lower, here comes its dumbest movie yet.Suicide Squad is a film of fits and starts, and way too many flashbacks that kill all narrative momentum just whenever its attempting to come together, underscoring just how ramshackle its editing is. Imagine if you will, the team is about to go face the big bad, and then suddenly, for reasons that are only marginally clear, they all opt to go to the bar instead. In a way, I can see how that might work, given that this is a crew of bad guys; but the scene is so gracelessly plunked in the middle of the third act that I thought perhaps I was having a fever dream, a 15 minute interminable fever dream that ALSO finds the time to include a flashback! Or better yet, there's a moment where the film decides to display what I assume is supposed to be a twist of some kind, or at least it felt that way based on how the scene is written, but it simply flashes back to an earlier moment in the movie that was already explicitly shown to the audience! You can't make this stuff up!There are also quite a few elements in Ayer's script that come across fairly uncomfortably. There are far too many references to hitting women than are necessary, and of course Harley is on display throughout, with Ayer's camera ogling her body at every instance it can. I know many found Lois' bathtub scene in Batman v Superman to be problematic, but this is a bit beyond the pale in terms of objectifying content. Then there is Enchantress, who is displayed in what is best described as a "Slave Leia bikini" and the costume you've seen in promo material is actually the more covered up outfit. As she gains power, she somehow loses more clothing!Between the questionable decisions, and an overstuffed, convoluted structure, is there anything to recommend about Suicide Squad? If so, it begins and ends with Smith, Robbie, and Davis. Smith as Deadshot gets every possible opportunity to display just why he was/is considered one of the biggest stars in Hollywood. His Deadshot is both capable, charming, and is easily the funniest part of the film. It's been reported that some of his dialogue was improvised and given how much uproariously more hilarious his lines were than some of his more stilted "this is funny, right?" counterparts were, I can believe it. Additionally, Robbie is about as perfect a Harley Quinn as you'll find, with just the right amount of irreverence and loopiness, and utilizing her same New York accent that she employed in The Wolf of Wall Street, but finding just enough Arleen Sorken there to make it all her own. She's terrific, as is Viola Davis, who, to put it bluntly, IS Amanda Waller, carrying the exact kind of steely-eyed terrifying, take no bullshit demeanor that you'd come to expect from the character. You couldn't do any better than these three standouts, and even Jai Courtney makes for a pretty strong Digger Harkness (words I NEVER thought I'd say), but the plodding and utterly mindless goings on of the plot fail them completely as the running time rolls on.You'll notice I haven't even made mention of Jared Leto's much discussed grilled and tattooed Joker. I haven't forgotten him, he just barely makes a blip here and probably has about a grand total of 10 minutes of screen time. He's not bad, especially in small doses where his rather over the top shtick would likely begin to grate, but he's also just another distraction that could be plucked from the film entirely and not much would be lost. We'd certainly get less distracting flashbacks that way, but as negatives go on this one, Leto doesn't even crack the top ten (El Diablo and Killer Croc are far more awful, and Croc looks like crap). And surprisingly, the Harley-Joker relationship, though given some confounding backstory for the uninitiated, at least seems somewhat genuine and not so one- sided for once.As bad as any movie released in 2016.
평점: 5	리뷰: I saw an early screening of Suicide Squad, so here is an unbiased review of that film. A little tired of these punk critics using SS to diss BVS and MOS which were actually good films, anywayI like my reviews short and sweet but to the point, but had to extend this one a bit. Action: The action was average and entertaining at parts but most of the characters where underutilized and we didn't get to see them inaction much to really get the idea of how dangerous they were. Dead Shot and Harley had the best action sequences between the squad. Croc would come in 3rd but there wasn't any real standout action sequences. There was one with Diablo that was unexpected and cool, but he only really shined that one time when they could have used him and other characters in cool ways because of their powers and skills, but it was mostly average. Acting: There really wasn't much issue here because everyone played their parts well and strong emotion wasn't really needed since this was mostly aimed to be a fun action flick. Will Smith did his typical stand up which didn't hinder his action since we are used to this. Leto was great as the Joker but his acting was wasted since his character really had no depth or point the central plot. Joel Kinnaman did a good job as the leader of the squad and Margot was pretty much consistent with what we got from the Trailers and did a great job as Harley. Cara Delevingne had a bigger role than the trailer lead us to believe and she played her part well. Again, the acting wasn't the issue with this film, everyone played their parts, though Croc's dialog was hard to understand at times. Story: The story was very simplistic and not well put together. The screenplay was bad on some scenes did not flow perfectly from scene to scene and happened so fast it was hard to grasp or attach or relate to what was happening within the story at that time. In my opinion the story would have been better in a different sequence, so it's not necessarily a bad story, it was just was executed poorly. I understood what Ayer attempted, but it didn't work or mesh together well at all.Bottom line: I believe this movie was a failure mainly because of the Directing and choices made with the screenplay. Ayer and Kinnaman have both publicly denied that humor was added later but some of the jokes were so out of place and not funny it was just a waste of screen time(especially the unicorn thing). We could have used this time to get more action from the characters and a full sequence of why they were so dangerous and what skills they had. The movie felt so rushed and like scenes were missing that would make sense of some questions that we have. There were scenes from the trailers that were missing and you could definitely tell they were missing pieces from this film. The bonds between the characters were absent and undeveloped though this was a 2hr film? They considered each other "friends" but there was no rhyme or reason as to why they felt this way and there wasn't a common ground to bring these criminals together in this film because they were all solo acts, so Ayer failed to write a good reason for us to care for them or simply explain why they felt this way. This was important because it created two plot holes based on a decision DeadShot made and one that Harley made that didn't make sense because it wasn't explained why they would do what they did, the connection was completely missing! Last, the Joker was completely underutilized and had no intelligent purpose to the central story or even a side story. Did he have to be the main attraction? No, but Ayer failed to give him purpose and we couldn't connect with the character and get the full grasp of how good Leto did with Joker. He prob would have worked better only in Harley's flash backs and to explain how she got in the position to be in the squad, then maybe a bigger role in a later film. I could go further with the errors made in this film but spoilers would pursue...so with a rushed story, bad screenplay sequence and humor choices, the directing was mediocre and caused this movie to lose value, and held back its potential. I think a cast this big and with all the personalities of the characters, Ayer didn't know how to piece this together at a good pace. Films like Harsh Times, End of Watch, Fury were decent films, but he was in way over his head with SS.
평점: 10	리뷰: I AM A DC FAN, most of which were disappointed, aren't real DC Fans. Here's why. Suicide Squad was judged too quickly off of the trailer, plus the failure of Batman v Superman. What seems to be thrown around too much in these critic articles is that DC and Marvel are alike. No, they aren't. DC is a darker world, of course you're going to see the use of guns. In a world where the protagonist is against weapons (batman), the villains are obviously going to use them. NO SPOILERS. The movie is great, I loved it. I failed to see what's wrong with it other than the costume design (which we already understand from the trailer). Sure it was over hyped in the trailer, but that was the pitch, we were given that hype during the duration of the film. More towards the story line, it was basic to start with, we get our intro. The intro expands on the antagonists' back stories, due to certain events involving a dark entity (totally DC) and uncontrollable circumstances, they're forced into a squad. Due to the traits/powers each of them hold, it reflects their personalities. And like magnets, opposite personalities take time to mix. In certain scenes you start to understand how they bond over small things, it makes you feel for these bad people. A lot of critics have gone off of the quote Bad v Evil with this film, I don't necessarily think that's the case. I feel it's more Convicts v Demons. DC is entirely based around God V Man and I feel that Marvel has stolen the spot light with the lead up to that (our wait for Thanos). Suicide Squad has skipped that wait, which I feel is a good thing because it doesn't give us a cliff hanger. It's giving the fans what we want instantly, no money schemes for upcoming films like Marvel. Back to the film, I didn't think it was cringed or overly dramatized. Most of the characters lines came directly from the comic books, so these critics are idiots. If you've watched Batman v Superman, you're getting an improvement. Not everything starts perfectly. I believe DC is working its way up, and Marvel isn't happy. I recommend you see this film guys, it's worth it I promise.One more thing I thought I might add... Heath Ledgers joker was extremely different from the comic books Joker, don't be surprised if Jared Leto's Joker is also. Heath's was serious and dark, Jared's is the humorous balanced of brightness we get in this cinematic universe. 10/10, I walked into this film afraid of the reviews, I came out confused as to why. It's an incredible film DC.
평점: 7	리뷰: Well for starter this is my first review. I will keep it short but still as good as i can.For starter (technical): The movie has his good and bad moment. Its true the pacing in the first part is bam bam bam bam, and the second is more good. But to give credit its a movie about bad guys and nutheads so the pacing kinda clicks with that. THere are some very beautiful technical shots.The actors all did a good job, yes you can see the cast just loved to make this movie in particular Margot Robbie, its like she just had the time of her life. Will Smith is a good cast for deadshot has his hard (badass) edge and his soft core. THen you have Jared Leto. Well to say he nailed it right on the head. He's creepy and mentally in a good state of mind to play this character. He makes me think about the animated series. Compared to Heath (wich doesn't really make a case) in my opinion they are equal but different. I think Leto struck gold and in my opinion needs more screen time in Batman flicks or maybe a Solo movie (killing joke esq) Diablo and boomerang just nailed everything on there part. FOr the Plot and villain. There are some holes in the story where i didn't really know why it happened. That asside it clings together.TO conclude: The critics made some arguments that aren't to be discussed with. But To say its a bad movie and another fail for DCEU -> ITS not i think this is a very good step forward for the whole DCEU. Comparrason with BvS: Its lighter, funnier but in a way still dark and thats what makes DCEU apart from Marvel. The darker theemed movies and somethimes more reality.I hope this review helps you in a way to choose to view this flick. I'm in love and cant wait till Ayer releases a Directors Cut.
평점: 7	리뷰: This movie is in no way an amazing film but it's still alright. I enjoyed the characters ultimately because they all had something going for them. Most of the importance is given to Deadshot and Harley Quinn. I enjoyed Leto's Joker, I think it gives the iconic villain a new face whilst maintaining some important things that make the joker who he really is. However he isn't in this movie as much as all of us expected. If you've seen the trailers you've seen about 70% of his scenes. The movie struggled with its story slightly. It had a basic storyline but some subplots didn't make much sense. The action sequences are very good however at times it is a huge cgi-fest, take that however you will. I would've liked the villain or antagonist in this movie to have be a bit better to be honest.All in all this movie has some awesome moments and funny scenes. Those parts were very enjoyable whilst other scenes disappointed me.
평점: 7	리뷰: Suicide Squad was sailing on an ocean of high expectations after the disappoint which was given by Batman v Superman. So it's only natural for many to think that this movie was not good enough. (Although being a Marvel fan. I thoroughly enjoyed this movie)The movie had a very nice blend of comedy with gruesome seriousness. It gave a good competition to the other CBM's that have released this past year, but just fail to top the charts. Since the trailers had dropped, the good thing that David Ayer kept in mind was not to reveal any plot line to the public, as many people had lost their minds after what BvS had done.There are tons of lighthearted moments delivered by all the characters. Will Smith, Margot Robbie, Viola Davis, Jai Courtney, Jay Hernandez, Adewale Akinnuoye-Agbaje, Cara Delevingne and Joel Kinnaman all had done a brilliant job in their respective roles. The man to fill in big shoes was Jared Leto. And personally I found him to be a better Joker than his predecessor, Heath Ledger.All in all, this movie could've definitely been much much better given the characters and the universe it is involved in. They could've made more use of the characters, made the run time of the movie a little longer, and given a more elaborate build up to the villain.
평점: 4	리뷰: Yesterday I went to a sort of premier of this film and I found it so bad that I had to share the experience and ask viewers to stop feeding this blockbuster industry, just stop it. All the movies that have come out are just awful. There is no story! But still people pay to watch it, why? If you stop giving money to these people, maybe they'll start hiring new decent writers, directors, producers, editors, production designers, etc.This film had potential, it's a film that could have been great, but it was not because the production companies don't understand that the "big shots" don't know how to make decent films. I bet the shooting of blockbusters is similar to the shooting soap operas, the actor gets there and the director says "now pretend you're sad and say the line". There is no acting.I feel bad for the actors because this is the type of film that can ruin a career.Dear Hollywood, you know why everybody loves Deadpool? Because it was made by "nobodies" that actually understand cinema, "nobodies" that probably get along with the average person and understand him/her.PS: how did someone let a film with 1 Oscar winner and 2 Oscar nominees/should have been winners be so bad?
평점: 6	리뷰: I hadn't expected much for Suicide Squad despite the trailer quite promising. As I finished watching this movie today, I can conclude that this movie just plain and simple. This is a movie that you watch on your plasma TV at home while studying, doing paperwork, or scrolling down your Facebook news feed and Instagram.This movie has so many awkward and dull moments. All of the casts actually delivered good performance, but they couldn't do much with story and script like this. Except for Cara Delevigne, I dare to say she's done a terrible, stupid acting. And about David Ayer, he actually is a talented director, but appointed him as a writer for Suicide Squad was a gravely mistake.Just go watch it at cinema, but maybe most of you will be disappointed.
