영화제목: 10 Cloverfield Lane
평점: 7	리뷰: Relatively enjoyable, interesting little flick, which predominantly takes place in an underground bunker whilst the end of the world is playing outside...or is it?Great casting with Goodman & Winstead, reminisce of War of the Worlds Cruise & Robbins, but better acted & fleshed out. Walter Sobchak is a very underrated actor. He's genuinely creepy and unhinged in this.May polarise audiences(well maybe those with expectations), but it's pretty solid for the most part.The end seems a little tacked on, but there are worse things you can do for 90 mins....just don't expect Cloverfield, which in itself isn't a bad thing.7/10
평점: 9	리뷰: Two months ago, no one knew that 10 Cloverfield existed, let alone was about to be wide released in theaters. One month ago, no one had any idea how, if at all, this film was related to the 2008 film Cloverfield except for the obvious title and produced J.J. Abrams. And now, all is revealed. Sort of. Here's my review.One of the greatest things 10 Cloverfield Lane has to offer is that the audience really has no idea what to expect going into the film. Very much in the J.J Abrams way, the production for this film has been left completely under-wraps and the trailers have revealed next to nothing. That's one of the benefits for the movies, so I'm not going to spoil or give anything away in my synopsis or the review. I won't even tell you if this movie is indeed a Cloverfield sequel or if it's something different altogether. You'll have to find out for yourself, because I can tell you right now that you should spend the money to go see it in theaters.I'll be brief. A woman we know very little about named Michelle (Mary Elizabeth Winstead) is involved in a car crash in a breath taking opening credit sequence. She wakes up a few days later to find herself in an underground bunker with Howard (John Goodman), a large and crazed eyed farmer standing above her. He tells her that she can't leave, because some sort of disaster has happened and it's not safe to go outside. Finding herself alone with Howard and another man named Emmett (John Gallagher Jr.), and I'm stealing their tag line here because it's a dang good tag line, they find out that Monsters come in many forms.Obviously I had no idea to expect when I went into 10 Cloverfield Lane. No one did. But within the first five minutes they set the tone so you know what kind of movie they are going for, and I found myself instantly engaged. For the rest of the film, I was floored with what was going on. Director Dan Trachtenberg takes the reigns on creating a film that will hit you with the unexpected, and leave your jaw hanging.The best word I could think of to describe this film while I was watching it was claustrophobic. For the scenes that takes place in the bunker (I'm not saying how much of the screen time that actually is) they create such an intense and nervous atmosphere that you feel yourself getting antsy along with the characters. That's because for almost the whole film, we don't really know what's going on. We know what John Goodman is telling us and leading us to believe, but we have no idea if that's reliable or not. We discover things along with the characters, which is why this film is such a good build up. When the conclusion to the film finally comes, you leave more than satisfied. But don't ruin it for yourself by looking up online spoilers to see if it is a Cloverfield sequel. Spend the money. See the movie. Find out for yourself. It's worth it.I've heard the argument and I've sited it a few times in past reviews, that the best way to bring out great performances in actors is to lock them in a single setting film where they having nothing to hide their performance behind. That's what happens here. Mary Elizabeth Winstead, an actress who deserves to get more work than she does, played the character so well as she captures the nervous ticks without acting completely helpless the whole time. In the end, she was pretty bad-ass. John Gallagher Jr., a character who could have been super annoying, ended up being great in the film too, and had really good chemistry with Mary Elizabeth Winstead.But the stand-out of the film if John Goodman. John Goodman is in so many films every year that we sometimes take him for granted and forget how good of an actor he can be when he's not mailing it in (whatever Hangover film he was in. I forget) but rather commits whole heartedly to a role. That's what happens here. He could have easily over-cooked his performance where it came of as cartoon-y or unrealistic, but he hit just the right level of disturbing and off-putting where you are crept out by the guy but you can't be sure if he's in the right or wrong. It's a performance similar to Joel Edgerton's in The Gift.ALSO just read on IMDb that Bradely Cooper's voice appeared over a cell-phone in one scene. I knew I had heard the voice somewhere but I couldn't put my finger on it until now.At no point of 10 Cloverfield Lane does the film slow down or lose interest. It uses it's hour and forty five minute runtime, a surprisingly long one for this type of film, to achieve the best possible effects. The film flies by and I found myself never wanting it to be over. 10 Cloverfield Lane is a movie you should rush out to the theater to go see. Accept that you know nothing about it going in, and enjoy that experience. Because it's something that doesn't happen often and it's a rare gift when it does. 10 Cloverfield Lane has a lot to offer despite the fact that it's a very small film. In fact, regardless of the fact if they are in the same universe, I'll say I enjoyed 10 Cloverfield Lane more than I enjoyed Cloverfield itself. And I want to see the story continued in a sequel. 10 Cloverfield Lane gets an A-, it's one of my favorite films of 2016 so far. Go see it this weekend. " - brands42
평점: 9	리뷰: The first thing I'll say is that I'm not going to spoil a single thing about this film (other than how good it is), because everyone deserves the chance to see this film as I did - without a clue to the answer of the mystery and simply looking for any shred of evidence to guide my opinion. I actually had very little idea what kind of a film I was in for with '10 Cloverfield Lane'. I had seen 'Cloverfield' years back and mildly enjoyed it (according to the rating I gave it on IMDb) but could remember very little of it. I knew what the plot was about and that it was a "found footage" film but could remember almost zero specifics. I can tell you though that I won't be forgetting specifics about this sequel for a very long time.I love nothing more than a well created mystery where the audience are left in the same confused state as the character/s and are filling in the pieces of the puzzle as the same pace that they are. This is one of those films. I see it was originally titled 'The Cellar' before it was reworked into a 'Cloverfield' sequel and I can very well imagine it working all on its own as a stand-alone thriller. John Goodman is the star of the show. He truly can be a brilliant actor when he sets his mind to a character. He plays the role perfectly never giving away any more than he needs to and adds to the mystery surrounding everything perfectly. Mary Elizabeth Winstead also impressed me in the lead role. She's likable and bad ass depending on the scene and plays both equally well.I can't say enough about how much I enjoyed this film. I think it helps when you go in with no real expectations (as I can imagine a lot of audience members doing for this type of film) and then just out of nowhere you find yourself enjoying the hell out of it. As previously stated I won't give anything away, which leaves my hands tied a touch in discussing one of the key aspects of the film. All that's really left to say in that case is see this film!
평점: 8	리뷰: Full disclosure: The year is 2007. A trailer hits cinema screens advertising a mysterious film named "Cloverfield." Nobody knows what it's about, except that it's riding on the wave of the found footage genre, and that it seems to depict a giant monster attack on New York. Speculation immediately breaks out all over the internet, but nowhere more fiercely than on the IMDb forums, with many folks being caught up in the genius viral marketing. I myself was one of those people, along with my wife. Yes, we met on IMDb's Cloverfield forum. She moved from the US to Australia a few years after, we got married, and we've lived together happily ever since.Yes, that is the power of film; it can bring people together in the most unlikely ways possible.So, it's with some excitement that we were blindsided by the brief and vague advertising campaign for 10 Cloverfield Lane. Does it have any connections to the original Cloverfield? What's JJ Abrams playing at here, exactly? Without giving too much away, it's not a direct sequel, but rather a sequel in tone. I'm assuming Abrams is going for an anthology style series here, with each entry being a different story tied together by their themes and science-fiction setting. It's clearly a marketing thing, but if that means we'll get more films like this, I'm certainly okay with it.10 Cloverfield Lane eschews its predecessor's found-footage trappings, and immerses us in a classic style bottle thriller. The setting is limited and claustrophobic, and the cast small, but the story and tension will grab you and not let up until the end. The nature of the mystery means your opinion will hang very precariously on whether you like that ending, and I suspect it will be divisive. There's not a great deal of resolution, and if I'm correct in assuming this will be an anthology series from now on, I doubt we'll ever get any. But that's fine, because I don't think the story that would follow the film really needs to be told.What matters are the performances. John Goodman is the real draw card here. He gives a stunning turn that is delightful, sympathetic and absolutely terrifying in equal doses. He's had so many great roles in the past, but he is unforgettable here. Mary Elizabeth Winstead is also very likable as the resourceful protagonist. Perhaps a little too resourceful at times, but for the most part we're with her happily throughout.The film looks fantastic despite the cramped environs, with great use of color and shadow and some interesting cinematography. There are some nice designs and special effects toward the end of the film, even if they may be considered a little derivative. The score is tense and effective, and keeps you on the edge of your seat.The script is great with very little flab, and if you like these kinds of stories which lock characters together in tight, paranoid spaces then you'll find a lot to enjoy here. Just don't go in expecting Cloverfield 2, because this is not it. It's its own beast, and has a brave ending that you'll either love or hate.
평점: 6	리뷰: 10 Cloverfield Lane is a sci-fi mystery film considered to be a "blood relative" of the 2008 film Cloverfield. In all honesty, I'm not really sure what to make of what I have just seen. While I enjoyed the suspense and mystery surrounding the plot, the pay-off wasn't really worth the effort.After surviving a car crash, a young woman named Michelle (Mary Elizabeth Winstead) wakes up to find herself in a sealed-shut underground bunker owned by a middle-aged man named Howard (John Goodman). Howard tells Michelle there has been a chemical attack and that the rest of the outside world has become uninhabitable as a result. Michelle, believing she is being held captive by Howard, attempts to think of a plan to escape the bunker and see what is really going on outside.Even though I admired the film's ability to build suspense and a sense of realism, I found the ending somewhat anti-climactic. It's difficult for me to go into too much detail without giving away major spoilers so I'll just say that it left me confused. Both John Goodman and Mary Elizabeth Winstead give very good performances. Goodman in particular was very menacing throughout the film. You don't need to have seen the original film to understand what is happening in this one so if you like suspense films, then this film is for you. Unlike the original, this is not a found footage film.From a technical standpoint, I rate it 7/10. From a regular film going experience, I rate it 6/10.
평점: 6	리뷰: I was excited to see this movie as I knew nothing about it from the trailers. When the trailer showed the movie revolving around people trapped in a bunker unable to leave, I thought they were misleading us, and the truth about what was outside would be the primary plot and it would somehow relate to the events of Cloverfield. It doesn't, there isn't even a mention of those events. This is not a spoiler, it's a warning, so that you don't watch a film for reasons it doesn't deserve.It seems the intention of this film was always to be nothing other than a thriller about a woman in captivity, and anything else that may happen was an afterthought, because someone wanted to cash-in on the name recognition Cloverfield would bring.The acting is great though, the atmosphere is very tense and exchanges between characters are awkward which is hard to pull off with someone as lovable as John Goodman. On the flip side it's plagued by jump-scares which creates a false sense of unease, as I never knew when the next loud noise would strike.Had the movie just told a story without lying about it's connections to another movie, and not used jump scares, I would respect it as a thriller if that's what the intention was. The ending was not worth waiting through the rest of it to see. As it stands, I don't recommend anyone see it in cinemas, but see it on DVD if you want to.
평점: 9	리뷰: Extremely suspenseful and enigmatic! Within minutes of the beginning of the movie, you will be sucked into the twisted and claustrophobic subterranean world at 10 Cloverfield Lane. Not directly connected to Cloverfield (2008), this film quite possibly takes us to a moment concurrent to or just before/after the events in New York City caught on the handicam. Director Dan Trachtenberg and Producer J.J. Abrams work together to shock the audience with a movie that will keep you guessing right up until the end. Brilliantly cast and written, 10 Cloverfield Lane is an excellent old- school feeling horror film that you have got to experience in IMAX. Just when you think you have it figured out, you will immediately begin to second guess yourself. Probably the most brilliant part of the film is the fact that three principle characters can keep your interest and attention the entire time without ever a feeling of boredom or annoyance. From the writing to the cinematography and visual effects, this film is sure to keep you on the tip of your toes.Following a car accident, Michelle (Mary Elizabeth Winstead) wakes up with an IV in her arm and chained to a wall. With no cell reception and no recollection of what happened, she begins to fear the worst. Upon meeting her capture Howard (John Goodman), she fears for her life. Not buying his story about saving her and keeping her from the hard during the fallout from the attack, Michelle attempts to escape. Failing to overcome Howard, she slowly begins to accept the worst. To her surprise, she is not the only one in Howard's fallout shelter. Michelle meets Emmett (John Gallagher Jr). Thinking that Emmett's injuries are from escaping, she learn that his broken arm is from fighting to get INTO Howard's shelter. With this new revelation, Michelle begins to settle into life with Howard and Emmett. Still, something just isn't right. From car noises to sunshine, Michelle has doubts of the alleged apocalypse and must solve the mysteries, puzzles, and covertly plan her escape.One of the most intriguing elements of the movie is personally feeling the claustrophobia that the principle cast is experiencing in the movie. That is thanks to the excellent cinematography, production design, and lighting. That additional experiential element is not terribly common in films, even horror cinema. But it was very instrumental in generating the feeling of suspense, anticipation, and intrigue during the movie. Much like Super 8 and in the vein of other J.J. Abrams' Bad Robot productions, the movie begins with a fantastic and blood curdling accident. Just like a roller-coaster, once that car accident hits the screen, the movie will take you up and down thrilling hills on a track that you will struggle to see 10 feet ahead. It's difficult to talk about how the movie keeps you guessing and second guessing yourself without giving away a lot of what makes the movie thrilling. So, you will just have to take my word for it. Like with any good horror/suspense movie, it is necessary to include strategic comedic relief or lighthearted moments. And writers Drew Goddard, Daniel Casey, Matthew Stuecken, and Josh Campbell weave together a brilliant combination of terror and humor to keep the movie alive and dynamic.John Goodman is absolutely brilliant in the film. Not that he has anything to prove. He is one of those actors who, with the slightest tweak of the face or shift of the eyes, can have you laughing one second and terrified the next. His ability to turn his character's emotion on a dime makes him equally weird/quirky and frightening all at the same time throughout the story. Is he a weird old man who, in his own awkward and bizarre way, is keeping Michelle and Emmett from hard or his is a sadistic serial killer who forms inappropriate intimate bonds with his "guests"? That is for you to discover in the movie. Both Mary Elizabeth Winstead and John Gallagher Jr were perfect choices for their respective roles as well. Winstead brings that independent spirit and look to the character of Michelle and Gallagher provides the audience with a country boy charm. The ability for an actor to capture the emotion of extreme terror and sell it as a legitimate, believable emotion is tough. Selling that acute and powerful emotion can make or break a horror film–if the director's intent is to make the story as real as possible and not a parody or satire of itself.You may be wondering how this film is even loosely connected to 2008's Cloverfield. And that connection isn't really made until the end of the third act of the movie. Unfortunately, I cannot go into too much detail without giving away the climactic and over-the-top ending, but I can say that it does a great job of being connected just enough that it can essentially stand on its own but when you think of how it is or could be connected to Cloverfield, then the movie becomes all the more intriguing. Interestingly, the manner in which this installment in the Cloverfield universe was directed and produced, it definitely could begin a franchise with movies that are never directly connected to the previous film or even Super 8, but are taking place at or near the same time, each with it's own respective story.It isn't often that I watch movies that are best seen in IMAX, but this is definitely one that is best appreciated and experienced in IMAX; however, if you want to take the old-school feel of the movie to a who other level, then you may want to consider watching the movie at a local drive-in. However you choose to watch the film, you are going to definitely enjoy the adventure.
평점: 10	리뷰: Maybe to be attached to that "Cloverfield" movie back in 2008 (Does the time fly?) is the only misstep of this powerful movie. And that thing can be quickly pardoned. Because "10 Cloverfield Lane" is a surprising masterpiece of tension at a small scale that leaves the audience with a big chill far away from the theater.The less you know about the movie, the better. Also the less you expect somewhat of a direct follow up from the previous, even much better. Although that won't be a problem because the pace of this movie grabs you since the moment Mary Elisabeth Winsted picks the car and then it never let you go. The story is inventive and involving as well the round of performances. Menawhile Winstead is marvelous in the movie and Gallagher Jr. is really good there is John Goodman who gives the really first Oscar-worthy performance of the year. Goodman has always being associated to a comedic roles and he is fully capable of it. But in this terrific thriller he's masterful and flawless. Every time he appears steals the screen.With a conclusion that will divide the audience (I personally loved it, leaving you terrifically satisfied and pinning up for more) and counting some people that may find this movie a bit of hollow because they were looking for a more prominent monster, "10 Cloverfield Lane" is a brave and groundbreaking "sequel" that has turned itself into its own. Its "blood connection" to the first may be more for a ticket sale rather than a continuation, but this is a independent movie that must be experienced immediately. Don't let anyone to spoil you anything of the plot.
평점: 9	리뷰: If this is going to be an anthology or if this is going to be followed by that rumored third installment that has been recently spoiled by J.J. Abrahms, I can say that nobody doubts about the secretly marketed "10 Cloverfield Lane" is a great movie on its own. And a movie that if it were spoiled by someone here or at any review would be cruel.Since the start it reveals to be a movie that doesn't hide an ace, but a hundred.The pace can be a little slow at the first half only to add more and more tension, hooking the audience and introducing them into the movie like they were one of the people inside that bunker.John Goodman will be a real trend the future days thanking its superb performance. He's so twisty, complex developed character. He and Mary Elisabeth Winstead make the movie shine alongside the story.The story is so little, then so game-changer, with twists and turns that are smart rather than empty. It's one of that makes you guess all the time.The ending is more of a bang than a whimper. Even when it succumbs to the action and polemic moves, it will leave you on a grim and high note, pestering for another outing if it's any good like this.If the "Cloverfield" that started it all was about speaking without breath and CGI scares, this "10 Cloverfield Lane" is about deeper intentions, deeper tension and personal stuff that is scarier than a giant monster. While the connection to that movie is not so remarkable until the finale, this installment is so brilliant on its own, so well marketed (without ruining any twist) and so well ended that will surely please any viewer who were looking for a damn good movie. This is a scary movie like the classic ones. Don't miss it.
평점: 9	리뷰: After a bitter fight with her fiancé, Michelle (Mary Elizabeth Winstead) packs a bag and rushes off in her car. When her vehicle is suddenly hit and veers off the road, she loses consciousness only to awake a short time later chained to a wall in a desolate concrete room. Her captor introduces himself as Howard (John Goodman) and informs the petrified young girl that he has not kidnapped her, but actually saved her life from a devastating attack by foreign forces that has made the outside world no longer habitable. As Michelle is slowly allowed to explore the fallout bunker that is now her home, she begins to suspect that Howard has not been truthful about their situation or his intentions.The music really sets the tone for this peculiar little thriller. Seemingly innocuous events are immediately ominous when Bear McCreary's sensationally skin-crawling notes begin plucking at nerves. And it leads to a forceful, shocking title sequence, unmasking the "Cloverfield" name as well as a subtle reference to "10 Rillington Place," an obscure British crime drama based on an actual serial killer.But therein lies the problem with "10 Cloverfield Lane." It's quite obviously two separate pictures: an unnerving cat-and-mouse game in a claustrophobic, perpetually suspicious, downright scary environment - and producer J.J. Abrams' independent influence on what was clearly a straightforward (but not without twisty moments of surprise), reality-based mystery. Had the two concepts been integrated proportionally, or perhaps if the traumatic revelations appeared in a different order, the fusion of incompatible elements could have been acceptable - or even uncommonly creative. Instead, audiences will be left with a feeling of incongruous projects getting warped together, solely to capitalize on the name recognition of the title to boost the viewership of what was, all by itself, a completely competent thriller."I'm sorry, but no one is looking for you." It may look like a simple premise, but this three-person show is a nicely deceitful, wily character study and chilling adventure. Goodman is perfectly creepy as the abductor, who induces unwavering apprehension while harboring just a hint of neighborly concern (or perverse familial preservation). When his deceptively good intentions lean toward something along the lines of Stockholm syndrome-grooming, Winstead (and John Gallagher Jr. in a convincing turn) takes the spotlight as a proactive fighter resourcefully scrounging for clues or defense. Peppered with small bouts of comedy to calm audiences just long enough to rattle them with the next affright, the pacing is keen and the abundance of unknowns keeps things entertainingly agitating. The cinematography is also well used to cheat the visibility of dangers just offscreen. But by the end, despite successfully jangling nerves and generating roller-coaster horrors, "10 Cloverfield Lane" can't escape the sense that an enormously unrelated story has been repurposed for the sake of marketability.The Massie Twins
평점: 4	리뷰: As in many movies of the genre it is the sound effects that create the suspense. The plot raises more questions than it answers: why was Michelle restrained by the leg behind a heavily locked door? How come her leg healed so quickly? Why did her mobile phone work at all if everything out there was destroyed? Why was the bunker lit by so many power consuming lamps? The movie did not convey a sense of time, how long after the disaster was it before that woman banged on the outside door? The sutured cut on the forehead healed nicely, how long does that take? The more I think about that movie the more crap I think it was except for Goodman who was excellent.
평점: 6	리뷰: I'm a bit torn about how to review this movie. On one hand, certain parts of it were really good and intense. I jumped at moments. On the other hand, the story had some strange beats and became boring in the middle lulling me into complacency and even though it returned with a bang, it still felt like there were some unnecessary parts that could've left more for the ending.The acting was great between John Goodman, Mary Elizabeth Winstead, and John Gallagher Jr.. Winstead carried the film but this isn't her first time in the driver's seat of a horror movie. She did well in The Thing and did well here as well. Goodman was extra intriguing as a creepy bunker builder. Most of the movie depends on the acting performances and takes place within the confines of the bunker so it's nice that the actors are quality.Check out more of this review and others at swilliky.com
평점: 8	리뷰: Prepare for one hell of an experience when you go to see this movie. As you probably have heard or read by now, this is not a sequel to 2008's Cloverfield. 10 Cloverfield Lane is its own original story but does have some certain familiar elements. Like Cloverfield, this film really holds back on spectacle. In fact, the spectacle does not really happen until the final act. But what makes 10 Cloverfield Lane its own thing is the psychological thrill and tensions it creates in a small confined space.Where Cloverfield was shown through a camera lens with the action being based on how the characters react to the destruction and chaos, 10 Cloverfield Lane's action is based how the film's lead Michelle decides on what to strategically do next. And it is though her, we explore the film's compact but yet also big story. From the beginning of the film, it strongly uses tiny visuals to tell this complex, psychological mystery with little clues that requires your eyes's utmost attention. And the more you learn, the more you begin to question whether the interior of the bunker with this seemingly crazy man or the outside world that may have been destroyed by an unknown threat is more dangerous.Much like how Matt Reeves broke out with the original Cloverfield, the same can be said for Dan Trachtenberg. He carefully builds up tension within scenes that can have no music but makes your heart as background sounds the tiny echoes, ticking clock and to loud rumbles. Trachtenberg has created this very rich but yet claustrophobic world within this bunker that the majority of the film takes place in. Would not be surprised be if Trachtenberg gets offered to work on any future Marvel, DC or Star Wars projects.But the key to this film's success are its perfect performance by the only three leads. Mary Elizabeth Winstead proves that she should be more recognized by now as she shows that her character Michelle is no damsel in distress. Winstead shows wide combination of intelligence, fear and emotional damage. Much like Matt Damon in The Martian, she proves to be very resourceful throughout the plot. She shows this great arc of her character going from being emotionally vulnerable to a MacGyver survivalist and ultimately ending up as the next Sarah Conner or Ellen Ripley. And the ultimate contrast to that is John Goodman's paranoid and terrifying Howard. This is by fay the most creepy and scary performance I have seen of John Goodman. From his intimidating physicality and creeping, suspicious stare, Goodman perfectly plays this character as someone who forcefully tries to stay in command and has strong trust issues. But Goodman does show there is a hint of a soft side to Howard which makes you wonder if he is telling the truth or not at times. John Gallagher Jr. also serves well as the ally to Michelle and comedic relief. His performance helps you to become greatly attached to his character.Many may complain that final act will feel tonally inconsistent with the rest of the movie but I felt it was a great payoff to everything that Michelle goes through and helps to complete her arc.10 Cloverfield Lane is not Cloverfield 2 and nor should it be. In terms of storytelling, it is a far more superior then the original Cloverfield. And the tension and scary sounds is only enhanced when you see it in Imax. I would recommend seeing this movie sooner rather then later to avoid someone spoiling it.
평점: 8	리뷰: It was 2008 when Matt Reeves and producer J.J Abrams blow audiences away with their found-footage hit 'Cloverfield, a film that reignited the found footage genre. This year, first-time director Dan Trachtenburg brings us a supposed sequel that was kept a secret for quite some time before finally making its way on the media. Embracing on a solid technical scale and a gripping atmosphere, this spiritual successor formulates a whole new direction while concealing a relation with its predecessor. Instead of fostering a cast of characters fighting to survive against on a terrifying, large scale disaster orchestrated by a giant monster the size of Godzilla, this film sizes down on a trio of characters confined one single room. The film stars Mary Elizabeth Winstead as Michelle, a young woman leaving her home to escape from an ill relationship with her boyfriend. On the road, Michelle is unexpectedly injured in a car accident and thrown off the road. She wakes up in an underground bunker sheltered by an old farm owner Howard (played by John Goodman) and his bearded colleague Emmett (played by John Gallagher Jr.) who vows to protect her from the widespread terror of what he believes is a doomsday event that lies in the outside world. Before too long, Howard's strange behavior leaves her questioning whether she is safe, or has just stepped foot in another bad situation.This film is not quite everything you may expect from watching the trailer. Unlike the first film, the found footage style is not used as this film takes place primarily inside the bunker. So the setting is designed to give viewers a genuine sense of claustrophobia, and it definitely suites the tone of the story. And with the decent cinematography, sound editing, and the typical J.J Abrams-style visuals setting the picture, viewers are blessed with some well crafted scenes from the start to end. The film progresses through plenty of scenes gleaming with powerful suspense and palpable tension that dares to leave viewers holding their breaths and leaning at the edge of their seats. These scenes embrace such a tense, heart-pounding atmosphere enough to keep viewers engaged with the characters and story. Nearly every scene is unpredictable. From near beginning to end, it becomes a terrifying showcase where you almost frequently have to remind yourself you're not one who is trapped in that confined space. While the pacing is slow at some spots, it builds up to its gripping climax at the end where the story's connection with its predecessor begins to shine a little light. Mary Elizabeth pulls off her role as the main character, but the biggest gem comes from John Goodman playing Howard, a performance so strong, if appropriately terriyfing it keeps the story moving. John Gallagher Jr. is pretty decent here as well. These actors excel at making their characters believable in every sense.10 Cloverfield Lane is a fantastic spiritual successor to 2008's Cloverfield, and probably one of the best suspense thrillers to be released in a while. This movie is very well shot with sweet cinematography, nicely directed for a first-time filmmaker, and brings grueling suspense to keep viewers at the edge of their seats. It should come to no surprise that there are some notable connections to the original Cloverfield, but I'm not gonna give them away. Overall, even if you haven't seen the 2008 film, this film is still worth an experience.
평점: 7	리뷰: After years and years of waiting for a sequel to clover field, looking up news every now and then on productions starting and etc i was happy to find out its coming soon. JJ Abrams is great i thought. but this movie was awful. he turned an underrated American Godzilla movie into a movie about how people get crazy and aliens attacking. in the ending the girl escapes and finds out that alien saucers are flying around with a poisoning chemicals to kill humans and picks up civilians just like in War of the worlds. despite the creature being 4 stories tall she kills it with a cocktail she conveniently finds. when she drives away she hears distress calls coming from the radio to come over similar to that of i am legend. this movie straight out ruined the franchise.
평점: 9	리뷰: When 10 Cloverfield Lane was announced a few months ago, I had the same reaction that everybody else did: what the hell is this and how have I not heard about it before?When rumours broke that it was just a regular movie that was slapped with the Cloverfield brand in post production for marketing hype, I was less than thrilled. I expected a very cynical cash grab. I am incredibly grateful to have been proved wrong. First things first, this is NOT a sequel to the 2008 Cloverfield. It is a standalone film in its own universe. Like the original, 10 Cloverfield Lane crosses between horror and science fiction, with a very strong psychological thriller element throughout. If you were expecting a direct sequel, complete with the Clover monster and the creepy parasites, I'm afraid you'll be rather disappointed. I admit that it was wrong of Bad Robot to never come out and explain what the film really is. Throwing around terms like "blood relative" or "spiritual successor" just caused more confusion and imbued a false sense of hope that the original monster would show up at the end. SPOILERS... he does not.However, what you will get instead is a brilliantly crafted film with the perfect tone. It honestly gave me one of the most enjoyable theatre experiences I've had in years. When it's meant to be scary, it's scary. When it's meant to be funny, it's funny. And when it's meant to be balls out crazy, it's balls out crazy. I was smiling the whole way through, loving every second. The performances were terrific. John Gallagher, Jr gave Emmett the right kind of charisma with a genuine thoughtfulness. As I'm sure everyone has heard by now, John Goodman was exceptional. His role as Howard was incredibly gripping, intense and also lighthearted. Walking the fine line between sane and insane, Goodman never faltered and kept the audience guessing who the character really was.The real standout here was Mary Elizabeth Winstead, who channelled Sigourney Weaver in Alien during the entire film. Her ability to show genuine fear, confusion, cleverness and strength made her character instantly likable and relatable. Unfortunately, I'm worried that the title will hurt the film's success. I loved the movie from beginning to end and I'm a fan of the proposed "Cloverfield anthology series", but it would have been safer to keep the original working title of "The Cellar" to avoid any misunderstanding. From a business perspective, having Cloverfield in the name would generate significant buzz and probably bring in greater box office numbers. However, if word of mouth spreads that it's not "Cloverfield 2", angry fans could avoid seeing it out of spite. But I'm imploring you... just because this is not Cloverfield 2 doesn't mean you shouldn't see it. It's a great movie that subverts your predictions, surpasses expectations and never stops being entertaining. Do yourself a favour and see 10 Cloverfield Lane.
평점: 8	리뷰: This movie started with a preliminary title called The Cellar and it would've been a fantastic name for the film. It's dark, creepy, bordering on claustrophobic where every moment keeps you in a state of near tension as to what is going to happen next. I cannot state how impressive John Goodman is in this film. His acting range is beyond that of almost any I can think of at the moment. He is absolutely captivating every time he's on film and every time you begin to think you understand his motivations, you're wrong. Mary Elizabeth Winstead is excellent in her role. She in a tough position as the protagonist and needs to carry herself against the dominating presence of Goodman. She is capable and adapts well as her situation changes.John Gallagher Jr. is just plain likable. He's a good foil for the other actors and it's a chance for him to expand his name recognition.As for the film itself, I'm going to be deliberately vague as I don't want to spoil anything. The movie keeps the tension level up without fail and the minutes fly by. I recommend trying to know as little as possible before going in to seeing the film as the twists are a necessary part of the drama. Overall, the film is highly recommended. Just experience the tension, the fantastic acting and enjoy the ride.
평점: 10	리뷰: It isn't very often that you can go see a movie at the theater and not have the slightest idea of where it'll take you. Even more rare is when a movie like that delivers a wholly original story that's even more satisfying than you ever thought it would be.'10 Clover-field Lane' is a perfect reminder that films can still surprise us, delight us, and horrify us in a way that's never been done before. Mark my words, Dan Trachtenberg will be a force to be reckoned with in the future. His feature length directorial debut is a showcase for his absolute confidence and strength as a storyteller and filmmaker, and I can't wait to see what he does next.Of course, it always helps to have the likes of J. J. Abrams and Bad Robot standing behind you, and their experience and talent absolutely boosts this film into the stratosphere.As far as acting is concerned, Mary Elizabeth Winstead gives her best performance yet, and shows us a strong lead character who's completely believable in a situation that plays out like a horrible nightmare. Speaking of bad dreams, John Goodman turns in a performance unlike anything he's ever done before, and manages to be both strangely sweet and unbearably creepy. And John Gallagher, Jr. nails his roll perfectly and adds some much needed levity to a story that's almost overwhelmingly claustrophobic.I've been thinking about what film I could use to compare '10 Clover-field Lane' to, and while I think even a comparison to a specific film might give too much away, I feel safe in saying that it is absolutely Hitchcock. It's a brilliant, brilliant movie that's told in the best possible way: by showing, not telling.Go and see it as soon as you can.
평점: 7	리뷰: Women imagine spinning out of control in a car accident, then waking up in an underground concrete bunker lying on a mattress in your underwear with your broken leg manacled by a chain and lock and your behind a steel door. Then you find it's occupied by two men, who claim the outside world is under attack by either the Russians or maybe Aliens. This is the world Mary Elizabeth Winstead's character Michelle finds herself transported to in the latest production of the genius JJ Abrahams. The premise is a slow burner at first,but things gain pace rapidly on a downhill slide to discover the mysteries that lie buried at this address. Not even Bovines are safe in this scenario created by Director Dan Trachtenberg. It's hard to believe this is his feature directorial debut. Unlike the original "Cloverfield" which was a huge shaky cam effort this movie could even work as a stage play with a tight knit cast on basically one set for the majority of the PG rated drama, mystery cum sci-fi flick. "Lane" could easily be some of John Goodman's best acting ever as the hauntingly crazy eyed Howard. It won't be at the Oscars next year, but it is a good story well told and relies on very few digital effects. If you go expecting a sequel to "Cloverfield" you may be disappointed, but if you approach this as part of a Twilight Zone series then enjoy...I did.
평점: 1	리뷰: This would have to be on my list of one of the worst low-budget movies ever. We had a hectic week at work and thought we'd go and watch this one. Wow- a total let down. Plot was weak, acting was average and the 'believability factor' was a huge 0.Please don't waste your money. Seriously - caught between a nut-job and aliens? Who on earth thinks of these silly plots - obviously someone did!Acid baths, cold blooded killing, nut jobs, aliens, scary monster - really really not good
평점: 7	리뷰: 10 cloverfield Lane is directed by Dan Trachtenberg and stars Mary Elizabeth Winstead, John Goodman, and John Gallagher Jr. First off, we all know that this movie came out of nowhere and they didn't very give us much about the plot. I loved going into this movie knowing nothing. I will say that I enjoyed this movie a lot but it did have small/minor problems. The acting, directing was fantastic by everyone. It was such a small cast but the tension between everyone was done great. John Goodman plays this creepy dude so great. Lots of great scenes with him but who steals the movie is Mary Elizabeth Winstead. She was amazing. She has proved she can carry a whole movie and I hope she gets more roles after this. Now Dan Trachtenberg. This is was his first big time movie and he also knocked it out of the park. Also excited to see what he does next. Now the minor problems I've had with it. The first one is at times the movie slows down, only like once or twice and the other part where I think people will be split is the ending. It ends in an odd way, which some people will like and some won't. For me I was in the middle, it was an okay ending. Overall 10 Cloverfield Lane was a great thriller/mystery with fantastic performances by everyone. Every scene was shot great thanks to Trachtenberg. Only true negative would be the ending, which will leave people split. You should go see it in theaters.
평점: 9	리뷰: If you saw the first "Cloverfield (2008)" and are expecting this to be a sequel, think again. There were times when me and my family were watching this when I actually questioned whether or not this film was even related to "Cloverfield (2008)". But it is. As J.J. Abrahams said, 10 "Cloverfield Lane (2015)" is very much "... a blood relative to Cloverfield"."10 Cloverfield Lane (2016)" is the directorial debut of Dan Trachtenberg and stars Marry Winstead, John Goodman, and John Gallagher Jr. Normally, it would be at this point in the review that I would give a brief synopsis of the plot of the movie, but I'm a huge fan of the ad campaign in that is kept the movie an utter mystery. It is best experienced when you know ABSOLUTELY NOTHING.This movie grips the audience by the throat and doesn't let go. With incredible performances from its cast, and, in my opinion, the best performance of John Goodman's career. I'm keeping this review short because I really don't want you to know anything else, just watch it for yourself. It's a hell of a ride.
평점: 8	리뷰: I read several reviews before going in to this movie last night. Most reviewers gave it an average of 9 out of 10, so I was expecting nothing less than pretty close to perfect. Looking back, that was a mistake, I should have set my expectations lower.Was the movie watchable?...Yes...Was it worth $40 for two tickets, popcorn and a coke? NO My advice, if you are going to go see this movie, set your expectations low and you might like it, or even love it. But I recommend saving your money and renting it later, because while the movie was decent, its not worth paying to see it in the theaters.
평점: 8	리뷰: 10 Cloverfield Lane currently seems to be gaining A LOT of controversy on the Internet. I myself was a huge fan of the original film, having seen it multiple times I consider myself a big fan of all things Cloverfield. So of course you can imagine my excitement to this movie being announced 2 months before release.So I head to my local theater on opening night, I expected that the only people who would be there would be die-hard Cloverfield fans like myself. And I was right for the most part. There we all were, sitting down, popcorn ready, all smiles and ready to see the continuation of a long gone franchise.I know now what the people who saw the Phantom Menace for the first time felt. Make no mistake this movie isn't actually bad, just disappointing. I feel very conflicted about this movie, so let me review it as best as I can, good things first.Well the good part? The film is gripping with performance. We only have 3 lead actors in this movie but they all do a very good job. John Goodman is uneasy and menacing as his character, Mary Elizabeth Winstead is fantastic as Michelle and John Gallagher, Jr. as Emmett is also very good. They're basically the only characters we have throughout the film and luckily they do a great job. If any of them had given a bad performance then this film would have been a disaster.And the emotion the film creates in you has to be commended as well! It serves up good doses of paranoia and the feeling of claustrophobia. You legitimately feel as though you're in this bunker with these people. Now let's get down to the bad. Simply put 10 Cloverfield Lane is a double-sided blade. On on hand you can recognize that this is a good film. But on the other hand the movie is hurt by its title. It's no secret that when you have the word 'Cloverfield' in your title, people will expect, oh I don't know A MONSTER. It would be like if Steven Spielberg released a movie called 'Tales of Jaws.' You would fully expect this to be a movie about Jaws and you'd get excited. But then when you head in the theater you realize that the movie is just comprised of a series of stories set in the sea with no relation to Jaws.You're fully expecting to see anything related to Cloverfield as you watch this movie but there's nothing! The best I can figure is the presence of the company Slusho which is a big part of the Cloverfield mythology. But your average moviegoer isn't going to know this! The average moviegoer expects to see a monster or maybe hear about the fate of the characters from the first movie but there's nothing!Something horrible is that it seems like at times the movie ITSELF is misleading you. There are moments in this movie when it seems like Clover (the monster from Cloverfield) is going to show up. And by the time the ending of the movie rolls around you're 99% sure that Clover is going to be outside the bunker!And that leads me to my biggest complaint about the movie. The twist. I won't spoil what it is because the twist has to be SEEN to be BELIEVED. It comes out of nowhere like a freight train and it's so laughably bad that it makes the twist in the Happening look like the twist from Fight Club. I'm telling you, as soon as my theater audience saw the twist I could feel as though everyone wanted to burst out laughing. I know I did.So the thing that really kills this movie is its own marketing. I know that the original title of the movie was called 'The Cellar' and it should have stayed that way. The movie was purposefully renamed '10 Cloverfield Lane' in order to sell tickets. Nothing more. Blood relative said JJ? Yeah right, this movie has more in common with my Fallout fan fiction than it does Cloverfield. What does that even mean? I don't know, I'm just so angry at this movie.Some people won't like this review. And that's fair. If you were to just wipe your brain clean of this movie being hailed as a spiritual successor to Cloverfield and saw it as its own movie then yeah, it's a good movie. Without a shred of doubt. But unfortunately the movie is also hurt by its own title and marketing ploy and I can't let that escape me.I'm going to give 10 Cloverfield Lane a B-
평점: 8	리뷰: When the film was first announced, there was a lot of speculation on how it was possible for J.J to create a sequel to Cloverfield in absolute secrecy, the short answer is, he didn't. The film started off as a movie titled 'The Cellar' the script was then bought by J.J's Bad Robot production studio and reworked into the movie we have today. Now the movie itself is a psychological thriller that takes place in an underground bunker created by a man named Howard (John Goodman's character) he finds a girl named Michelle (MEW) who he found in the wreckage of a car crash. As the movie progresses, she slowly starts to question if Howard is telling the truth about the outside world being unsustainable. Which leads to her and Emmet (JGJ) to attempt a break out. All three actors do a fantastic job, especially John Goodman, and you can't help but empathize with all of them in some way. Without spoiling anything, if you see this expecting it to be a Cloverfield sequel, you'll be disappointed.
평점: 6	리뷰: The original Cloverfield was a good shaky-cam, found footage Kaiju film, almost like an American Godzilla. This, however, didn't live up to the name. I just found out this was originally to be titled 'The Cellar' and really it should have stayed as such. Going into it with the name leaves many events predictable. There are no direct ties to Cloverfield, and the ending almost feels tacked on. It almost feels as if they had a good suspense-thriller. Then they added elements of Cloverfield in an unrelated location to increase revenue. John Goodman's acting really did improve this movie considerably, though. It wasn't bad, per se, just a let down.My date and I decided it would have been better watched at home. I think if you have not seen Cloverfield, this would be a better standalone. However, it is still only matinée-worthy at best.
평점: 9	리뷰: 10 Cloverfield Lane gives all the development and the meaningful story that its blood relative installment lacked completely. This is not a spectacle full of screams and special effects. This is a spectacle of tension and suspense of epic proportions. This is a really feel-bad movie at certain points.First of all, you have to take the leap of faith and go ahead watching without knowing anything of the plot. Don't worry because all the teasers doesn't reveal anything important, but don't try to search information. If everything were that easy, even Hitchcock or Nolan movies would lose all interest.I was extremely hooked since the furious start to the eye popping and surprising finale. The direction is amazing and claustrophobic. The performances are great, looking up to a surprising Winstead and a unrestrained unforgettable turn by Goodman. The story is gleefully unapologetic delivering chills and full blooded twists (the biggest of all is the intense ending reveal) even thought it deviates from the monster POV storyline.Secretly made, impeccably marketed, nicely developed and finally here along with us: 10 Cloverfield Lane promised thrills and delivered it and then some. I was expecting some things that I tasted but I was surprised by a complexity and a twisted sense of horror that I didn't see coming. 2016 has released the very first great movie of the year.
평점: 1	리뷰: 10 Cloverfield Lane is nothing more than another low budget straight to video Dan Trachtenberg release created with the sole purpose to easily generate funds off the back of successful cinematic releases. 10 Cloverfield Lane is arguably Trachtenberg's most notable masterpiece (an innovative (CAPS system) critical and commercial success. It represents a period of his amateur attempts when a perfect storm of talented artists, composers and lyricists came together to create something simply quite wonderful. It is no surprise that sequels / prequels are periodically released not only to 'cash in', but to also maintain public awareness of the original film (again, to keep the money rolling in) It is important to understand that any straight to video garbage is not produced by the same talented people that made Cloverfield so special. The scrips are written very quickly and the vfx is clearly outsourced to Korean animation studios (much like a great deal (if not all) of Disney TV animation (Phineas and Ferb for example)) What is created is a cheaply produced piece of animation, designed to make the maximum financial return possible. It is not made for longevity like the cinematic classics - it is purely a money making exercise.A lot of us fall for it because we expect the same kind of standard as represented by the original film, but this is never the case unfortunately. The only audience that would possibly enjoy the second rate video releases are the younger viewers as they are more likely to overlook the shortcomings of the projects. This movie is not a "blood-relative" sequel to Cloverfield. It definitely shouldn't be marketed as such.On a more positive note. 10 Cloverfield Lane is one of the better examples of these profiteering exercises, as the quality of the effort (although still sub-par) has no certain edge - a greater sophistication perhaps. If the original film left you wanting more, then avoid at all costs. Otherwise, I'd stick to the classics. 10 Cloverfield Lane is strictly a dud.
평점: 8	리뷰: I'll get this out of the way early, I firmly believe using the word 'Cloverfield' in the title was solely to sell tickets. There was no real need to draw comparison to 2008's Cloverfield. This movie could have been its own thing (and it probably would have been better for it).As for this movie, it's pretty damn great! John Goodman is fantastic here, he's already got the body size to scare any sensible human being but his acting is certainly on point. He is a walking, talking, tension radiating, thug. At any single moment he can snap and the movie plays with this notion a lot! And to balance that out, Mary Elizabeth Winstead is the likable, vulnerable damsel in distress if you will. Together the make a great duo for a very, very engrossing cat and mouse game.Outside the praise of Goodman, it is the script that shines. There are some serious 'oh my god' moments that take things to the next level. Just when you think everything has been solved, the movie throws you another curveball to keep you guessing. Once the first 'bomb' (not literally) is dropped, the movie goes from a mild thriller to a bone-shaking puzzler. It's at this point of no return that the movie is most enjoyable as we watch the characters piece together their situation and we just sit back and watch the mayhem take over. I hope I'm not over-selling anything but the movie really does keep you on your toes!10 Cloverfield Lane really came out of nowhere and that's always nice to see. It's certainly reminiscent of Joel Edgarton's The Gift. Not story wise, but both are a directorial debut featuring a mystery/thriller narrative. And they both received good reviews and critic response (eerily similar scores if you really break it down). It's really a pleasure to have modest expectations for a film, only to be blown away. This is one of those films, as long as you go into the movie knowing it's only a 'blood relative' to Cloverfield and nothing more.
평점: 5	리뷰: I'll get to the point. Most of the movie was a soap opera taking place in a fallout shelter. The last 10 minutes of the movie was the escape into the creature filled world with one, relatively small, creature on ground and some spacecraft-like flying creatures. Add a couple special effects and done. Wow! That was the movie? I felt deprived at the sudden ending as I thought it was just then about to REALLY get started. At that point I said to myself, man, this must be a three hour movie! I was just starting to get excited. Boy was I wrong and disappointed. Not a mumble of a word, a wow, a whoopee, a clap, nor a whimper of a good time could be heard from anywhere in the theater. Just silence and a feeling of loss for words as to not believing that this is all that was given to them. Sorry, but this definitely could have waited for small screen DVD release. Save you $$.
평점: 3	리뷰: I watched this movie in Imax and my verdict was that it was a bad movie in general and definitely not deserving of an Imax ticket. Then i made another mistake of reading the reviews and now im sucked into making another review.First of all, it was predictable. And they added some twists which deviated from the central theme and were distracting and unnecessary. I didn't feel any tension because it was obvious they are just trying to complicate the plot.The acting was good but they didn't make the most out of what its like living in a bunker. The climactic ending was too short and very uncinematic. Low budget and tries to use our own imagination to fill the shortcomings of this film but fails.The movie felt like a lightweight version of 'War of the Worlds'. If some people rate this as a 9 then does that make WOTW a 15? JJ is pretty good at utilizing the reviewers to market his films. There is already too much dishonesty in this world.
평점: 7	리뷰: I will try keep the spoiler level low, so that this can be read before watching the movie.This movie delivers solid and captivating psychological drama, with great characters and a unique story. Especially John Goodman delivers an outstanding performance. Overall I really enjoyed the movie, but the last 15 minutes almost ruined it for me to be honest. I would rather if it had ended with the mystery intact instead of turning to banalities. I hope the DVD/Blu-ray will come with an alternative ending, because this movie certainly deserves something better. I do think that this movie is worth watching, but a minute or so after Michelle rips a hole in her pants (you will know when it happens),there is IMO not much reason to watch any more of it. It will feel a bit incomplete perhaps, but its better that way.I know that some people despise cliffhanger type endings, and I would surely have disliked such and ending when I was a kid, but 10 Cloverfield Lane is a prime example of how bad the alternative can be. It has exactly the kind of silly ending that your marvel-flick-loving friend would come up with in the car home from the theatre, while making the sound effects with his mouth.** edit ** After writing this review, the ending of the "original" script has been revealed, and it sounds exactly like the ending this movie deserves. If the movie had ended like described, it would have been a 10/10.
평점: 7	리뷰: 10 Cloverfield Lane,is what I classify as a film about the unknown (aliens)its a film where the world is (sort of) coming to the end. And let me tell you weekly now Hollywood comes out with films, about aliens, and the end of the world, so with that one liner 10CL probably seems like yet another gimmicky, VFX heavy film, were the whole world is being destroyed, and everyone is dying until there is one saviour etc. But luckily 10CL separates its self from that mess, this film rather than relying on gimmicks builds tension through its characters,its more about surviving than fighting the unknown. Its an old fashioned thriller, that rather than scaring its audience, creates a paranoiac, cluster phobic eerie feeling in the audience. Its a realistic take on what the mynas predicted. But is the film worth a watch in theatres, well lets analyze.Story wise Michelle packs her things and leaves her apartment, angry over a dispute with her partner Ben.While driving away she turns on the radio,it claims that there are numerous blackouts in major cities. Michelle becomes distracted after Ben calls her, and her car crashes and goes off the road from the distraction, flipping upside down. When she awakens, she discovers she is chained to the wall in an unknown location. After reaching her phone only to receive no signal, a man named Howard enters the room and tells her he saved her life and the world outside is now uninhabitable due to the nuclear or chemical fallout from "an attack." What happens next forms the films main crux.Acting wise John Goodman is at his crazy maniac best. His act draws comparison to me to Christian Bale in American Psycho, and Anthony Hopkins in Silence of the Lambs, but to a lesser a extent obviously. Its a iconic role, of a crazy old man who will go to any extent to keep things as they are. Watch out for scene when he gets burned by acid, and his reaction. This might be his career best act. Mary Elizabeth Winstead is helpless, and in sorrow, and she conveys her emotions well with a pale look, and with her distraught eyes. In the climax when she escapes, and fights the unknown one roots for her to win, and thats how one knows she has succeed in her act. These above mentioned main characters are the main reason why 10CL is so enjoyable. John Gallagher Jr gives great comic relief.10 Cloverfield Lane is not a sequel to Cloverfield, its more of a franchise film I presume, with more films to come in the series with such a open ending. At a runtime of 1hr 45 min 10CL never gets slow or bores, the film builds tension perfectly, and the films first time director Dan Trachtenberg makes sure that films main set "the bunker" gives the audience a very cluster phobic feeling, and therefore the film gets your heart racing in panic at every thrilling instance. A example of this is the scene when Michelle steals the keys and tries to escape, but instead sees, a lady die in front of her due to the contaminated air. Its a scary thrilling moment.The film has a very dark, and eerie setting that works well with the films content. The films story and screenplay is not very novel, however the films presentation is very different than the usual world vs alien film. Here there is not many gimmicky effects or cheap graphic thrills, rather 10CL is a psychological thriller. The film is also greatly supported by the performances of the leads both John Goodman, and Mary Elizabeth are both extraordinary. I am usually am not a fan of films about the end of world but I quite enjoyed myself here. On the flip side, while 10CL is good and thrilling, the film just couldn't elevate itself from being good to extra ordinary till the pre climax/climax. And even the climax is rather unconvincing and leaves a sour taste in ones mouth. The film technically and production value wise is average, but this film is not supposed to be a very glossy film, so its adequate.Overall 10 Cloverfield Lane is a good psychological thriller, that offers genuine scares. Great performances, and some thrilling moments make this film a recommended watch in theatres this week. Its a patch above the ordinary, and will definitely leave you with palpation's.3.5/5* Grade: 74% B
평점: 1	리뷰: Imagine being trapped inside an underground bunker by John Goodman who claims the air outside will kill you. Our damsel-in-distress encounters this appalling predicament in first-time director Dan Trachtenberg's "10 Cloverfield Lane" after she awakens from a violent car crash. Worse, she finds herself hooked up to an I.V. drip, her injured right knee chained to a cinder block wall, and 'no service' on her cell phone. Reportedly, producer J.J. Abrams has called Trachtenberg's mild R-rated chiller "the spiritual successor to "Cloverfield." Does anybody remember that mediocre monster thriller? The 2008 sci-fi saga "Cloverfield," produced for $25 million, made over $170 million at the box office. This abominable monster on the rampage opus told its tale by means of "found footage" recovered from a camcorder. Never did we ever get a clear picture of the gargantuan that transformed Manhattan into a junkyard. Comparatively, "10 Cloverfield Lane" is a one quarter "Cloverfield" sequel with a lot of time squandered on a formulaic hostage thriller. Synthesize the "Room" with "War of the Worlds," and you've got the gist of the Josh Campbell & Matthew Stuecken screenplay. If you're looking for a full-blown sequel to "Cloverfield," you're going to be disappointed. If you looking for two short films edited together, you might like "10 Cloverfield Lane." Audiences that want to see monsters are going to feel cheated, and audiences that want to see a fresh hostage crisis are going to be bored. An attractive twentysomething gal leaves her boyfriend, packs her stuff, and hits the road. Later, after dark, as she is cruising down the highway, somebody out of nowhere smashes into her and she passes out. We neither know who did it nor what did it.When poor Michelle (Mary Elizabeth Winstead of "Final Destination 3") regains consciousness, she finds herself held captive by a hulk of a man. Howard (John Goodman of "Argo") served in the U.S. Navy, behaves like a survivalist, but has a sense of humor. She struggles to escape, but Howard thwarts her every attempt until the grand finale. At one point, I thought "10 Cloverfield Lane" was going to be an immaculate, brightly illuminated version of "Saw." For example, after we meet Howard, we discover that he doesn't seem to be such a bad sort. Apparently, he went out of his way to rescue Michelle and then nurse her back to health. He has built an underground bunker equipped with all the luxuries that one might require to endure a long period isolation from everything above ground except the fresh air that his filtration system keeps clean. Moreover, Howard has taken in another individual for the duration. Country boy Emmett (John Gallagher Jr. of "Jonah Hex") would have been a track star at a nearby university if he'd gotten on the bus and gone. Instead, he backed out at the last minute. Overall, Emmett turns out to be the most sympathetic character. Roughly three-fourths of the 105 minutes in "10 Cloverfield Lane" takes place underground, and things grow as claustrophobic as they do tiresome. Mind you, rookie director Dan Trachtenberg and his writers have made the two captives smarter than the average victims. The problem is that he keeps these three characters confined for far too long before we discover that Howard is not only a lunatic but also a liar. Howard has no idea what is happening outside, but he warns Michelle and Emmett that harmful chemical fallout awaits them if they venture outside. Michelle hatches an escape plan for Emmett and her to escape confinement. At this point, things take a murderous twist, and our heroine must rely entirely on her own resources to escape with her skin.Suffice to say, the last quarter hour yields "10 Cloverfield Lane's" biggest surprise and it has a lot to do with "Cloverfield." My chief objection to this movie is that I got tired of the drawn out bunker episode. Indeed, suspenseful moments crop up, but some moments don't make sense. We get acquainted with the three characters, and we begin to see the flaws in nice guy Howard's character. If you've seen one hostage movie, however, you know that nothing ever ends well. Watching "10 Cloverfield Lane" was as bad as watching the 2002 Jodie Foster thriller "Panic Room." At least "The Panic Room" had some comic relief. Ultimately, as shrewd as the two hostages are in "10 Cloverfield Lane," nothing about them is charismatic. The writing is above-average, but the story is far too predictable. For example, in one scene, we watch as Michelle is caught between a rock and a hard place. She manages to escape, and she is at the last barrier when a crazy woman with a blood-speckled face begs to be let into the bunker. Howard convinces Michelle that the contaminated outsider will kill them all with her tainted flesh. Michelle relents, and Howard doesn't chain her up again as he had done earlier.Of course, once our heroine not only figures out a way to break out of the bunker, but also keep Howard at bay, the rest of "10 Clovenfield Lane" turns into a radically different movie. Relief degenerates into abject terror, and Michelle confronts a predator that makes Howard look like the syndicated Hanna-Barbera purple cartoon hippo character Peter Potamus. In the remaining quarter of an hour, our heroine dispatches this new adversary, and suspense mounts during that final fifteen minutes. Nevertheless, it looks like Trachtenberg and his scenarists were so desperate to slough off the initial 80 to 90 minutes of their grimly realistic, but hopelessly tedious hostage drama that they tried to shoe-horn in an episodic sequel to "Cloverfield." "Cloverfield" was feculence from fade-in to fade-out, and "10 Cloverfield Lane" appropriates the narrative thread at the last minute to give audiences a cheap shock. Not even an actor as watchable as John Goodman can salvage this monstrous misfire of a movie.
평점: 8	리뷰: While I didn't see the original Cloverfield until relatively recently, I understand that it had one of the most inventive and memorable marketing campaigns of this generation. 10 Cloverfield Lane decided to do a similar thing but this time have the plot of the film stay under wraps besides a few minor details in trailers. It was one of the few times I can remember where I went into a movie knowing borderline nothing. For the day and age we live in now where trailers spoil more than half the film? That was refreshing to say the least.I'm going to try and keep the details of the plot to a minimum as I dissect this unsettling thriller. The first film is very much an adventure horror film. It really perfected the found footage take on making a film and may be the last great one we have had (besides Chronicle). 10 Cloverfield Lane is much more in the mystery vain than anything else. We follow Michelle, played by Mary Elizabeth Winstead, as she finds herself locked up in a cell with a few other people played by John Goodman and John Gallagher Jr without any knowledge of what's going on outside this place.If you were looking for a direct sequel to Cloverfield, this film may disappoint you. There are very little links at all to the first film, but it turned out for the better. For the most part, I didn't want to see any direct links to the first film, I was so invested in what was going on between the 3 characters back at this supposed safe house. John Goodman is very good as Howard, and that's all I'll say because you can't really say anything else without spoiling anything.The real highlight of the film comes from Winstead's strong performance. I've seen her in a few things but none that really blew me away. She was astounding as Michelle and yet another example of a capable and strong female character, something Hollywood should keep up. Bear McCreary's haunting score fits perfectly within the tone and it hits at just the right time with the film's up and down pacing. If I had an issue with the film, it would in fact be pacing. This film starts out fast but it does slow down for a long time before a thrilling final 30 minutes or so.For a first time directing, I was very impressed with Dan Trachtenberg's work here. He captured the feel of the first movie and put his own stamp on it at the same time. The minimal marketing is something I would like to see more of in Hollywood as it proved to be very effective. J.J. Abrams, you have done it again.+Tension+Mysterious plot and characters+Marketing+Score+Winstead and Goodman kill it-Pacing issues at times8.2/10
평점: 10	리뷰: You know that uneasy feeling you get when driving alone at night? Particularly down a street you're not familiar with or through a neighborhood that is foreign to you? Something just feels off. Usually it's all in your head. You're just getting a bit paranoid for no reason. Have you ever felt like someone was watching you? The hair on your arms stands up, the slow churning queasy feeling in the pit of your stomach suddenly becomes apparent, you have to keep looking behind you even though there is never anything there you just have to because what if? Those feelings are 10 Cloverfield Lane.10 Cloverfield Lane is about the end of the world, or so that is the perception John Goodman's Howard gives us. He has built a doomsday bunker stockpiled with enough supplies to last for years. After Mary Elizabeth Winstead's Michelle is involved in an automobile accident he brings her to his bunker. This is all you need to know plot wise. Do yourself a favor and see this with knowing as little as possible about it.10 Cloverfield Lane takes it's viewers on an uneasy and wholly uncomfortable journey. It slithers along at a rather brisk pace while getting darker, grimmer, and more unnerving with each passing moment. Every time you think you have it figured out it throws a new seedy wrench into your theory. John Goodman's Howard conspiracy theorist who doesn't seem right in the head. You know the term a few screws loose? This guy never had those screws to begin with. Goodman's remarkable turn as Howard is another excellent proof of his immense talent. He's paranoid, terrifying, likable, and completely unsettling. This is not a man you would ever want to meet.Mary Elizabeth Winstead follows up her unbelievable all-time level performance in Faults with yet another simply brilliant performance here. With those two along with Smashed and Alex Of Venice she is quickly becoming one of the most versatile young actresses around. She plays Michelle with a fierce tenderness. Two descriptions that should not go hand in hand, but she accomplishes this feat in outstanding fashion. She creates a fully realized person here. At times it is easy to forget she is even playing a character. Her pain, sorrow, fear, conviction are all expressed amazingly and easily believed. She lives in this film and this film breathes life because of her.John Gallagher Jr. delivers quite the beauty of a performance himself, however I'm not going to speak much on his character. I feel it's better that way.Dan Trachtenberg has already shown is technical prowess with his Portal short. Here he expands himself to glorious results. There is no doubt he was the right man for this job. He lets his actors grow, and he aptly builds a very intense and very horrifying world around them. He keeps the pace smooth while keeping a frantic feel to it all. The mood he constructs here is an edge of your seat, close your eyes, and don't look down thrill. I am already eagerly anticipating his next work.2016 has it's first must see of the year. This taut and mysterious thriller manages to keep the tension at an all time high and it's viewers guessing for it's duration. Even despite the obvious alluding it's title lends this film will keep your mind turning. The final 15 minutes are guaranteed to lead to very different feelings, but for me they couldn't have been done better. It is those last moments that truly solidified this as an absolute masterwork. Do not miss this one.10/10
평점: 7	리뷰: I saw "10 Cloverfield Lane", starring John Goodman-Love the Coopers, Speed Racer; Mary Elizabeth Winstead-A Good Day to Die Hard, Scott Pilgrim vs. the World and John Gallagher Jr.-The Newsroom_tv, Jonah Hex. This is a weird movie to talk about. J. J. Abrams is the producer and said that he did not want the audience to know a lot about the movie before seeing it. He said that a lot of trailers give away the whole plot of a movie. That is why most people don't know much about the plot of this movie. Is it a sequel to Cloverfield? Well, it is related, but only loosely, at least so far. I say so far because once you see the ending, you know there will probably be a sequel and they could explain everything in it. This one is not shot using the hand-held camera gimmick from the first movie-Thank Goodness! There is also no giant creature terrorizing the city, although you do see a small creature of some kind, near the end. From what I could tell, this one also takes place several years after the first one. Mary is driving on a country road when she has an accident. She wakes up in an underground bunker chained to the wall. She finds out that John Goodman came across her crash site and brought her back to the bunker. He tells her that there is radiation outside from an unknown attack-Russians, Iranians, or maybe even Aliens?-and it is unsafe to leave the bunker. John Gallagher is also already in the bunker but not a prisoner. Slowly, Mary starts to feel that John Goodman may not be telling her the whole truth about his actions-he does act a little weird at times and his facts don't always make sense. FYI: When Mary gets a message from her boyfriend at the beginning of the movie you might want to see if you recognize the voice; it's Bradley Cooper. By the way, the title of the movie, 10 Cloverfield Lane, is the address of the bunker. It's rated "PG-13" for violence and language and has a running time of 1 hour & 43 minutes. I enjoyed it but I wished it had a better ending-Like I said earlier, I'm sure they are setting things up for the next installment-I would buy it on DVD.
평점: 9	리뷰: When you think about the towering forces of American character actors - or maybe when character actors just become STARS and household names - I sometimes wonder if John Goodman is someone who not necessarily gets overlooked but he isn't the one you jump to right away. Here is a man who has been in so many modern American films that can be called classics/masterpieces, but when he shows up in something that might be, you know, not quite so much (i.e. Red State) he still brings it a sense of gravitas and makes the character he plays stand out.This might be an odd way to start a review about 10 Cloverfield Lane, but the primary reasons it works, aside from the strong writing and the surefire direction of newcomer Dan Trachtenberg (expect to see him work for a long time if all goes well), can be seen by Goodman's performance. Howard is someone who takes Michelle (also the wonderful/wide-eyed Mary Elizabeth Winstead) off from the road after an accident into an underground bunker on his farm at the address of the title. Howard admits this was his doing, for her "safety" as the air is not breathable above ground and, with only one other survivor (Emmett, played by an unrecognizable-from-The-Newsroom John Gallagher JR), have to stay until the air above and whatever "else" is there is clear... which could be years.Goodman has no other choice than to be a force of nature, a constant threat, someone who can be trusted, not be trusted, looked at as someone who was a father, an ex-Navy man, and... may very well be a psychotic madman. In this scenario the name of the game is suspense and paranoia - the music cues that up as the great Bear McReary does his finest work yet channeling Herrmann - and the screws are constantly tightened on audiences expectations. No matter what we're with Michelle on this, but Howard is this lumbering presence, and I don't mean (simply) Goodman's girth or what have you. Psychologically he's imposing, with a voice that has that edge of "don't you TRUST me? I *saved* your life!" This can be sometimes calm, with that great heaping edge of terror, or maybe something else. The ambiguity about the situation is (and isn't) there from the end of the first act onward, but who Howard is remains something to be seen fully until the third. Oh, and sometimes he may dance a little...Of all things, Cloverfield, the 2008 roller-coaster ride of a monster movie (slightly overrated, in my estimation, but that's just me), is not what I thought of watching this. That film lacked what this had in spades: characterization, real dread and terror, maximum stakes for people who we care about, very few (if any) hasty or stupid decisions (up until arguably the last 10 minutes, which, yes, I'll get to shortly). This reminded me more of another Abrams produced project, Lost. In that, which had many episodes taking place in a bunker setting - and also with a fellow who you couldn't really know what he was up to at first, Benjamin Linus - you had to go from one step to the next, and every moment had mystery and intrigue, but carried along on what human beings are capable of, and what happens when you realize you can't trust someone. And what if is outside is really true? Or not? What is malevolence, or control of one man over a woman or a man over a group?Trachtenberg and the writers (including Whiplash's Damien Chazelle) have an innate love of storytelling without dialog; there is a fair amount of talking, to be sure, but not a word seems wasted when Howard talks to Michelle, or her to him, or when Michelle and Emmett become closer when Howard isn't around. Everything builds to such an intensity, and pays off with such clever and clear logic - not to mention becoming, for a few real, key moments, as much of a horror film as they can get away with (which is a lot) - that it's sort of a shame the last ten minutes are just... alright. This isn't to say they're bad, far from it, but it's when the sort of 'Cinema Sin's counter started to move a little bit as Michelle gets outside, confronts the actual menace there, and Abrams and company start to (sort of) give the "audience" that came to this movie on its name what they were expecting... which it sort of isn't.This is as much a sequel to Cloverfield as Tarantino made a direct sequel to Django from Corbucci's 1966 film: some of the spirit of dread might be in there somewhere, but one would have to really dig into the kernels of the material to find tangible connections. It's a Twilight Zone episode stretched to feature length, but this is in the best possible way: it's a story that feeds more on what terror anyone can face any day, from the person you know, or think you know, and what danger means in a nightmare scenario like the End of the World. This means it may make those hoping for a monster-mash disappointed, but if you give it a shot you may be paid off by one of the great chamber drama-suspense films in a very long time, with Oscar-worthy performances (no, really).
평점: 8	리뷰: This is a very well made (and inexpensive) movie for this genre. As you know by now, a young woman wakes up in a bomb shelter and seems to be kept prisoner by John Goodman along with a young man there of his own free will. Is Goodman's character crazy or not? Well, yes. And no. We hear he has a theory on mutant worms from outer space.Things happen to both prove and disprove whatever you expect. This takes up about and hour and twenty minutes of the movie. Once Michelle, the woman, escapes, the plot takes a turn I never expected but enjoyed seeing. This is where the Cloverfield reference comes in.During this final chapter there is a short sequence shot with a shaky hand held camera. Luckily it lasts only a few seconds.As I moved into the lobby, couples were discussing the movie, what this and that meant. The ending was pretty straightforward really, if a bit short.If you like the trailer, you'll enjoy the movie. Great orchestral soundtrack. One final thing: once the credits start, the movie is over. There is no final five second scene following the credits.
평점: 8	리뷰: I had reservations about this film - esp. because it seemed like it was done on a lower budget than those big "hollywood" tent-pole movies I've become spoiled by. I don't want to say too much about the plot because that's part of the intrigue of the movie ... what's really going on?But THIS IS A GOOD MOVIE! It's wonderful to find a movie that builds tension, suspense, mystery and gets you to question your ideas about what's going on.Plus, the acting is great - and this movie thrives on great performances by the key actors involved. I was always interested in learning what was going to happen next.I'd rate it higher if it had a slightly more polished feel ... but as I said, I've been spoiled by big budget flicks, so don't let it distract you from what I'm saying.If you're looking for a taut suspenseful mystery and are intrigued with the "J.J. Abrams" connection -- there's a good bet you'll enjoy this.
평점: 7	리뷰: For the first 90 minutes or so, I was absolutely loving this movie. I went to see it not really knowing what to expect, or even what it was about really, and I was loving it. It had all the right amounts of intensity and scariness, with just enough humor. It was paced well and all the secrets were revealed at appropriate times so that you were never bored, but there were still some moments that weren't as scary. The plot was interesting and intriguing and I was always wanting to find out more. And then came the last 15 minutes. I'm not really sure what happened there. Remember how amazing Lost was until the last season? It was kind of like that. Apparently J.J. Abrams likes to do this to us. It just didn't make sense. I could have easily come up with three or four endings myself that would have fit the movie better and been more entertaining. Still, like Lost, the beginning is just so good that it is easy to overlook the trainwreck that was this movie's ending. All in all, I'd say it was a good movie, even aside from the ending. If it had ended ten minutes earlier, this review would be totally different. So I guess it was pretty good.
평점: 10	리뷰: I went to the movie knowing very little about it and I was very impressed. This is one of the best movies I have seen in quite some time and it is Trachtenberg's first feature film. Great writing and fantastic acting make this a film worth watching. I believe this is some of John Goodman's best acting to date. I won't say much to avoid any spoilers but I will say that this film keeps you guessing. The character development makes you care about what happens throughout the film and the location gives off a sense of claustrophobia that I have seldom felt in a movie. Go see this movie! It proves you don't need a huge budget to create a memorable film.
평점: 9	리뷰: For those who might think that this is not going to be their kind of movie, take a chance, grab some popcorn, and lose yourself. Well-written, well-directed, and well-acted. If you like the unexpected, you will enjoy 10 Cloverfield Lane.I promise you that as long as you don't read spoilers, you really won't know where this is going at virtually any point in the movie. That is the definition of a well-constructed, enjoyable film. You go along for a journey with the three actors who make up the entire film. It is both fascinating from a film study standpoint and mesmerizing at times from an audience standpoint. There are plenty of reviews you can look at for clues or insights or spoilers. My suggestion is resist: sit down in the theater with as blank a slate as possible and go for the ride.
평점: 9	리뷰: 10 Cloverfield Lane came out of nowhere. The film was shot under a different title and did not receive a trailer until less than two months from its theatrical release. Because of the secrecy surrounding its production and the lack of details surrounding the film's plot, I will be very careful about what I say and do not say about 10 Cloverfield Lane. Basically, the film is about a woman who wakes up in a bomb shelter after being in a car accident and finds herself under the care of a suspicious man named Howard. 10 Cloverfield Lane uses precise storytelling to tell an astonishingly intense and mysterious story that left me gasping for air and brimming with excitement over how excellent this film turned out to be.To avoid spoilers, I'll keep my comments on 10 Cloverfield Lane's story fairly vague. After Michelle wakes up and is with the stranger Howard, she has no idea whether anything this man is saying about the circumstances of her being there are true or not. So the audience, much like Michelle, is using every detail, in every frame, to put together what is actually going on in this bomb shelter. This makes for a very engaging experience because the viewer is constantly using updated information to decide whether or not to trust Howard.The film also does not explain everything through dense exposition; the film gives the viewer most (but not all) the pieces to the puzzle and allows the viewer do some of the mental work. The screenwriters Josh Campbell, Matthew Stuecken, and Damien Chazelle (Whiplash writer/director) did a fantastic job of creating a really interesting mystery for the viewers to actively participate in.This mystery would not be nearly as interesting if it was not heightened by suspense. John Goodman plays Howard, and he brings an intensity to the role that makes him incredibly imposing on screen with Michelle and Emmett (the other person in the bomb shelter). Howard's short temper combined with his unknown backstory, make every one of Michelle and Emmett's encounters with Howard even more intense than the last. The best way I can describe the intensity of this movie is imagine being locked in a room that is slowly filling with smoke. At first it's breathable, but as time goes on, your lungs begin filling with smoke, and eventually you are gasping for dear life.10 Cloverfield Lane never lets you get too comfortable, but at the same time, does not skimp out on character development. Michelle is played by Mary Elizabeth Winstead, and while at first she plays a cliché, helpless heroine, she develops into much more than that. Her character arc feels natural, and her arc gives the film an emotional thread I was not expecting. John Gallagher Jr. is likable as Emmett, but Winstead and Goodman really standout with their outstanding performances.While J.J. Abrams' name is all over the trailers and promotions, do not let that fool you; he only produced the film. I'm actually glad he not direct 10 Cloverfield Lane, not because he would not have done a great job, but because it gave Dan Trachtenberg a chance to direct his first feature film. Every director strives for it, but only great directors have it: and that's style. It's one of those things you know it when you see it, and Trachtenberg certainly has it. This guy is going to be getting a lot of work after his excellent job on 10 Cloverfield Lane. Keep your eyes on what Trachtenberg does next.This thriller does take a big turn in a different direction at a point in the film, but I loved the turn overall and truly felt like the film earned this payoff. I have one complaint with this switch the film takes, but even being vague about this detail would give too much away. I will say the last shot is one my favorite final shots to a film ever.I went into 10 Cloverfield Lane knowing nothing (not even seeing one trailer), and I was wonderfully surprised. The film's many twists and turns are meant to be experienced in the theater, so go out and see it before anyone else can dampen your individual movie-going experience. 10 Cloverfield Lane is the first great film of 2016; it slowly ramps up the tension, scene by scene, until it's nearly unbearable, before eventually revealing that monsters indeed come in many forms.If you liked this review, check out my websites for other reviews and movie articles www.watsonmoviereviews.com
평점: 10	리뷰: "10 Cloverfield Lane" is a unique specimen in 2016; here's a film that comes out on the heels of very little marketing buzz, so much so that only a sentence-long plot synopsis was made known to the public, minimalist trailers that, unlike most, do not air before every new release in theaters, and a week of screenings that have had many critics tight-lipped about what the film actually is. When I first heard the film was going to be released, I had to try not to shrug it off and assume it would be a mediocre, loosely connected followup to the 2008 smash hit "Cloverfield" that's main goal was quick cash.However, after the thirty minute mark of the film, I knew I was in for anything but a cash-in, let alone a film that was trying to be a followup or a continuation of the world set forth by the aforementioned film. "10 Cloverfield Lane" not only takes the series into an alternate direction, but completely revitalizes its formula by creating a Hitchcockian-style mystery that is predicated upon heart-racing tension and immaculate aesthetics that are often so crisp and consuming, you might have to remind yourself that you're not the one trapped in the film.Being that "10 Cloverfield Lane" is one of those films where, when describing it, there is a vague line between what is spoiler territory and what is part of the basic plot outline. To keep things decidedly simple, the story opens with Michelle (Mary Elizabeth Winstead), driving home on a long, secluded road after a fight with her boyfriend, before she is involved in a devastating car accident that sends her flying off the side of the road. She eventually wakes up in an underground bunker and meets Howard (John Goodman), a dedicated survivalist, who rescued her from the wreck and claims that this is the safest place she can be following "what happened." Howard informs her that a devastating attack has taken place outside that has left nearly everyone dead or contaminated with some sort of disease; the size, scale, and cause of the destruction is unknown due to the radio-tower being knocked out. In preparation for an event like this, Howard has taken the precaution of designing this underground bunker like a home, with a shower, toilet, Television set, a full kitchen, and food supplies to last years if rationed. Also in the bunker with them is Emmett (John Gallagher, Jr.), a friend of Howard's who remembers when he was constructing this bunker. Howard will also not let Michelle nor Emmett look onto the outside world through windows without his permission, leaving the three without any contact beyond the walls of the bunker.This kind of premise just breeds claustrophobia and fear and "10 Cloverfield Lane" is a masterclass example of such. Using some fascinating cinematographical tricks (employed by Jeff Cutter) that showcase the cramped environment of the bunker, in addition to some beautiful, sweeping long-shots in such a tight space, both Cutter and first-time director Dan Trachtenberg create an environment that startles and mystifies. The trio of screenwriters (Josh Campbell, Matt Stuecken, and Damien Chazelle, writer and director of the fantastic "Whiplash") are smart to keep us, the audience, just as trapped as the characters in this film. We don't know more than they do and we're put in a position to buy or reject Howard's simultaneously incredulous but believable story of doomsday.In addition, the sound design in this film is layered and cut-throat, not so much heavy on the jump-scares or the abrupt synthesizers that work for a good jolt, but in terms of adding to such a congested area where every sound is ostensibly amplified to ear-shattering effect. This makes every effect and auditory accoutrement to "10 Cloverfield Lane"'s beautiful cinematography resonate that much more, and makes for a slowburn, suspense-driven delight.Finally, let's please talk about John Goodman's career-making performance in the film, as he broods but never settles for empty fear. His gravelly, almost guttural voice makes each syllable that rolls of his tongue feel like a sucker-punch to the jaw, and such a blow lands right on the exterior of Mary Elisabeth Winstead, who is anything but a passive force of abuse in this film. Winstead's strength and power as a leading woman is communicated throughout the film, and she proves to a public that has slept on her despite strong performances in "Grindhouse: Death Proof" and "Smashed" that she's worthy of recognition. Only more likely to be slept on her is Gallagher, Jr., who does some damn-fine work as well, but sort of finds himself ostracized by the sheer power of both Goodman and Winstead.Again, I must emphasize the fact that "10 Cloverfield Lane" is a proclaimed "spiritual successor" and "blood relative" to "Cloverfield" and not a direct sequel, prequel, or any immediately connected entity. This is probably for the best, as the pulse-pounding effects of "Cloverfield"'s found footage/shaky camera aesthetic have worn threadbare within the last eight years since the genre's revival. "10 Cloverfield Lane" goes for something different, more electric, layered, and scary, and the film manages to be one of the best mysteries in recent years.
평점: 8	리뷰: Not a big surprise that a sequel seemed like a logical choice to 2008's "Cloverfield" by JJ Abrams as it was a big hit comparatively with a 25 million budget, while grossing right around 170 million. The 'found footage' film about a group of young people surviving a monster attack in Manhattan was driven by a highly sophisticated and fun marketing campaign. Mysterious trailers of the film 'Untitled' left you guessing as to what was the content, was also really well received by critics & film-goers alike.While not quite the exact same thing here, JJ Abrams sees '10 Cloverfield Lane' as a kinsman of "Cloverfield." And that's a good description because although there could be a comparison of a few elements, 10 Cloverfield Lane is a very different kind of film and can stand on it's own. Do not expect found footage film or a direct sequel or prequel. '10 Cloverfield Lane' is a pure psychological thriller, with a little taste of Sci-Fi thrown in for good measure.It's mainly undertaken all in one place, the bunker of the mysterious Howard (John Goodman). The bunker is a typical doomsday place: an underground space filled with food, drinks and all the comforts of home, including a cozy living room and fully functional kitchen, ya know, for those underground bunker dinner parties. Michelle (Mary Elizabeth Winstead) is excellent as the frightened but brave one, who basically MacGyver's her way through this film. Even John Gallagher Jr. as the simple Emmett is well cast. The biggest surprise is John Goodman as Howard, a role that is seemly tailor-made for him, as he turns the effortlessly friendly man into a creepy psycho without ever giving away which of the two he is and in turn, giving us a whole other level of fear. '10 Cloverfield Lane' will truly have the most impact if you have minimal knowledge of it before hand because it's nail biting exciting. And any reviewer that gives away the spoilers or the full story of this one, I wish them years of paper cuts because this is one to be experienced, not told about. The only minus is the last act of the film, here and there, it flies off the rails, But you forgive debut director Dan Trachtenberg for this little whim, as I loved the fact that just when you think it won't go there.. it does! It's very clever and with fresh inspiration, gives just the right subtle nod to its successful predecessor. For those who love psychological mind-bending films like this, you won't be disappointed.Grade: B Review Screening: Wednesday, March 9, 2016 ~ Courtesy of Paramount Pictures
평점: 1	리뷰: How much did the producer pay the critics on rotten tomato to write positive reviews? This movie was EXTREMELY BORING up until the last maybe 5 minutes. It starts as a crazed doomsday prepper finally getting his wish and using his bunker, but with a twist he's a crazed murder. He kills off the guy, we find out he kidnapped a girl, and the main girl escapes only to find aliens polluting the world with a flammable gas. She kills it with a bottle of whiskey, lighting it on fire. It ends with her going to Huston to help save others. Very boring. I would have rather had a movie on the old man and him with the kidnapped girl. I just want to know where I could request to get my money back. Terrible.
평점: 9	리뷰: First off, this movie is hardly a sequel or a prequel to 2008's Cloverfield. Maybe in some way, it's a spin-off. Only time will tell. 95% of the movie is its own thing. It's during the last ten minutes where it might come close to being related to the first movie. This review might contain some spoilers. I've heard that this film was originally known as The Cellar. At the last minute, the producers tweaked a few things to try and make it related to Cloverfield. The story itself was actually very good and very intriguing. When I saw the trailers, I didn't know what to expect. It's very driven by suspense, almost like that of a Hitchcock film. It's kind of a mix between Saw, Misery, and a film called Otis. John Goodman's character is scary at times. You never know when he's going to crack. Mary Elizabeth Winstead (Final Destination 3, Live Free or Die Hard) stars as Michelle, a woman on the run from her broken relationship. During a car crash, she wakes up in Howard's underground bunker, chained to the wall. Howard tells her he saved her life and claims that the world outside is now uninhabitable due to the nuclear or chemical fallout from "an attack." (One thing I loved was that we never knew until the end if Howard was telling the truth, or making up crazy stories just to keep Michelle and another man, Emmett captive for himself.) Michelle tries to escape but soon learns that monsters come in many forms. I like that it was isolated and claustrophobic and mostly kept in one location as the three main stars bond, play games, listen to music and watch TV. In a weird way it reminded me of George Romero's Dawn of the Dead when the four friends were confined to the mall. At first, I was thrown off and let down by the twist in the last half, but my friend gave me his explanation and it make a little more sense. The film as a whole is definitely starting to grow on me. As I said, the movie is very driven by great suspense and some decent character development. It's like a great suspense classic from the 70's, but made for modern times with a decent science fiction twist. I would definitely recommend 10 CLOVERFIELD LANE!!!
평점: 7	리뷰: Trust me, this IS a review for 10 CLOVERFIELD LANE, it will just take me awhile to get to there.I loved Steven Spielberg's 2005 version of WAR OF THE WORLDS (starring Tom Cruise). It embued an atmosphere of foreboding and claustrophobia while giving us an alien invasion story.I also love Lenny Abrahamson's recent Academy Award nominated film ROOM (the film in which Brie Larson deservedly won the Best Actress Oscar) which told the tale of a mother and son held hostage.Why am I speaking of these two films? Because if you combine these two films you get 10 CLOVERFIELD LANE - a film in the "Cloverfield family of films" (don't call it a sequel). For those of you who don't remember, CLOVERFIELD was JJ Abrams 2008 "found footage" alien invasion flick. As Abrams describes it, 10 CLOVERFIELD LANE is a different ride in the CLOVERFIELD AMUSEMENT PARK - and what a different ride it is!10 CLOVERFIELD LANE tells the story of Michelle (a very good Mary Elizabeth Winstead) who wakes up in a bunker after a car crash. She has been brought there by Howard (and even better John Goodman). Did he save her? Is she being held hostage? Is his story of alien invasion just a ruse? Is Howard sane? All of these questions need to be answered in the course of this film, and it's the journey to find the answers that makes this film so enjoyable - as well as the action packed last 20 minutes.It is a claustrophobic film, for it spends it's first hour and 20 minutes inside Howard's bunker and we are relying on the interplay between Howard and Michelle to propel this film forward. There is a 3rd person in the bunker, Emit (John Gallagher, Jr). Unfortunately for him (and the actor playing him), this character acts mostly as a foil for the other two so never really has the gravitas of Winstead and Goodman.But the interplay between the two leads is very, very good. Winstead has never been better than she is here as Michelle, the surrogate for us audience members trying to make sense of what is being told her. But this movie really belongs to Goodman. He is a commanding presence who commands the screen every time he is on it and moves from gentle and happy to intense and dangerous at a moment's notice. Is he crazy or is he just trying to keep everyone alive? A truly good actor keeps us guessing and Goodman is a truly good actor.The direction by relative novice director Dan Trachtenberg is surprising good and smooth, keeping us on the edge of our seats - and unsure - throughout this movie. The "make or break" of whether you buy into this movie happens in the last 20 minutes, and I won't spoil it here, but, I went with it and really enjoyed my time at 10 CLOVERFIELD LANE.7 (out of 10) stars and you can take that to the Bank (of Marquis)
평점: 10	리뷰: This was a fantastic movie that keeps you thinking back and forth about a couple of things right to the very end. Is John Goodman's character a good guy or a creep? Was there or wasn't there a chemical, nuclear, or biological attack? Is the other dude that is down there with them on the level or is he in with Goodman's character? I sat there and kept going back and forth, being teased as well as entertained throughout the entire movie. And I felt for Mary Elizabeth Winstead's character the whole time. What is she to believe and what should she do? And then just when you think you've figured it out and you think the movies over...boom! Out of nowhere comes a shocker of a twist that you're not really expecting. This movie is thought provoking, intense at times, and it might even make you jump a couple of times! Great fun and well worth the price of a ticket!
평점: 8	리뷰: "10 Cloverfield Lane" (2016 release; 103 min.) brings the story of Michelle. As the movie opens, we see her packing her things and leaving an apartment, leaving the keys and an engagement ring on the counter. While driving out of New Orleans, the boyfriend calls and tries to convince her to come back. Next thing we know, Michelle is in a terrible car accident (all this is before the movie's opening titles). When Michelle wakes up, she finds herself in a windowless room, literally chained to the wall. Her captor, Howard, informs her that "I'm sorry, but nobody is looking for you" that he's keeping her for her own sake. What is going on? To tell you more would spoil your viewing experience, you'll just have to see for yourself how it all plays out.Couple of comments: this is the spiritual follow-up to 2008's "Cloverfield", the surprise box office hit about aliens invading Manhattan. Don't call this a sequel, though. The story line has nothing to do with the earlier movie. Here, we get a movie that reminds of Stephen King's "Misery" in a way: Howard claims to have rescued Michelle, but did he really or is he a kidnapper? The brilliant thing about this film is that it keeps you guessing pretty much throughout. Just when you think you're onto something, the plot-heavy movie surprises you once more. And the last 30 min. are just out of this world. This is directed by newcomer Dan Trachtenberg, who, under the tutelage of producer J.J. Abrams, does a phenomenal job in crafting this mystery-thriller. The acting performances are top-notch, starting with John Goodman as Howard, but Mary Elizabeth Winstead, best known from indie movies like "Smashed" and "A.C.O.D.", is equally impressive as Michelle. john Gallagher, Jr. as Emmett rounds out the cast (yes, one could say that the majority of a movie is a filmed play set in a bunker). The boyfriend who calls Michelle early in the movie is voices by... Bradley Cooper! Last but not least, there is a nice orchestral score, courtesy of composer Bear McCreary."10 Cloverfield Lane" opened this weekend nationwide. I had seen the trailer a number of times, and couldn't wait to see it. The Friday evening screening where I saw this at here in Cincinnati was attended okay but not nearly as packed as I had expected it to be. Regardless, if you are in the mood for a good mystery-thriller, you can count on having a finger-lickin' good time with this movie. "10 Cloverfield Lane" is HIGHLY RECOMMENDED!
평점: 8	리뷰: I enjoyed this movie while I watched it but found it ultimately unsatisfying.I am not a fan of the "Woman-in-Peril" genre. In this genre some sadistic guy has control over a young woman and the suspense is whether or not a team of investigators can save her in time. Meanwhile, the audience gets occasional, lurid scenes of her fear and suffering, and of the sadist's twisted personality and unpredictable behavior.In my opinion, the less concentration on a woman's suffering, the better the genre. On the other hand, if the woman shows great self-reliance and intelligence in the face of danger, then that will enhance any movie within this genre.What makes 10 Cloverfield Lane a very superior version of this genre is: excellent acting on the part of John Goodman, great self-reliance and intelligence on the part of Mary Winstead, and the novel slant of an ever-changing mystery concerning the overall situationThe movie is also within the Sci-Fi genre. Before I saw this movie I noticed that some reviewers said that the movie was terrible until the end while others said it was wonderful until the end. I found it strange that those who liked the first 90% of the movie disliked the last 10% while others, who disliked the first 90%, suddenly liked the remaining 10%. After I saw the movie I understood perfectly why this was the case.Since I do not want to give anything away, let me just say that the movie does contain a Sci-Fi element but the two genres are very poorly integrated with each other. If you enjoy Woman-in-Peril suspense movies, then you should definitely see this movie. If you don't like Woman-in-Peril and you wanted mainly to see a Sci-Fi movie, then you will be disappointed (even though there is definitely a Sci-Fi element in it).
평점: 10	리뷰: How could post apocalypse film be flipped over again after it's been cooked to shoe leather on the grill of repetitiveness? Through the acting of its three main characters, a decent story but more directly the ability to build all the characters back stories (except the female protagonist, all we know is she dated Bradley Cooper), hint at the devastation outside enough to explain the story but not reveal it, add psychopathy and sweetness into one character and minimal use of special effects, turns this dried out and over done steak into some juicy filet. Few movies since Hitchcock can sustain a level of tension through out 2 hours and keep it constant. Few movies can re invent a usual apocalypse in a new way., few actors could play sweet and sour as good as Goodman can as his performance is a tied that rises all ships. The bunker itself is a character that has a story to tell. The story leaves us asking if it's right to do the wrong thing if eventually you turned out to be right even though you were doing dastardly things to compensate for a dastardly thing done to you. Whoa. Do we have sympathy for that character or do we applaud when it goes downhill for him. I still don't know if we should have sympathy or gratitude for someone who we want to believe is a misunderstood good guy when the facts and some evidence point out he is really a sociopath responsible for a hideous crime but can understand why he is the way he is. It's like finding out Santa was Jeffery dahmer. Lastly I have never seen a movie that made a previous okay movie seem much better. It seems to explain its predecessor and gives it a few more movie points even though it is explained 10 years later. Well done and entertaining. Also great job keeping the violence slightly off screen we didn't need to see it and it had a greater effect.
평점: 7	리뷰: To describe 10 Cloverfield Lane in one word: Genreless.I won't say much about the film as I'm a strong believer of going in blind, but I will say that the performances, writing, and cinematic pacing worked perfectly together to create a truly unique film.I loved watching it, and the moments of comedy sprouting up throughout made the duality between light-hearted humanity and dark confusion work perfectly together. I would give the Titles and Credits 10/10 as well, because they were just so damn fantastic and fresh and reminded me that titling is an art form like any other in the cinematic Genre. If you enjoy good film, you will enjoy 10 Cloverfield Lane.
평점: 5	리뷰: It wasn't a bad movie overall. It was good for what it was, however the ending is what irritated me. As many horror movies the endings are usually bad. *** this will contain spoilers ***I came up with two endings that I thought would've been a lot better than what actually happened. What actually happened: The girl defeats the giant alien and crashes to the ground. She wakes up and starts driving back towards home to see if her family and boyfriend is still alive. She hears a woman on the radio say that theirs a safe haven and that they need more people to help fight in the war. Instead of going to find her family she turns around and goes to the safe haven to fight. Before I write what I would've preferred for the ending, let me add that I hated the fact that this movie had aliens in it at the end. Like, aliens? Really? This ain't no Sci - Fi movie... It would've been a lot better with just a regular war between HUMANS. Everything that the aliens were doing at the end, human armies could do too. My ending #1 : After defeating the alien and crashing back down to the ground, she wakes up and finds herself in the hospital, with her boyfriend at her bedside, realizing that everything that happened to her was only a dream. ( at the beginning of the movie she got into a car accident )My ending #2 : After defeating her abductor and escaping, she goes outside and realizes that the air isn't actually contaminated and people are not actually dying / dead. She walks through the field and finds herself in civilization, and everything that the man said to her was a lie. ^^^ much better suited for the kind of movie that it was. Also a lot more realistic.
평점: 8	리뷰: "10 Cloverfield Lane" may or may not be a sequel to 2008's "Cloverfield" or even possibly in the same continuity, that is never made clear but is unnecessary because this is a stand-alone film that is tense from the start. There may be Easter-eggs scattered throughout that connects the two, I have no clue, but it really doesn't matter to me because this movie doesn't need to be a part of the same universe as "Cloverfield". I am 100% satisfied with this secluded thriller that I watched last night all on its own. The film opens with a young woman, played by Mary Elizabeth Winstead, driving out to the country side while all is seemingly right with the world around her. After her car is hit and knocked off the road she wakes up to a man, John Goodman, claiming that there has been some sort of nuclear attack on the country; if it is being made by some foreign terrorist or someone else is unclear. He states that she can't leave because the air is toxic and won't be clean enough to survive outside of the fallout shelter they are taking refuge in for at least a year. Along with Goodman is another young man, John Gallagher Jr., who tries to help Winstead through trying to come to terms on being in the shelter. From there the viewer is never sure what is actually happening behind Goodman's curtain; whether he's telling the truth, and if he is, does it mean she's actually safe with these two men?The rest of the film is something I refuse to spoil because it is one hell of a ride. This is a very tense, thrilling and gripping story about three people locked down in a fallout shelter together just trying to get by. For the most part anyhow. The performances and chemistry between the actors are great. John Goodman gives a performance that is simultaneously chilling and likable. For the most part, he comes across as a guy that only wants to help, but there is always something about him that comes across as "not right". But it's played so well and written so perfectly that you don't know if there's legitimately something wrong with this character that could be life threatening or because he's just a socially awkward, conspiracy theorist with a sad past. You never truly know...well, until you know and then things are pretty clear. The film plays with you a little because you never feel like there is a trustworthy character. At any time, while yes they seem normal mostly but you don't know enough about them to be totally sure if they aren't up to something as well. All three characters are easily likable, even with Goodman being as intense and scary as he can be he also feels human and has moments of levity.Once the ending happens, things feel crazy and I never knew where it was going once the third act hits. It is a fantastic watch and I highly recommend checking it out. If you like a thriller that will hold you in your seat while you need to use the restroom so bad, but you can't get up because of the need to see what happens next...here you go.
평점: 2	리뷰: Oh man this week there were not a lot of options at the cinema. Oscar movies passed so we were left with a choice between cartoons and this movie.... I wish I had gone for the cartoon movie... Movie starts pretty good.... and actually gets better for a while. The actors are doing a good job, u get comfortable with the characters things are evolving towards some predicted ending. But then things get a little too intense for no real good reason. Almost like they are trying to make an additional point when you already know what's coming. Anyhow, things would have not been that bad if everything had stopped at one particular point (I'm sure u can all figure it out)...but no they had to keep on going and before u know it I felt that I paid a lot of money for a Sci-Fi production. The second star is because it made me laugh....just like a Sci-Fi movie.
평점: 6	리뷰: The movie was okay, but I think I was expecting it to have a stronger relationship to Cloverfied (which I really liked). However, that was not the case, well at least for most of the movie. I'm glad that I had coffee throughout this movie as I am pretty sure I would have slept in between scenes. I feel like this movie just left a lot of unanswered questions and unknowns. For most of the movie the main characters are stuck inside the bunker the entire time. I really gotta give a great applause to all the actors though. They did an awesome job! Only if it had more action then this movie would have been way better. I would not mind sticking around for another 30 minutes for more action.
평점: 8	리뷰: Cloverfield, a film I watched for the first time this week, is terrible. It is a multilayered mess that features obnoxious acting, a story littered with ruinous plot holes, headache inducing cinematography, and all the tension of your great-grandma's wrinkly skin. In short, it's generally unwatchable. 10 Cloverfield Lane is the sequel (or, as J.J. Abrams calls it, "blood relative") that no one asked for, constructed in secrecy to generate hype that would never have erupted otherwise. I expected nothing of this movie, but what I got was a pleasant, if not somewhat mixed, surprise.Michelle (Mary Elizabeth Winstead) likes to run away from her problems. After getting into a fight with her boyfriend, she takes a long, country drive that leads to her getting t-boned on a highway in the middle of nowhere, and crashing into unconsciousness. She wakes up in the underground bunker of the enigmatic Howard (John Goodman), who tells her that the world has been decimated by a bio-attack perpetrated by an unknown party. However, things start to grow uneasy as Michelle discovers Howard might not be who he says he is.10 Cloverfield Lane is strikingly different from its older brother in that it lacks any real kaiju, and is set up more as a psychological thriller, not a creature feature. Which makes sense, once you discover that the film was conceived by Josh Campbell and Matthew Stuecken as "The Cellar," an entity totally separate from the Cloverfield universe. It wasn't until J.J. Abrams got a hold of it (and integrated aliens), and Oscar-nominee Damien Chazelle doctored it that it became the film we know today.I say this because "The Cellar" is a really good movie. It's possibly the most gripping suspense tale I've seen since Ex Machina, and it's equally intimate and self-contained. Accompanied by rock solid acting and directing, these elements allow for a laser-focused story that shepherds us through the uncertainty and fear felt by Michelle. I can't remember the last time I genuinely had no clue where a flick was headed, and couldn't tell who was to be believed. It was an unsettling experience that put a big, dumb, anxious smile on my face.The last twenty minutes, however, were clearly tacked on to earn the Cloverfield connection, and in that regard, the ending earns its name. By that, I mean it sucks. It creates several loose ends that feel upsettingly unsatisfying, and the lazy, hackneyed, unbelievable conclusion betrays everything the film has been working towards. You feel cheated as an audience member, like you wasted the previous hour and a half, and it's unfair to the great movie it's leaching off of.It's unjust to attack the ending too harshly though, as "The Cellar" would, most likely, never have seen the light of day had Mr. Abrams not decided to incorporate it into a pre-established universe. It's just a damn shame to see a great film muddied by modern production and distribution methods. You could certainly do worse at the theatre, but you could also do better. You might as well try to find somewhere that's still showing The Witch, or stream The Exorcist on Netflix if you want your satisfying thriller fix.
평점: 8	리뷰: When is a movie a "spiritual successor"? No, it doesn't have anything to do with ghosts procreating. A movie that is a spiritual successor or spiritual sequel to its predecessor is a movie that doesn't follow the same story line as the original, but has enough in common with the original's setting, themes or style that the new movie can be seen as "in the spirit of" the film to which it's being compared. Another way to think about it is that the two movies exist in the same cinematic universe. They often also have the same production team. The closest example that comes to mind is the pair of "300" movies. The 2014 film "300: Rise of an Empire" had some overlap with the 2006 film "300" in time period, setting, themes and style, but had its own story almost completely apart from the story told in the first film.Similarly, the 2016 film "10 Cloverfield Lane" (PG-13, 1:43) is a distant relative of 2008's found-footage science fiction monster movie "Cloverfield". (Call them second cousins twice removed.) "10 Cloverfield Lane" is based on a screenplay entitled "The Cellar" which Paramount purchased in 2012 and gave to J.J. Abrams' Bad Robot Productions to develop it further. Bad Robot had produced the original "Cloverfield" and Abrams has said that "The Cellar" had "so many elements that felt like the DNA of this story were of the same place that 'Cloverfield' was born out of." Abrams adds that his company produced this film as a "blood relative" of "Cloverfield". Unfortunately, using the name of the original in the title of its very different successor is a bit of a spoiler, but the setting (mostly underground), the themes (wondering what's really happening when you can't see it) and style (traditional camera-work rather than "found footage"), allows Movie Fans to still enjoy this film, whether they saw (and liked) "Cloverfield" or not.Speaking of avoiding spoilers, doing so prevents me from going as far into the plot of this movie as I usually do in my reviews, but here's the basic set-up: Mary Elizabeth Winstead is Michelle, a young Louisiana woman who leaves her fiancé, Ben (Bradley Cooper). As she's driving down an isolated 2-lane highway, she gets into a car accident that leaves her injured and unconscious. She wakes up in an underground bunker in the care of a survivalist who identifies himself as Howard (John Goodman). He tells Michelle that he saved her life – not just from dying of her injuries – but from an "attack" that has left everyone above ground either dead or dying. He says he's not sure if the attack was perpetrated by the Russians, the Martians, or(?), but he's adamant that leaving the bunker would mean certain death.Michelle is skeptical, to say the least, even after she meets the bunker's other resident, Emmett (John Gallagher, Jr.) who backs up everything Howard has said. Emmett is a contractor who helped Norman build his doomsday bunker over a period of years and then fought to be let in when, lo and behold, Armageddon actually happened! Howard is a Navy veteran who seems paranoid and occasionally exhibits other odd and even volatile behaviors, but his end-of-the-world man cave does have all the comforts of home and it does appear that Howard has saved their lives, so Michelle and Emmett settle in, become friends and even learn to get along with Howard for a while. As with all good thrillers, surprises, suspense and a struggle for survival await some or all of the main characters."10 Cloverfield Lane" is a great spiritual successor that builds on the legacy of "Cloverfield" with an entirely different framework. The unusual circumstances that I related above regarding how this movie came to be provide us with an original story that effectively taps into the original's fear and sense of foreboding. The plot allows for a departure from the overused found-footage format and gives us a uniquely creepy and claustrophobic vibe. The performances also come across as very authentic. Early in the movie, we feel Michelle's disorientation and fear. Then, we are put somewhat at ease by Emmett's presence and his good-guy friendliness. Throughout the film, much like those two characters do, we alternate between feeling good about Norman and being suspicious of him. Is he paranoid because he's crazy? Is he crazy because he's paranoid? Or is he simply a well-meaning but neurotic loner who has been thrown off his game by unexpectedly living out an apocalyptic version of "Three's Company"? And how does the 2008 film relate to all this? All good questions. On its way to giving us good answers, "10 Cloverfield Lane" keeps us off balance, but will ultimately satisfy most Movie Fans, whether they saw (and liked) "Cloverfield" or not. "A-"
평점: 8	리뷰: First, this isn't a sequel to Cloverfield nor does it take place in the same universe as Cloverfield, so if you go see this, don't get mad that the Clover monster isn't ripping through the city again. Now that that's out of the way, this is going to be a completely spoiler-free review, unless you don't want to know about, um, character names. But seriously, the less you know about this movie, the better, so I'm not going to give anything away that wasn't in any of the trailers. In 10 Cloverfield Lane, a woman, Michelle, gets in a car accident and wakes up in an underground bunker. Her captor, Howard claims to have saved her life and that everyone outside the bunker is dead. Another man is also in the bunker, named Emmet, and tensions arise between the three as Howard becomes increasingly suspicious, and Emmet and Michelle mount an escape plan. While Cloverfield, was an intense, in-your-face monster flick, 10 Cloverfield Lane is a completely different beast altogether. Instead of the vast area of New York City, this movie takes place in the confines of a doomsday bunker, so the scares come from paranoia and suspense than a giant monster attacking the city. All three cast members are excellent in their roles, especially John Goodman as Howard. His awesomely creepy performance makes this one of his most memorable roles. Mary Elizabeth Winstead and John Galleger Jr. are incredible as well. You may recognize her as Wendy from Final Destination 3. Winstead's character definitely isn't a damsel in distress here; Michelle is crafty and smart like Nancy from A Nightmare on Elm Street. John Galleger Jr. also provides some witty comic relief while also seeming a bit suspicious himself. 10 Cloverfield Lane is a restrained, suspenseful and well-crafted psychological thriller that calls to mind both Misery and The Twilight Zone, and if this anthology series continues, it'll be hard to match the standards set by this and its predecessor.
평점: 9	리뷰: 10 Cloverfield Lane is directed Dan Trachtenberg, this being his first film, and stars Mary Elizabeth Winstead as Michelle, a woman who gets into a massive car accident when leaving her fiancé, and wakes up chained to a wall in an underground bomb shelter. Her captor, or possible savior, is a man named Howard, played excellently by John Goodman, who claims there has been an apocalypse, and that the outside air isn't breathable, so she must stay underground. Also in the shelter is a man named Emmett (John Gallagher Jr.), who also claims there was an end to the world, however he isn't too sure of what's true. Together, Michelle and Emmett must figure out if there was an Armageddon, and, if not, how to escape the madman that has imprisoned them.This film is somewhat of a sequel to Cloverfield (2008), however some say it isn't. In a way, it is, and the connection bears the only downside to the film, but I'll get into that later. Right now, I'll discuss the positives. The best thing about 10 Cloverfield Lane is the suspense. This movie's is easily one of the most suspenseful thrillers I've ever seen, comparable to some of the greats like Se7en (1995) and Psycho (1960). Much of the suspense is due to the great acting, especially from John Goodman. While Mary Elizabeth Winstead and John Gallagher Jr. did amazing, John Goodman gives one of the best performances of the 2010's. Who knew that Roseanne's husband could play one of the creepiest characters brought to film. I really hope to see him in more roles like this, because he killed it.Like mentioned earlier, Mary Elizabeth Winstead and John Gallagher Jr. also do fantastic, and aren't necessarily washed out by John Goodman's character. Thank you Hollywood, for finally bringing us a strong, independent female character with Michelle. Rather than some stupid person that constantly needs a guy right next to her for protection and attention, Michelle is strong and can stand alone, and face an evil man such as Howard, without a boyfriend holding her hand. John Gallagher Jr. does really well playing a confused man, wondering whether or not the end of the world is real or not, and whether or not he's being lied to. However, his character, Emmett, isn't really fleshed out all that well. This doesn't really take away from the film, since he's not the lead character. Overall, the movie's about Michelle.The directing is also amazing. 10 Cloverfield Lane is Dan Trachtenberg's first feature film, and he does amazing. I very much look forward to his future films, especially any thrillers he directs, due to just how suspenseful this movie is. All but 10 minutes of the movie takes place in a tiny bomb shelter, and yet the direction seems to open up the bunker, and make it seem bigger than it actually is. This technique is very impressive, and adds a lot to the film, rather than the location get boring after an hour or so. This actually leads me into the next point, which is the run time. This film clocks in at about 2 hours, and it flies by. The run time feels nothing like 2 hours, and a bit more like 45 minutes or so. I honestly felt like I was watching an amazing episode of some horror television show, and it happened to be astounding.Now, it may sound like I'm just praising this movie, but there was a big negative, involving only the last 10 minutes or so of the run time. Describing this with no spoilers is going to be a bit hard, but I won't ruin the movie for anyone who hasn't yet seen it. Now, the whole film, the audience, as well as Michelle and Emmett, are wondering whether or not there was an apocalypse or if Howard is just a creepy kidnapper. We find out at the end, and the outcome isn't bad in itself, but it makes another aspect of the film make no sense. Like I said, hard to explain without spoilers, so I'll just leave it at that, and you'll see what I mean when I watch it.Overall, 10 Cloverfield Lane is a very good movie, and a near perfect thriller, with great acting, including John Goodman's Oscar-worthy performance, and Mary Elizabeth Winstead's great female lead. I'm going to give 10 Cloverfield Lane an A, or a 9 out of a 10.
평점: 7	리뷰: In March of 2007, J.J. Abrams took to the TED Talk stage and spoke to a captive audience about his creative process. He equated his storytelling techniques to an old magic box he bought when he was a kid. "You look a Star Wars...you don't know who that mysterious woman is; mystery box...you open up the message in the droid, she wants to find Obi-Wan Kenobi, but who is that; mystery box." Inside those boxes are endless possibilities that keep the viewer in suspense until that magical moment the box is finally opened. 10 Cloverfield Lane is that aesthetic philosophy put into practice by incredibly talented people both behind and in front of the camera.10 Cloverfield Lane starts with Michelle (Winstead) packing up her belongings and driving to parts unknown. In the dead of night, Michelle is run off the road and wakes up in a windowless room, attached to a I.V. drip and handcuffed to a pipe. In comes Howard (Goodman), a lumbering, menacing older man who calmly informs her there has been a nationwide attack of some kind. Luckily she was saved in the nick of time by Howard who had his underground bunker built years prior. Naturally, Michelle is suspicious and looks to escape, yet after fellow cohabitant Emmett (Gallagher) confirms Howard's doomsday tale, she must decide whether she's safer in the bunker or outside.Is this film meant to be a sequel to Cloverfield (2008) the popular found-footage film that made J.J. Abrams a household name? If so, instead of making the sequel bigger, louder and dumber than its predecessor, the film is a tiny, smartly done chamber piece that masterfully plays on the audiences' expectations. This movie is fierce giving the internal and external threats to Michelle's well- being constantly in the minds of the viewers, all while giving us a mystery of sorts to solve.Much of the credit must be given to the three fine actors who take up the entire movie. Winstead is wonderful as our resourceful and instinctual heroine. As the stakes are inevitably raised higher and higher, she resists succumbing to Bad Decision Syndrome (BDS) and stays ahead of the audience in new and creative ways. Gallagher stumbles a bit when accentuating the balance between southern good 'ol boy and cautious gentleman. Yet his character proves endearing as he breaks the tension between Michelle and Howard on several occasions. If there's one person proving to be the true standout however, it's John Goodman.Part of the mystery surrounding 10 Cloverfield Lane is Howard's true temperament and intentions. One minute the man is calm, even friendly to his fellow house guests; other moments he explodes with furious anger without much provocation. Howard can be seen by some as a surrogate or a mouthpiece to anti-society types who prep for the coming apocalypse and would take great relish in saying "I told you so." Yet because this kind of attitude largely exists in the fringes, Howard; either through nature or nurture, cannot cope with other human beings. It is revealed early on that Howard brought Michelle to the bunker but if his story is to be believed, for what reason did he bring her? I have my own theory which would explain Howard's natural antagonism towards Emmett. Ironic that a man so dedicated to saving his own life has completely lost his humanity.Unfortunately, the "practical" purpose for bringing Michelle to the bunker is largely left unexplored which likely helped the film keep it's PG-13 rating but does it no favors either. The film has other faults including tipping its hand too early when it comes to whether the nationwide attack was real or a figment of Howard's imagination. There's also a third act reveal that seems to resolve itself far too quickly. Yet under novice director Dan Trachtenberg's confident vision and the watchful eye of producers J.J. Abrams, Drew Goddard and Matt Reeves et al. this creepy little film has enough Hitchcockian suspense to stem any oversights.Despite largely taking place in a single multi-roomed bunker, 10 Cloverfield Lane feels like a high quality B-horror film with some surprising twists and turns. The characters are strong and interesting and the events are all generated naturally from the decisions of the characters and not some cockamamie high-concept conceit. It's interesting that an intimate movie like this can be spun-off of a larger than life found footage film monster movie. I guess sometimes the greatest mysteries can come from the smallest packages.
평점: 9	리뷰: I love the film and am trying to figure out how to write a review without giving anything away. A woman on the road at night is suddenly in an accident. When she wakes up you immediately start wondering what direction this film could go in. It could go down several different paths. You think you've got it all figured out. Based upon what you are seeing, there really is no other way to go. Wrong.At some point things seem to settle into some harmonious normalcy but then things get ugly and disturbing. Always were a bit disturbing but more ominous.The acting is excellent by everyone, the twists and turns very good especially since these three characters are in an underground bunker. It is edge of your seat, leaning forward intensity. A wild ride for sure. Check it out!
평점: 9	리뷰: This film takes so much pleasure in being exactly what it wants to be, a "genre film". From the loud score in many scenes (which works wonders), to the clever way that it follows certain formulas while still managing to be distinct in its own way, there's something so instantly likable about it. It helps that it's very well-written, structurally effective, and the trio of performances and characters are very strong. John Goodman should seriously be in consideration for some end-of-the-year mentions or critic awards. I think the whole thing is just a wonder. It's briskly paced and it's magnificently directed.Then those last 15 minutes happened. I wonder, had it not been expected to have a connection to Cloverfield, would the writers have gone there? Was that always their intention? Did they name the film what they did because they were pressured? If so, what would the ending have been like? I think it would have been very frustrating had Winstead gone outside, realized that there was no radiation-type thing and that everything was absolutely normal. Many stories and films have done that sort of thing, and it would have been so easy to do that here. I don't have a problem with aliens existing in the film. I just think it's ironic that it's this film, which is spent almost all inside a bunker, that doesn't follow the "less is more" approach, something which its sibling film, which was a lot more action-paced, followed. They overdo it with the chase sequences, and they show the aliens way too much. It just felt like a different film. They should have seriously shortened that last sequence. I don't think it ruins the film at all, but does it bring it down a level or two? Possibly, yeah.I still love the film. I think it turns and twists in ways that are exciting, clever, and just fun, without turning into stupidity. Those last 10 minutes aside, there's not much that I have a problem with. I'm hoping I warm up to its ending with time.
평점: 8	리뷰: Firstly, this movie has almost nothing to do with the original Cloverfield. From my understanding, it was a marketing ploy to gain hype and media attention. Apparently, 10 Cloverfield Lane had originally been called The Cellar but was not amassing enough hype. I would not bother watching the original Cloverfield if you have not already seen it. 10 Cloverfield Lane should be regarded as independent from Cloverfield. It can be argued that the two movies take place in the same "universe"; however, the line is too thin to call this one a sequel. Secondly, it was a great movie overall. It was unpredictable, psychologically thrilling, and uniquely disturbing. John Goodman's character dances along the lines of sanity and insanity throughout the movie which keeps the audience guessing. I understand why Mary Elizabeth Winstead was the first and only choice... the movie couldn't have been done without her. I definitely recommend this to anyone 16+. Although the movie has a "hard" PG-13 rating, I would say it could easily have been given the R rating due to intense violence.
평점: 8	리뷰: I was incredibly interested to see this film. But then one of the reasons why I was interested ended up being one of the reasons the film simply doesn't work. I have one major script issue and one issue by marketing that IMO ruins the film.***SPOILERS***THE SCRIPT:I actually loved the way the film starts and gets into the story. I was even with the film all the way until we reach the point where Howard kills Emmett. IMO, this was an incredibly weak choice. At that point, Howard cradles Michelle and tells her "it's okay, this is how it was supposed to be."Meaning Howard PLANNED to only have Michelle at the bunker. Which means his accident story is false. Which means he was - during an attack - driving around looking for a girl to be with him in the bunker all before the air is poisoned? What are the odds he would find a girl under those conditions at that time? It was reaching to make that Howard's "plan all along".I thought the trailer gave away the end, but it didn't. I loved that twist. Where we think Michelle is escaping but sees that Howard's telling the truth.I just felt that the screenwriters didn't use Emmett well at all. He wasn't a decoy, he was simply there.Also, do we really believe Emmett could've overpowered Howard into the Bunker? Or convinced Howard to take him in? If Howard TRULY just wanted it to be him & Michelle, he would've killed Emmett before Michelle ever woke up.I was hoping the filmmakers were going to use "Howard being Evil" that second time as a rouse. That the reason Emmett knew about the Bunker was that HE had kidnapped that girl.It made no sense why Howard would show Michelle a picture of a girl who's not his daughter if Emmett was aware of who the kidnapped girl was.THE MARKETING:I admit, "10 CLOVERFIELD LANE" intrigued me. The idea this is a sort of sequel to CLOVERFIELD got me to buy tickets, but then when Michelle wakes up in the bunker and DOESN'T believe Howard that something's happening outside - it dawned on me - IT'S A SEQUEL TO CLOVERFIELD, so Howard's 100% right.All the mystery was gone.by calling it "cloverfield" and mentioning in press that it's a sequel, it completely invalidates all the tension of "if" something is happening or not.I think the filmmakers would've been better to name the film "THE BUNKER" and then NOT tell people it's a sequel. And then, at the end, when Michelle escapes, you see that mailbox with the address "10 Cloverfield Lane" - and let audiences put it together.Maybe I'm alone, but ultimately this was an unsatisfying experience. I love Goodman and Wanstead. I loved the production design of the bunker. The screenwriters were too focused on plot and not enough on character. Really underusing Emmett and making Wanstead one note were weak decisions. Also, making Goodman good, bad, good and bad just showed they were trying to trick the audience instead of serving the story.And if I could advise Dan Trachtenberg in the future, you DON'T have to have 90% music running through your film. Silence is sometimes more effective than score to build tension. I felt like this was a musical with wall-to-wall score playing. They're in a bunker. I would've preferred to hear silence, like the characters hear. The weird rumblings from above. The constant hum of the lights or generator or fans.
평점: 7	리뷰: I will be honest, during the time that CLOVERFIELD dominated the hype media back in 2007, I didn't care all that much. Don't get me wrong, I wanted to see it and it maintains as good as I thought it would be, but man did the marketing got out of control. For all the time people speculated about the title, the tag line "1-18-2008", and constant ludicrous theories, I somehow became the minority when I kept saying "It is just a Monster movie BLAIR WITCH style! Get over yourselves!" I didn't even bother to care what I thought the monster actually looked like, which I apparently was also the minority on among the utterly disappointed audience who saw nothing more than just a giant lizard. As for me, I liked it enough. Sure the overall payoff sorely needed, there was really some dumb moments, and the overall film almost swayed into Overrated territory, but it still hold enough for me as far as monster movies BLAIR WITCH style goes. With that being said, it is no surprise that I would also have mixed feelings with its "blood relative" 10 CLOVERFIELD LANE. The first 90 minutes is a solid mix of elaborate problem-solving and an even darker spin on the people-trapped-in-a-room scenario (think ROOM but in the room throughout the movie), while the last part is... underwhelming to say the least. And it is at this point that we really could have seen this coming, especially from a Bad Robot production company. I would be the last to know how the whole JJ Abrams "mystery box" marketing for his movies actually works for me, but I would be the first to elaborate how obnoxious it gets while trying. There is a level of patronization with the conceit of playing with my expectations and having the whole thing turn up like I always thought it would be the whole time, and I HIGHLY doubt that I am on the minority on the issue. Sure, a movie as good otherwise as THE FORCE AWAKENS or even CLOVERFIELD would dismiss it entirely, but this does conjure a lot of unfulfilled expectations that might taint these films despite their quality. But to the story. A woman named Michelle is held under supervision in an underground bunker by the man of Howard (John Goodman), who claims to save her from an impending danger up on the surface. Throughout the movie, we explore her interacting with both him and another guy while they, or rather the film, constantly hints at said impending danger that I, frankly, already know about fro the title. Things gradually get hostile with Howard, who may or may not be a closet psychopath, and the two other people find ways to piece together what is going on, and evidently escape only to face a pretty underwhelming ending. The movies strong points is definitely when the main characters are in the bunker. Outside of mystery teasing and Howard's creepy dual nature, the script manages to bring out these characters outside of their blank-state traits. Michelle in particular is the most well- rounded of them all, as we first see her running away from personal issues only to have her think multiple ways to solve them instead throughout the movie. What was once a confused, frail woman slowly but surely shifts into a bold, outward-thinking protagonist within the confines of her unfamiliar surroundings. Sadly, the other guy (John Gallagher Jr) just doesn't grow into me other than some dude trying to be funny.But at the end of the day, it is John Goodman who steals the show. What once framed as either kind-hearted, dignified, or just an everyman, his role might be his biggest and darkest turn for what otherwise could've been a tired crazy man stock character. Menacing and aggressive at one point, but dignified and collective in the next. He is also just a joy to watch, stealing almost every scene where he gets to lose his marbles! Had this film tanked in any way, he might still be worth at least one viewing.Heck, even the director earns great credit here. After enjoying these 90 minutes, I am certainly keeping track of Dan Trachtenberg for now on. He follows this film with a Portal short called NO ESCAPE, and boy does it resonate just as well here. The film is somehow structured like some sort of puzzle-solving point-and-click game where the main character finds elaborate ideas and inventions to progress the story. He certainly gets this down to the tee, as well as a good eye for composition, chilling still-shots, and making claustrophobic tunnel crawling instantly engaging. For all the films based on simple sets, it is quite a feat to draw us into every punch, scream, and chase scene leading up to the big ending......And then the ending happened, and the quality all dips down to "meh". Without spoiling, the point at which one of the main characters steps outside of the bunker sorely disconnected me. Not only does it drag and quickly skews over to ridiculous territory, it was basically a payoff that I already expected. Seriously, if you have seen CLOVERFIELD and got fooled by the trailers into thinking of something more, you really need to check yourself. Not only that, but it feels completely distant from the other parts of the movie, as if JJ Abrams was saying instead of calling it a "blood relative," he meant to say "Look. This had nothing to do with CLOVERFIELD, so we decided to drop the name in to help the director sell more tickets!" Above all else, the movie is quite simply solid enough for recommendation, even though it could've been more tight with the ending, the stuff before is so good that I can't fault this merely for unmet expectationsRating: 7/10 (GOOD)
평점: 5	리뷰: 10 Cloverfield Lane.Dullsville, USA With its dramatic irony (given away in the film's title) 10 Cloverfield plays like a lethargic, overly long Twilight Zone episode. And a low-budget first round to an upcoming much better movie. I started admiring the colorful theater carpet around 50 minutes in. Not a good sign. But what pretty abstract designs that rug has!No one in the theater enjoyed this pic, neither young nor old. It was heart-warming though to see a pack of 17-year-olds bond with the 60-year-old couple over their dislike of the film.10 Cloverfield starts with a bang. However, like many movies that do, it's at the expense of character building and engendering audience empathy. I couldn't care less about this heroine. And she has no transformational arc because of the failure to set up her character in the first few minutes of the film.If the plot twist at the end wasn't given away by the movie's title, this story of going out of the frying pan and into the fire would have been much more effective. (Add a star if you didn't see the original Cloverfield. Or just like cute girls in white tank tops.)
평점: 8	리뷰: " . . . THEY will come," Hollywood teaches the main tenet of Quantum Physics' String Theory in 10 CLOVERFIELD LANE. People say even a broken clock is right twice a day, and 10 CLOVERFIELD LANE suggests that every paranoid schizophrenic psychotic serial killer is reigning as a One-Eyed King in some Land of the Blind. When I lived near New Orleans in Tangipahoa Parish, folks like John Goodman's 10 CLOVERFIELD LANE character "Howard" were a dime a dozen. Certainly The Crescent City will be Ground Zero for most Alien Invasions, and any shape-shifting chameleon-like Extraterrestials will come to us in the guise of someone like Howard (obviously, intended to pay homage here to HOWARD THE DUCK). The religion of Karma contends that you reap what you sow, and your chickens eventually come home to roost in the form of Bad Karma. 10 CLOVERFIELD LANE shows what kind of just desserts a chick gets from running out on Bradley Cooper (who poignantly plays the voice of "Ben" in this story).
평점: 8	리뷰: I was skeptical about the new Cloverfield going in. The first movie was good, but not great, and it's rare that a sequel is as good as the original. Coming out, however, it was clear that not only is 10 Cloverfield Lane a clear step above the original, but also a great movie in its own right.While clearly set in the same universe as the original Cloverfield, 10 Cloverfield Lane is a very different beast altogether. It uses a completely new cast of characters, is pretty much set in one location, and forgoes the found footage style of the first one for a more traditional direction. While I thought the found footage was fine in the first one, it definitely wouldn't have worked well in this one.Basically, the plot is about a woman (Mary Elizabeth Winstead), who after being in an accident wakes up trapped in a doomsday prepper's (John Goodman) survival shelter with another man (John Gallagher). There is also a cameo by Bradley Cooper. Goodman's character warns that there has been an attack and that the three of them must remain in the shelter for an indefinite amount of time. As you can guess, the situation in this bunker soon turns south. All three give strong performances. This is clearly the best performance of Winstead's career, and the never disappointing John Goodman also gives one of his better performances. Like his character in Barton Fink, Goodman does an excellent job of playing a character who, while not outwardly evil, clearly has something off about him. With only three characters and one location, the performances alone carry this film a long way.That being said, the script also doesn't disappoint, which is penned in part by Whiplash director Damien Chazelle. All three characters are well developed, and while some plot points are predictable, the well-written script never lets the audience know exactly where the movie is going.10 Cloverfield Lane is a tense and exciting movie definitely worth checking out. It's admirable that in this sequel this get smaller rather than bigger (the actual budget is even less than the first). I think this film could become a sleeper hit, and is a must-see for fans of John Goodman or the original Cloverfield.
평점: 8	리뷰: ￼(RATING: ☆☆☆☆ out of 5) THIS FILM IS RECOMMENDED. IN BRIEF: A sequel that has its own life, 10 Cloverfield Lane is a nifty little thriller.GRADE: BSYNOPSIS: Trapped inside a bunker with strangers, an injured woman must decide which is the safer place for her.￼JIM'S REVIEW: Less is more, especially when trying to solve a mystery. The fun is in unraveling the clues and following them to their logical conclusion. (It was Colonel Mustard, in the Conservatory, with a Candlestick.) No spoilers here! The less you know about the plot of 10 Cloverfield Lane, the more enjoyment you will have in this classic detective game. ￼With that in mind, I will only expose the set-up. Three characters are hold up in a bunker with the threat of world annihilation above. But is that really the case? Is the evil within or just out of reach? Which haven is the safer choice?John Goodman plays Howard, the unhinged (or completely sane) master of the house. Mary Elizabeth Winstead is Michelle, his guest (or prisoner). It is essentially a two-character drama as tensions mount between them. John Gallagher, Jr., in a smaller role, plays Emmitt, the third party in this match-up. ￼Under Dan Trachtenberg's astute direction, all of the actors are solid. Their give-and-take with the characters pays off convincingly. The film mashes up the sci-fi genre with the mystery quite nicely. The damsel-in distress moments build to a frenzied and taut survival lesson, with some unexpected twists and turns along the way. Credit the creative screenplay by a trio of talented writers, Josh Campbell, Matt Stuecken, and Damien Chazelle. Their script wisely stays focused on the personal level between the characters and their apocalyptic dilemmas. The claustrophobic elements are front and center and add to the suspense, as does Stefan Grube's editing. Ramsey Avery's set-piece provides some wonderful insightful touches (and clues) in its home-sweet-home feel. ￼Like all mystery thrillers, the ending will either satisfy you or not, depending on how much you have personally invested in this charade and the believability in the film's narrative. (I was fine with the ending and found it did fulfill my expectations, with a few questions still unanswered, but then I am a stickler for logical sense in my thrillers.) 10 Cloverfield Lane combines all the attributes we require from psychological thrillers, sci-fi films, and horror stories quite efficiently which makes the film creepy fun.Visit my blog at: www.dearmoviegoer.comANY COMMENTS: Please contact me at: jadepietro@rcn.com
평점: 8	리뷰: After Michelle gets into a car crash, she wakes up in an underground bunker with two men. The girl assumes she and Emmett have been abducted by redneck Howard, but then learns that she has actually been saved from an apocalyptic event of some kind because the air is now poisonous. However, there is a good deal of doubt about this, so much of the tension in the movie is based on Michelle's uncertainty about whether Howard is lying. Is he a good guy or is he a "horror opa" as we say in Dutch. SPOILER! Shocking events take place that confirm both sides of the story are true: something terrible is happening up top and Howard is a homicidal kidnapper of young girls. Yes, this is tangentially at least an apocalyptic movie about alien invasion; however, it is also a gripping story about forcible confinement.At first this movie bothered me because of Michelle's emotional state and utter stupidity. She has the accident while texting in the car. The start of this movie will appeal more to those who think women are emotional wrecks, dangerous drivers and helpless ninnies. However, as the movie progresses this problem dispelled for me. We see Michelle's strength emerge. She becomes a strong figure who does what she needs to do to try to survive.The movie seemed to be implausible at first and based on an absurd writing prompt. It does have an artificial, crazy story line. Some of it reminded me of "The Divide", to be honest, especially her escape at the end.However, it worked well. I enjoyed it. All three actors played their roles well.From what I can see, this movie has nothing to do with "Cloverfield", although there is apparently a cinematographic connection of some kind.
평점: 7	리뷰: I'm at a loss on how to rate this film. I'm usually easy to please, so my ratings are often a 7 or higher. For this I was tempted to go below a 7 because it was not what I was expecting, and there were parts that were not needed. In fact, without them it would have been close to a 10. Therefore, it had to be a 7.Caution: This is not a sci fi movie... except for a fraction of it. It's mostly drama with a little thriller.I'm going to add some spoilers further along, but not yet. First I'll say that if you have seen the preview you at least know that for a while there are some people in a small area/room/place. This part of the movie is great. In fact, that is where I would rate the movie at its absolute strongest. The characters interacted well, the drama was there, the small intense parts were enjoyable, and there was mystery to what was going on.Now for the spoilers: The people were down there for a little too long if they wanted this to be related to Cloverfield in any way. They should have been down there for no longer than 45 minutes of the movie, then the real movie should have began. However, because they were down there so long, then maybe Cloverfield should not have been in the title so as not to confuse people? If you watch this movie you will not be seeing a movie with an alien presence... mostly. And (here comes the big spoiler) when she finally escapes just end the movie. We're done, no more was required. The strange unexplained 10 minutes of alien presence was useless. Silly. Strange. Sure we now know what sent them underground, but it was not needed. Leave it for the sequel maybe?Overall, yes, see the movie and enjoy it as a dram a with some frantic chills. Don't expect any real info on the alien invasion. Enjoy John Goodman's performance.
평점: 6	리뷰: (Some spoilers included)I went to see 10 Cloverfield Lane after reading a tweet from the great Stephen King, who expressed his love for this film on Twitter. I didn't read any reviews before going because I felt that didn't need to;--after all, the master of horror said he enjoyed it and so it had to be worth the nine bucks right?. Well, after leaving the theater, I was a bit disappointed and wished I would've waited for the rental. If King happened to like the film, it's probably because 10 Cloverfield Lane borrows heavily from Mr. King's own stories, including "Misery" and "The Mist." However, unlike those two masterpieces, 10 Cloverfield lane was a bit anti-climatic, because I never cared for any of the characters. And the ending wasn't as ambiguous as I was hoping it would be. I was hoping for an ending like in the movie, "The Mist," a film that I re-watched a dozen times searching for clues that would lead to a definitive answer. 10 Cloverfield Lane gives you no food for thought, and leaves nothing open to interpretation for the viewer's imagination.On the bright side, most of the film was absolutely thrilling to say the least. John Goodman gives a memorable performance and I found myself liking him and hating him at certain points in the story. The other leads were okay, but lacked urgency in many scenes. The story-telling was brilliant for the most part, doing an excellent job at misdirection, raising many questions, and making me guess a whole lot, but I wouldn't say this story had any major plot twists like you'd get in an M. Night Shyamalan or Hitchcock story.I expected that the writers of this film were taking a page from greats such as Hitchcock, Serling, Shyamalan, and King, but they only tried to. This film is just short of great, but I find it hard to call it a waste of time. Like I said, I did love the performance by Goodman, and I was intrigued for most of the film;--but only to be let down in the end.6/10. I enjoyed most of it, but I don't think I'll watch for a 2nd time.
평점: 8	리뷰: Dan Trachtenberg and J.J. Abrams are either absolute geniuses, or contemptuous trolls. Because, by calling the film 10 Cloverfield Lane, they duped all of social media into thinking that this was a sequel to the 2008 found-footage monster movie, Cloverfield. Boy, did they get you all good. I'd give this a spoiler alert, but as a cinephile, I know better, and so should all of you. I sniffed out the "hype" culture surrounding this film from the minute it dropped unexpectedly online.But a film being "overhyped" is certainly not the same thing as a film being bad, disappointing, or even just O.K. 10 Cloverfield Lane turns out to be better than anyone thought it was going to be. This is a brilliant return-to-form for the psychological thriller genre. I was reminded the whole time of Misery. What I mean is, it's a film that freaks you out, without ever being gory and overly stylized. This film never jumps through hoops to scare you, and yet it's lack of effort scares you even more. Films like this used to be made much more often, but that was a time when films weren't made for profit. I guess that's the reason as to why they named it 10 Cloverfield Lane. They knew it was a great film, but they had to make sure it made money.. by attaching Cloverfield to it. Sure, it's lame, but at least a whole new audience can have a whole new appreciation for the psychological thriller!My praise goes straight to John Goodman. It feels like a decade since we last saw him on screen, or at least that's what it seems, because I'm wondering to myself, where has this guy been? He's one of the great actors. He is electrifying in this. He's a monster, and no, I don't mean the kind that destroyed Manhattan in the 2008 film. We never know what he's about, why he's so crazed, and how much he was fabricating the truth about the situation he put our main character in, but the film keeps us guessing. In the end, we aren't given all the answers, and neither were we given a "gotcha" style ending, that would've left the audience howling, as expected. But that's the charm of this film. Sometimes, less is more, and less isn't at all what hype surrounding this movie wanted you to think. Yet, here we are, we all ended up seeing a great film, and that's all that matters.I left the theater pretty satisfied, and pretty entertained. Might I say, so far, 2016 has been an awesome year at the movies, and if it keeps up, I'm going to have a blast.
평점: 5	리뷰: I was excited for this movie without reading loads of positive reviews, but after reading them i dashed to the movie. Boy was i let down lol, without John Goodman i may have well walked out halfway in, it was like they were close to nailing a great movie and then decided to force it into a sequel when the two movies really had no natural ties to begin with? Could have been so much more had they thought of an original ending that went with the first 3/4 of the film, even with Goodmans acting i wanted to fast forward at least a few times, but i realized they needed the downtime when most the film takes place in a bunker. Some people seem to really enjoy it but i cant say im one of them.
평점: 7	리뷰: "10 Cloverfield Lane" is Producer J.J. Abrams shrouded in secrecy sequel to the 2008 surprise found footage hit "Cloverfield". Sort of.Without completely surrendering the premise, there are thematic elements from the original which come to prominence in this amply anticipated follow-up widely released this weekend (3/11/16). But certainly not to the overarching degree that these aspects factored intrinsically into it's predecessor.John Goodman is a particularly peculiar survivalist/conspiracy theorist (like there's any other kind?) who takes Mary Elizabeth Winstead into his farmhouse bunker for "safekeeping" in the wake of a violent car crash. John Gallagher Jr. is already a tenant of this cozy cum creepy underground community.Goodman is, as per usual, his reliable character actor self as Howard, a guy whom you never really know both if you can accept what he's saying as gospel (he claims the world above the trio has succumbed to a catastrophic chemical assault) or what in the living hell he may do next.Winstead has emerged as a personal favorite of mine. Her role as Michelle is one of a super sci-fi action hero here. It is a distinctly distant departure from previous impressive roles in substantially smaller scale productions including "Smashed" and "Alex of Venice". Winstead proves in resounding fashion to be more than up to the formidable demands of this heretofore unexplored province of performance. Still, despite a couple of moving moments, it is decidedly disappointing that more of her considerable acting acumen was not on display in this story."10 Cloverfield Lane" dutifully delivers it's fair share of twists and turns, scares and surprises and jumps and jolts to be sure. But in the end it couldn't help but feel as one long lead-up to a tacked on departure point for the next installment in the series. And I think that we as faithful fans expected and deserved just a little bit more than that.Wouldn't you agree, J.J.?
평점: 8	리뷰: Just because you're paranoid doesn't mean the threat isn't real. That's the theme of this film. The point is made by our visceral experience as much as by any analysis. The film is one fright, dread, shock, surprise, after another. We're so exhausted at the end that we feel the emotional draining the Greeks expected of their tragedies — catharsis. We leave "calm of mind, all passion spent." We feel the validation of paranoia as much as we read it in the film.The reality of fear makes this a very contemporary work. The US election is propelled by fear and its exploiters. So are the major flashpoints in world politics. Hence the main characters. Howard is a brilliant technician, up on science and construction, but madly driven by conspiracy theory and survivalism. On his sanity we go back and forth. Is his fear justified or is he inventing the apocalypse in order to control his two captives?Michelle is the particularly contemporary hero: a newly independent woman who grows into asserting herself. In the opening scene she leaves her boyfriend Ben. The car crash ends her independence. When she awakens after the accident she — and we — expect her sexual enslavement. Is this Son of Room?Instead she serves Howard's need for a daughter figure. For all his powers Howard is a figure of impotence, averse to sexuality. In their word-guessing game he only thinks of Michelle as a girl or a princess, not a woman. Unlike the earlier captive, the girl Howard abducted and finally killed, Michelle survives by turning Howard's vat of acid against him. Later, when she fights off and destroys the vagina dentata monster from outer space, Michelle assumes the power and authority of the Sigourney Weaver heroine of Alien.The fusion of earthly danger and sci-fi is especially significant here. When Michelle first breathes the safe outside air after her escape we share her relief — and her sense that she had been duped by Howard and his mad paranoia. For all his savvy he is a control freak and a lunatic. The extra-terrestrial's attack proves Howard's mad theory was right after all. He's still a control freak, conspiracy theorist and brilliant madman. But he's defeated by the resourceful and newly assertive woman, who is the true hero for our times.When Michelle and Emmett recall their regrets they both reveal their failure to have acted when they needed to. Emmett chickened out of going off to college on his track scholarship, resigning himself to a small life within a 40-mile radius. Michelle still feels guilty for not having interceded when she saw a man bully and punish his little daughter (as her father had abused her). Seeing Howard kill Emmett hardens Michelle's resolve not to fail to act this time. Howard says he regrets nothing because he says he has done everything he wanted to. That denies his failure to have turned a captive girl into a daughter. But he has built that bunker. Taken together, the trio represent the two good people who having once failed to act surrendered the field to evil — and they won't do that now. Michelle escapes and kills Howard, then blows up the alien. But for all her new found courage, strength and resourcefulness, her last decision poses a conundrum. On the radio she hears a call for survivors to come help out at the hospitals in Baton Rouge. Instead of heading there, though, she turns left toward Houston. Is she reverting to her earlier instinct not to get involved in others' suffering or is she instead heading off to her new independence and survival?That's something to debate when we've recovered from this film's emotional and frightful ride.
평점: 8	리뷰: 10 Cloverfield Lane is a Drama / Mystery Thriller that is a standalone film and a spin off to 2008's Cloverfield. I have not seen Cloverfield but i have heard quite a bit about it since its release 8 years ago. But really, you don't need to know a thing about Cloverfield to see this film. If you have seen Cloverfield then i guess you kinda know what you are dealing with here, but if you haven't seen the film, this spin off is a fantastic standalone film that i can tell you had my full uninterrupted attention. This was a fantastic movie that was intense, dramatic, and had a tinge of humour thrown in there, i was completely engaged and on the edge of my seat the whole time. It was very well crafted in many departments and was backed by three absolutely perfect performances. The pacing of this film was pretty much perfect for most of the film, it slowly builds to some big moments and when not much is happening, it keeps you in the film with a clever use of music and a creepy score. There was a 5-10 minute section of the film in the middle that did start to drag but it quickly moved along to some more juicy material. I gotta also note that the dialogue in this film was on point. It is so easy to write cheesy dialogue that is clearly just actors reading off a script, but they managed to have really interesting dialogue so that you completely buy into the conversations they are having. The 3 main characters are also very grounded and fully fleshed out, and that was done amazingly in a short amount of time, getting it out of the way quickly. You really learn to love these characters or love to hate them, and that is because of the great writing in the film. But it is also down to the 3, absolutely fantastic performances leading this film. Mary Elizabeth Winstead, John Goodman, and John Gallagher Jr. were just downright amazing in this film and were 110% committed to their roles. Winstead and Goodman in particular elevated this film so much with their performances, it would not have been anywhere near as good with anyone else. The back and forth between those two made the film so much more intense and dramatic and added a lot of weight to certain parts of the film. The visual style of the film and the cinematography are also something to note because it was beautiful. The way the film was shot in this bunker made every scene a little bit more appealing to watch. It won't be winning any awards but it was a surprising highlight of the film. 8.3/10 So, VERY MINOR spoilers ahead (NOTHING PLOT RELATED)One last thing that i absolutely have to talk about is the amazing way in which this film handled being part of an existing franchise but at the same time being its own thing, and how this could be the beginning of a revolution in filmmaking regarding spinoffs and standalone films. As you may already know, 10 Cloverfield Lane is a spin off from 2008's Cloverfield and unlike other spinoffs it wasn't concerned with trying to connect itself to the universe every 5-10 minutes. It just went and did its own thing, told its own story whilst still being in the same world. Really, if you didn't know it was connected to Cloverfield going in, you won't walk away being confused and left 'out of the loop'. This film very much stands completely on its own and isn't restricted by having to conform to what the previous film set for it. This is the PERFECT way to create new and interesting ideas within a franchise to avoid becoming repetitive to the point where no-one is interested in the franchise anymore. Look at the genre's of these two films for example, Cloverfield was an Action/Adventure/Horror filmed as a found footage film, and this is a Drama/Mystery Thriller that took the franchise in a completely new direction. I still haven't seen Cloverfield but i want to see more standalone films set in this same world to see what they can do to change it up every time. I can only hope that more franchises see the success of this film and introduce similar ideas within their worlds. The only thing i think would stand in the way of this becoming a common sight in Hollywood is if a studio tries it and completely messes it up that will turn off other studios from trying it. But i hope that doesn't happen and we get more films that take a similar approach to this one.
평점: 9	리뷰: My wife: most boring moving of the year. ME: I loved it. Lady flees lover. Lady gets in car accident. Lady wakes up in chains. Lady starts fire. Lady tries to escape. Lady is a troublemaker. Lady doesn't listen to good advice. Lady freaks out. Lady REALLY freaks out. Lady should have listened, but didn't. Go see it to fill in the blanks. Lady flees lover. Lady gets in car accident. Lady wakes up in chains. Lady starts fire. Lady tries to escape. Lady is a troublemaker. Lady doesn't listen to good advice. Lady freaks out. Lady REALLY freaks out. Lady should have listened, but didn't. Go see it to fill in the blanks. Lady flees lover. Lady gets in car accident. Lady wakes up in chains. Lady starts fire. Lady tries to escape. Lady is a troublemaker. Lady doesn't listen to good advice. Lady freaks out. Lady REALLY freaks out. Lady should have listened, but didn't. Go see it to fill in the blanks.
평점: 8	리뷰: Went to see this movie yesterday night at the IMAX theater and I wasn't expecting much.. First let me start by saying I'm a big fan of Cloverfield and all monsters movies, aliens etc and I was told this movie wasn't the case but guess what? Big surprise! Also the first part of the movie in the cellar is pretty intriguing with some really tense moments and also fun, building over and over thru changes of emotions the final and brutal way out.John Goodman was amazing a well and memorable character, and Mary Elizabeth also was good (personally got for her a nice acceptance since she made her role in The Thing) So despite the lack of monsters in the majority of the movie I was pleased by a nice script and cinema.I would have give this movie a 10 if at least at the very end in the flash of the lighting instead of the alien ship were standing in the field the big monster of Cloverfield 1 ,but nothing is perfect... Go and enjoy this movie, you won't regret it
평점: 6	리뷰: Eight years ago, Cloverfield was a very effective genre mix of Godzilla and The Blair Witch Project. It became a hype that delivered, thanks to a brilliant viral marketing campaign which enticed the audience with shocking images, but without revealing too much of the story itself. I guess it could be called a miracle that the makers were able to wait so long and (undoubtedly) resist studio pressure for a quick sequel, and then produce a successor under the radar, one whose existence wasn't revealed until a few months before the premiere.That is the good news. The bad news is that 10 Cloverfield Lane is a disappointing sequel on many levels. First of all, it isn't even a sequel. Marketing it with creative re-use of the original's title really created some false expectations, because 10CL has nothing to do whatsoever with its predecessor. It has a completely separate story, no familiar characters or locations, and the events of the previous film aren't mentioned or even referenced. In genuine J.J. Abrams 'Lost' style, you would have expected to see something familiar on a TV screen or in a picture frame to connect the dots, but there isn't (apart from a 'Slusho' sign, and there may be a 'Kelvin' reference that I missed, but those don't count). The closest 10CL comes to is a companion piece or side story set in the same universe, but the only small narrative connection to the original (something with a satellite) is such an obscure geeky reference that 99% of viewers will only discover it on this film's trivia page. It would have been great had it started out as something completely separate, and then slowly revealed its connections to the original. This could have created a stand-alone sequel, while still engaging the audience with insider hints. Sadly, the makers missed this opportunity, which isn't entirely surprising, since this movie was originally an unrelated film that was reworked into a Cloverfield successor halfway through.But still, even a disappointing sequel or side story can be great in its own right. I have enjoyed movies like Hannibal and installments in the Alien and Terminator series that way. I am not fundamentally opposed to the idea of a successor that is completely different in style and execution. No found footage-style cinematography this time, since 10CL is a psychological thriller rather than a adrenaline-fueled creature feature. This is okay as long as it is done well, but here it all felt way too familiar for me. Producer J.J Abrams is certainly no stranger to recycling familiar plots and elements from other movies, but he usually combines or presents them in ways that makes them feel fresh again (just look at Cloverfield, Super 8 and The Force Awakens). Unfortunately, the main plot of 10CL in the bunker is more than a little bit similar to a story arc from the second season of his own series 'Lost', whereas the finale evokes a strong déjà-vu from several better science-fiction movies. Never before did one of his productions feel unoriginal to the point of being worn out. And there is more to complain. The beginning certainly shows promise, with Mary E. Winstead leaving her apartment with only the score playing. After an adrenaline-spiking accident, the movie shifts back gear to the most boring part of the movie. We are supposed to invest in the trio of characters, but they are too one-dimensional for us to really care. Winstead's character clearly had some relationship issues, but the writers simply fail to use that premise later on to the character's (and story's) advantage. John Goodman is always good as a man who looks and acts like he means well, but can turn violent in a second (it was almost hard not to think of his work in several Coen brothers movies, if I'm honest). The script certainly creates a compelling mystery surrounding his past actions and present intentions, but again, when it is time for the pay-off at the end, the writers simply do not deliver on that promise. John Gallagher is the only one who benefits from a character scene which makes his persona less than the average redneck he starts out to be, and he gives the movie the memorable twist that actually works (more about that later). There are other good things to be said for the movie. After 45 minutes of boring character introductions, the movie starts to pick up pace and build tension. It was no doubt the creators' intention to keep the audience guessing if the danger comes from outside, or from within, and it works until about 15 minutes before the end. Then we get another twist that answers that question, and although it brings back some of the thrill and adrenalin that Cloverfield had, it simply doesn't feel satisfying; 15 minutes really is too short, and it is such an abrupt change in style and genre that it pretty much reduces the first 90 minutes to an overlong and unimportant prologue. Again, with better writing, the three acts could have been married happily together instead of feeling like three completely separate movies.So to summarize, 10CL is a bold attempt to extend the cinematic universe from Cloverfield in another direction, but sadly without much of the ingenuity and spark of inspiration that we are used to from J.J. Abrams' team. He calls it a 'blood relative' to the original; I'd say its that slacker of a second cousin twice removed that everyone prefers to ignore. It looks like the Master of Pop Culture himself was too busy with producing and directing The Force Awakens, so if they are making a third one to bridge the first two films, I recommend having him fully back on board.
평점: 9	리뷰: What a thrill! If you love films that keep you on the edge of your seat, 10 Cloverfield Lane will not disappoint! This is not a sequel to the 2008 alien attack movie Cloverfield, but like that film, it leaves you terrified! This films tells the story of Michelle, played by Elizabeth Winstead, who is a young woman that runs out on her fiancé and while driving is run off the road. She awakens in a room with the man who saved her, played by John Goodman. Goodman tells the girl that he is keeping her safe underground from a nuclear desert. She doesn't know whether to believe him or not. Is he her savior or captor? Director Dan Trachtenberg did an outstanding job creating this thrilling sensation and frantic fear! His previous work consists of only commercials and short films, but he seems to do quite well with full length films! He keeps the film clear to understand while including suspense throughout. New coming writers Josh Campbell and Matthew Stuecken deserve as much credit as Trachtenberg; they did a phenomenal job on the screen writing and setting of each scene. John Goodman also did an incredible job as the 'weirdo' and never lets the audience down with his superb acting skills! With great suspense, sound, and visuals, this film is a definite must see!
평점: 2	리뷰: I went into this a somewhat fan of Cloverfield. The first one wasn't by any means genius, but it was enjoyable for a monster flick. When I saw they made a sequel with John Goodman, I was pretty excited. And the first act of the movie was decent. But the movie quickly backslides as it pushes into the second and third act.**Spoilers**The movie would like you to believe that it charts a weak woman's rise from being paralyzed from fear to defeating a fearsome alien. But the movie unfortunately forgets that Michelle is strong from the beginning. After being captured by Goodman's character (Howard), she whittles a crutch into a sphere IN MERE MINUTES, lights a fire in the air vent, and attacks him. Curiously, the movie back tracks and she says she's weak, the product of child abuse (which, by the way, is a pointless and pathetic attempt to explain her supposed cowardly behavior). But throughout the movie, she continually tries to attack Howard and escape. Howard claims that they cannot go outside because aliens or military men have infected the air with toxins, and she initially trusts him, but then realizes he was keeping girls in the bunker, so she decides to escape and find help. At the climax of the movie, Howard kills Emmett (who is also in the bunker) and then chases her, B- movie style around the bunker. She topples acid on him (yes, there's a barrel of acid in there because...well, the plot demanded it), and he survives, just in time to try to stab at her while she escapes via air ducts........then she realizes that oops, Howard was right! There are aliens. After running around, she jumps in her car, is picked up by the alien, and she crafts (Lara Croft, Tomb-Raider style) a Molotov cocktail. She easily heaves it into its mouth, and it explodes. She falls to the ground, gets back into the car, hears a call on the radio for people to help defeat aliens and she drives off into the sunset. Or rather, the alien filled sunset. Plot Hole Notables: 1) Howard is maybe a pedophile. We never know. That fact is just there is make him seem scarier. 2) Even though they need the air ducts to survive, Howard specifically made them in such a way that a small woman would be able to climb through them, rather than himself, which means if he hadn't kidnapped her he would have never been able to get through the busted ducts 3) Howard survives his body being dumped in acid that works so fast it had practically dissolved Emmett's body in minutes. 4) Michelle magically heaves said cocktail on the first try, easily defeating something a whole army couldn't withstand. 5) She complains she is cowardly yet shows no sign of it throughout the movie, other than a backstory.In the end, this was a movie that was 80% about a bunker and another inexplicable 20% franchise tie-in. The movie says nothing, is vague, and screws with audiences just cuz. Acting's not bad, though, which earned it that extra star.
평점: 8	리뷰: With a perfect cast and a tightly written and well-paced script (thanks to Damien Chazelle), "10 Cloverfield Lane" hearkens back to the Hitchcockian thrillers of old, further proving that the mystery box is a marketing tool unlike any other. First-time director Dan Trachtenberg knows what your expectations are, and he uses that knowledge to subvert the genre in new directions. The last 10-15 minutes are the only polarizing moments of the film, but if you go in expecting a typical Bad Robot/J.J. Abrams payoff, then you probably won't be disappointed. I'll only say that it wasn't enough to ruin the movie. All in all, you'll walk away pleasantly surprised and exhilarated.
평점: 8	리뷰: I thought this film was really good, and surprising. For me it was like Misery meets Signs. It had mystery elements, sci-fi, thrills, and even a little horror. This movie really had me on the edge of my seat. I was constantly wondering where it was going, and I could have easily watched another hour of this. I loved how the movie mixed so many different genres together, and it's unpredictability made it a blast. The performances were all great, with John Goodman in particular hitting it out of the park. He goes from likable, to sympathetic, to straight up scary. Mary Elizabeth Winstead was great too, giving her best performance yet. She also proves that she can be a bad-ass Sigourney Weaver type.Overall, I don't have any problems with it, and would recommend. Although, I didn't LOVE it, it was a fun watch.
평점: 10	리뷰: Pure escapism. I'm a big sci-fiction fan so perhaps I'm a little biased. This movie proves that Hollywood still has original ideas, not a lot but still has some. It kept me guessing all the way until the end and never did it seem to drag or dwell on any one topic. Our protagonist becomes trapped with John Goodman and John Gallagher for an indeterminate amount of time because of a supposed attack outside. What we are given is a psychological guessing game between what's real and what's not. John Goodman is extra creepy in this one, probably manic depressive, as he keeps his two guests trapped with little means to escape. It's a little depressing towards the end but without giving too much away, the movie goes full out sci-fi at the film's conclusion. I definitely recommend this to anyone that enjoys thrillers, even if they're not necessarily a Star Wars or Aliens fan. As opposed to it's predecessor, Cloverfield, 10 Cloverfield is 90% psychological. I loved it and hope you will too!
평점: 10	리뷰: I can only rate it as 6/10. It has a scifi plot, with the human interest element of the three-persons-in-a cell drama.First, the cast did an adequate job though Goodman overplayed the lunatic. Mary Winstead photographed well. There was some good dynamics of the three people hunkered down. The aliens appeared briefly at the end and was credible.However, I feel that the dynamics of the three-persons needed to be explored further. Shifting alliances etc. In addition, I would have liked to see a stronger transformation of the heroine from scared young woman to fighter. After all, she survives a harrowing experience and chooses to drives towards danger.The plot had a great deal of dramatic potential, but this film did not fully deliver.
평점: 9	리뷰: First of all, if you want to watch '10 Cloverfield Lane', make sure to avoid any kind of spoilers on the internet. I will try to write this review without spoilers, even if it's a bit difficult considering the movie I just witnessed.'10 Cloverfield Lane' is an amazing mystery/suspense movie that serves as a sequel to the 2008 hit 'Cloverfield'. I have to say, it's hard to tell if the greatness of this movie is going to hold up in 10 years because of how everything surrounding the movie made it better, but I really really liked it.Me and my friend tried to avoid the spoilers on the internet and read as less as possible on the movie before we went to see it. Fortunately, the brilliant marketing campaign did not reveal anything about the story, and the fact that it was a sequel to 'Cloverfield' is going to make you constantly guess. Is it a traditional horror/suspense movie? Is it a monster movie? Where are the monsters? WHAT IS GOING? (Pretty much what I kept asking myself all along the movie)John Goodman was incredible, definitely the standout of this movie. The soundtrack was great, some jukebox oldies and a thrilling score.The movie starts with Michelle (Mary Elizabeth Winstead) driving off from her marriage and taking the road to leave her husband. This is made with a perfect montage, and there's no dialogue for the first 4-5 minutes of the movie. Then, things take a turn and we are transported to the bunker you saw in the trailers.I will say it again, go watch this film, and don't read anything about it on the internet. I can't recall the last time a movie kept me guessing like this one. If you tend to get bored and tired by the usual clichés in movies, buy your ticket to '10 Cloverfield Lane' and enjoy your time at the movies.Clever marketing, brilliant story, very good direction, great performance by the cast, it's hard to complain about this film!9/10
평점: 9	리뷰: That's what it is, do not go see this movie if you except an action packed flick with extreme fast pace, because it is not. 10 Cloverfield lane is a slow and pretty clever suspense, only let down by the last five minutes at the end.Michelle (Mary Elizabeth Winstead), a young woman, is driving away after what seemed to have been an argument with her boyfriend. Distracted by her man calling, she gets hit by a pickup truck and flies off in the field. (Looked like an anti-texting while driving commercial). She then wakes up attached in a bunker. She will meet its builder, Howard (John Goodman), an old conspiracy theorist veteran and Emmet (John Gallagher Jr.), a young man with a broken arm. One of the many things which are great about this movie is the way it always leaves you guessing. Indeed, early on, Howard explains to us that the world has been subject to an attack and that its surface is irradiated and toxic. It doesn't take long for Emmet and Michelle to make us doubt about it, but an event is going to change our mind and make us believe Howard. But even though you've seen the effect of the "toxic" air, you still have doubt on the mental sanity of the old man during the old movie, as the two other protagonists uncovers horrible things about him. The part which left me in shock the most was when Howard killed Emmet with cold-blood. It's at this moment we realize that this man is not sane and begin to again doubt what we've seen outside. I also liked the establishment of Michelle's talents in couture, it pays-off really well as she builds the gas mask and suit. I sadly cannot judge the acting fully, given that I've seen the movie dubbed in French, but besides that, John Goodman gave an amazing performance, he was a very believable "psycho". Winstead and Gallagher did a very good job as well. The cinematography is also great. The camera makes a really good job at make us feel like we are in a tiny bunker by using a lot of close shots and good uncut shots revealing characters or object increasing the tension. But, onto the disappointing part, the movie could have, and should have stopped as soon as Michelle got out. I felt like the alien attack and the fight scene was too much, the film already had a great tense and suspenseful escape scene, it was not necessary to add this mindless action at the end. This film lost a point with his ending, but it was no enough to ruin anything, being only 5 to 10 minutes long. Do not go in excepting action or Cloverfield 2, for that matter. I do though totally recommend it if you want a movie with great characters, acting, cinematography, story and suspense.
평점: 6	리뷰: I went to see this movie excited and expecting a full-on Cloverfield sequel. I want to warn you, this movie will disappoint in that aspect. As a thriller or horror movie, it's great. If you dislike the jump scares and extreme tension that accompany horror movies, this film is not for you.I left the movie feeling like it was a horror movie with some sci-fi bits tacked on at the end, and I wasn't wrong. The producers admitted the screenplay was originally a horror screenplay titled "The Cellar", based off a book (if I'm not mistaken). For some reason, J.J. and his crew decided it should belong to the Cloverfield name. I disagree.Sci-fi horror is great if it makes sense and feels completely within both genres. For all the hemming and hawing about a Cloverfield sequel/follow-up, this was a disappointing answer to the challenge presented by the original director. It truly did not live up to those standards. There are aliens, yes. But in no way could I reconcile the style or unequivocally, the story with its predecessor. This movie should not be marketed with the Cloverfield family, and I am sorry I watched it with those intentions.
평점: 6	리뷰: What a strange situation one finds themselves in when talking about a film like 10 Cloverfield Lane, one that somehow, in today's climate of information overload, managed to remain secret until launching during this year's Superbowl extravaganza despite it being a sequel/prequel or who-really-knows-what to 2008's Cloverfield.Produced by the frequently busy and impressively consistent J.J Abrams, 10 Cloverfield Lane is easily one of the most mysterious releases of recent times and benefits greatly from its short life in the public exposure spotlight before releasing late last week, as it is a story and experience that is best watched how it was intended to be: with as little foresight into its goings on as possible. While the film is by no means earth-shatteringly good, it's an effective thriller that acts as a fine companion piece to its shaky cam for-bearer.Ditching the format of Matt Reeves original film, 10 Cloverfield Lane is a much more intimate and confined story that is every bit as mysterious as the film's conception. Without giving the it's subtle twists and turns away, at its core Lane is the story of Mary Elizabeth Winstead's Michelle who finds herself underground and sheltered from a supposedly earth shattering attack by John Goodman's conspiracy theory loving, ex-Navy vet Howard, who has long been preparing for the end of days. Joining the mismatched duo is John Gallagher Jr's Emmett, a kindly farmer type that helped build Howard's shelter, and we therefore have our players in this fingernail chewing narrative.First time feature length director Dan Trachtenberg and screenwriters including Whiplash director Damien Chazelle do fine jobs of hiding the relatively simple set up of the film, by using a clever pacing and gradual reveal of character motivations and traits, and for the film's opening third that is totally dominated by an awards worthy turn from a scarily good John Goodman. Lane is an absorbing watch let down only by some questionable decision making and a final 20 minutes that undoes much of the film's groundwork that was so successfully laid, and with that a slight feeling of disappointment lingers as the credits roll on and we're left to reminisce about the movie's earlier glories.Those expecting 10 Cloverfield Lane to be cut from the same cloth as its namesake will be disappointed, but within this often tense and finely tuned thriller is an impressively taut tale that's bought to life brilliantly by Goodman (who hasn't been better in years) and to a lesser extent leading lady Winstead who keeps threatening to really break out with each passing project.It's a joy overall to sit back and watch a film you know very little about, and without the usually strong expectations of yearlong marketing campaigns at its back 10 Cloverfield Lane is an enjoyable success let down somewhat by an ending better suited to another film and decision making by its characters that at times ruin the films good work.3 unfinished cat puzzles out of 5
평점: 5	리뷰: I had high expectations for 10 Cloverfield Lane. I went in expecting a mystery/thriller, one that would keep you on the edge of your seat with anticipation (and not with the need to vomit, as some so-called thrillers do.) What I got was a movie that was entertaining, but nowhere near believable. And no, I'm not just talking about the final scene with the aliens. John Goodman is a skilled actor, and portrays one hell of a creep- emphasized by his mood swings, paranoia, and ability to effortlessly establish Stockholm Syndrome in Emmett- but surviving immersion in corrosive acid is completely ridiculous.At the beginning, we get a sense of claustrophobia- reminiscent of 2015's 'Room'. We know Howard (the captor) is crazy. He feeds Michelle a story about the air above being contaminated, and everyone above ground being dead. He saved her life. Can't she show a little gratitude? Soon she meets naïve farmboy Emmett, another prisoner in the bunker- albeit a willing one. He has clearly bought into Howard's psychobabble about keeping them safe and alive. However, Howard's mood swings, controlling behavior, and inconsistent stories about the mysterious "Megan" lead Michelle and Emmett to team up and plan an escape.I liked the intensity near the beginning of the film...but the zany special effects and the addition of Martians at the end (He was right all along!) ruined the experience for me.If you're looking for a thriller, a sci-fi, or a mystery, look elsewhere. Mixing genres does not always work.
평점: 1	리뷰: Goodman plays Howard, a paranoid psychopath and the proprietor of a large underground hideout, built for the occasion. In said hideout, he plays house to two co-dwellers: a bearded moron (John Gallagher Jr) and an attractive young lady played by Mary Elizabeth Winstead. Is there really a threat outside, will Howard behave himself? The problem is, after 20 minutes of tedious scenario and bland characters, who really cares?The film never picks up any speed, sports no subplots, feels like it could go anywhere without sticking to any internal logic (which indeed it doesn't) and merely serves hollow and underused characters. It's obvious the writers of this project wanted to fuse two genres of film but ended up having half the audience wet their pants over the ridiculous ending in which an alien spacecraft is destroyed by a bottle of Single Malt and the other half of the audience so abashed, they dare not admit they just wasted 2 hours of their lives.
평점: 9	리뷰: In a lot of ways, J.J. Abrams has become something of a modern day Steven Spielberg. He likes to produce stories with action that are surrounded in mystery. Given how the marketing campaigns for the Star Trek, Lost TV series and the recent Star Wars film gave away very little during the previews, I almost forgot that earlier Spielberg movies like Close Encounters of the Third Kind and Indiana Jones all sold us on the idea that we know what were getting, yet there was something else that we were not seeing. A hidden villain, a hidden prize, or a hand reaching into the unknown, stuff like this will certainly draw people into the story further.One such film of his was the found footage monster movie, Cloverfield. Rather then putting the focus on the monster, the focus was on the people and their horror as the city of New York was now the playground to some space creature. Believe it or not, the original Godzilla also had a similar focus was that was all about the horrors of the Hiroshima bombing. While Cloverfield wasn't a great movie, it did help boast the popularity of monster movies again. Wekind of return to the same world with the long awaited sequel, 10 Cloverfield Lane.Rather then a found footage movie, this is shot more like a traditional film.We open with Michelle (played by Mary Elizabeth Winstead) who's leaving her apartment in New Orleans to head up north. She senses the feeling that she's being watched at a gas station, but she continues further down the road. After a brief phone call from her boyfriend, she gets into a car crash, leaving her unconscious. She wakes up sometime later in a room with no windows and chained to the wall. After nearly setting a fire as a means of escape, she then meets local farm boy Emmett (played by John Gallagher, Jr) and the maker of the bunker their currently in, Howard (played by John Goodman). Howard tries to explain that while he rescued Michelle, there was some sort of an attack on all the major cities and that the outside air in contaminated, but she doesn't believe him. She tries at one point to escape, but see's an older woman with burns on her face, suggesting that Howard may have been right. The three adjust to a life within the underground bunker, but Michelle still senses something may be up.In terms of it's connection to the first movie, you could say that this is a totally different movie, yet this still qualifies as a monster movie. It's a kind of monster that you'd find in another horror movie, but I don't want to give anything away. With the majority of the movie being set in the bunker, 10 Cloverfield Lane takes full advantage of it's claustrophobic environment, making for a tense thriller. The film creates something that feels homely, yet tight in the bigger moments that require wishful thinking.The acting is phenomenal. Mary Elizabeth Winstead has only had a few supporting roles in Live Free or Die Hard and Scott Pilgrim Vs. the World, but she shows a lot of rage from her performance, going from frightened of her surroundings, to looking for right way out. John Goodman is an actor who we've seen for a while, but has unfairly not had a chance to play a role that is as big as this. Much of 10 Cloverfield Lane centers around the role-play between the two and how much they can out smart and dominate each other.Fans of the original may be put off by the sudden change in tone and even genre. But what's making the Cloverfield franchise fascinating is how little we know about the creatures that are attacking the Earth. Maybe Cloverfield 3 can give us some more clues. I'll give this nine puzzle pieces out of ten. From the producer mind of J.J. Abrams, comes a compelling thriller that seems to be a small part of a bigger story in a good way. 10 Cloverfield Lane is the rare sequel that manages to out do the original.
평점: 10	리뷰: I can't help but not shout in this summary. The only thing that gets my heart pounding when i go to the theaters is when somebody takes their top off. That was not the case here. I found myself at the edge of my seat through the entire film. I could not wait to see what was going to happen next and I did not want the movie to end. "Keep going!" I would say as the credits rolled. "I want more!" I said on the way home. "I gotta see the first Cloverfield now!" I said at home. That's right. I saw this without seeing the original Cloverfield prior. And you know what? That's OK. If you haven't seen the original Cloverfield, don't let that hold you back from seeing this spectacular movie. Go see it while it's still in theaters because this was more of an experience than a trip to the movies on a Wednesday afternoon.
평점: 10	리뷰: "10 Cloverfield Lane" is directed by Dan Trachtenberg and stars John Goodman, Mary Elizabeth Winstead and John Gallagher Jr. And that is pretty much it. John Gallagher Jr. is good in this movie, Mary Elizabeth Winstead is great, and John Goodman is probably Oscar- worthy. This is the debut film of Dan Trachtenberg, who has proved himself a phenomenal director with this movie. I cannot remember the last time I saw a film that was as thrilling, intense, and suspenseful due to Trachtenberg's directing. This film not only contains great acting and directing, but also great cinematography as well as stunning visual and sound effects. The movie also has a riveting screenplay that conveys so many emotions while still being a great story. This is a great film that I would highly recommend for anyone who loves thrillers, suspenseful films, intense films, and just all around great films. This is one of my favorite, if not my favorite movie of the year so far, and I think everyone should see it, especially if you can see it on an IMAX screen for a more immersive experience. However, please note that this is NOT a sequel to the 2008 film Cloverfield. In fact, you don't even need to see Cloverfield to enjoy this film. Go see this film and you will enjoy it.
평점: 6	리뷰: I was extremely excited to see this film, I loved cloverfield and I really enjoyed how they advertised this. I liked that the trailer didn't show too much and left a lot out to make you really wonder what is actually going on.The movie plays out the same way, you spend the majority of the movie in anticipation of finding out what exactly is going on. The small cast does a good job of keeping things entertaining as you wait for the reveal, John Goodman especially. Unfortunately what it all leads up to was very underwhelming in my opinion. The movie has a nice claustrophobic feel to it which makes things more tense than they should be, but that kind of gets thrown out the window in the last twenty five minutes or so. Basically what it comes down to is this is a captive type thriller that leads up to one big gimmick. It's as if they decided to make a small thriller but then all of a sudden someone through them a big chunk of money and told them to make the ending as big as possible. I enjoyed the movie, but mostly because of the performances from the small cast, the whole "Cloverfield" type stuff just kind of took away from the whole experience.I liked the movie, but the finale didn't do it for me and just made the film feel really cheesy. 6/10
평점: 5	리뷰: Well I don't know how to start this review. John Goodman did a great job I guess is one good thing about the movie. This film or movie was more than predictable and honestly would have been a lot more enjoyable if the movie wasn't so desperate to try to scare people which in the long run made it corny for me. John Goodman's character as Howard that was basically the biggest conspiracy theory and passive aggressive guy was nailed really well. And the ridiculousness of the convenient escapes for the main character in her problematic situations was honestly just too much. All in all, this movie made me feel that conspiracy theories just got grabbed and just got slammed in the movie. Better luck next time.

영화제목: Looper
평점: 9	리뷰: Looper is a film that goes to extraordinary lengths to leave every base covered in its quest to avoid plot holes and inconsistencies and in my mind it deals with the problems associated with time travel very well. One thing I liked is that the older Joe is aware of everything the younger Joe is about to do which gives him an edge if they were to do battle. I also liked that the older Joe in true Bruce Willis style bypasses the whole idea of trying to work out how and why what is happening is happening by saying he can't be bothered to work it all out. As well as the older Joe having the advantage of memory over the younger Joe, the younger Joe in turn has his own advantages which become apparent. There were several times when I thought I'd worked out what was going to happen or what a particular character's arc was going to be but the film cleverly manipulates its audience, leading them down alleyways only to jump out at them from behind and spin them around. There is a nice early twist which gave me a smile and plenty more to keep you guessing right the way to the end. In the end it turns out that time travel plays second fiddle to another phenomenon which I was pleased by as there was no mention of this in the trailer which I've been trying to avoid for several weeks. The plot is multifaceted with each character having their own reasons for being where they are, when they are and doing what they are doing. It is a dense plot which explores several different ideas and concepts both personal and scientific.As well as confidently dealing with a complex script which would have been very easy to either make too complicated or too full of holes, Writer/Director Rian Johnson (Brick) also creates a very believable future and fills it with people and events which feel plausible. Cities have continued to expand upwards and outwards but they themselves are filled with tent cities in which a large vagrant class live. Life is cheap and hard in this world in which the have's and have not's are much more separated than today. There is enough in the film to make to world feel as though it is our near future and the technology on display feels as though it is a few logical steps along the road. I especially liked the ingenious solution to running cars after the inevitable the oil crisis and there's also a great line about China in there which had a lot of people laughing.The writing and direction are superb but another strength are the acting performances. Joseph Gordon-Levitt wears heavy makeup and prosthetics to make him look more like Bruce Willis and although this is occasionally a little distracting, it looks unnervingly good at times, especially closer up which is odd. The effect is actually better in close up than when JG-L is in the middle distance. Underneath the prosthetics though Gordon-Levitt delivers a fine performance, adopting a few of Willis' telltale mannerisms and affectations but avoiding pure mimicry. He appears confident and at ease in the dense lead role, carrying off a mixture of hard edged killer and caring young man while switching from one to the other with ease. Bruce Willis equally is very good but we have seen this kind of performance from him many times before. Nevertheless he is on good form here. The chemistry between the two leads was great and really helped with the believability of them being one person. Emily Blunt was another actor who performed very well and in a departure from her more familiar roles. She adopts a convincing American accent, drops a few F-Bombs and looks comfortable holding a gun. She brings to the fore the feminine caring side when it matters though. Probably the standout actor though despite the three A Listers is Pierce Gagnon, a very young child actor who is incredible in a pivotal role. He and Gordon-Levitt have some funny and tense scenes together which work very well.Overall there was little I didn't like about Looper and it has gone straight into my Top 10 films of the year so far as well as being probably my favourite Sci-Fi since 2009's Moon. It treats its audience with respect and isn't afraid to keep you them of the loop for a while as it teases them with false and sometimes seemingly false information. It is well designed and acted and features a wonderfully multifaceted and intelligent story which rewards patience and concentration with a fantastic ending.www.attheback.blogspot.com
평점: 10	리뷰: "Time travel has not yet been invented. But thirty years from now, it  will have been."  I went to an advanced screening of this film last night, upon leaving  the cinema I had a feeling that I had not got from a film for quite  sometime. The film contains a balance of both intelligence and action,  too much of either and the film risks failing, the is a perfect example  of a science-fiction thriller movie.  Looper is set in the year 2042, Joe (Joseph Gordon-Levitt) is one of  several mafia-employed assassins known as 'loopers' who are tasked with  'taking out the future's garbage'. The targets are delivered from 30  years in the future to a waiting looper, who puts a bullet in their  head, burns the body and collects their earnings. Loopers are well  paid, but when the bosses decide it's time to 'close the loop' and they  send back your own future self back for assassination, leaving you with  only 30 years to live. Later in the film Joe's loop is to be closed,  but his older self (Bruce Willis) escapes, which is very bad news,  bringing the mafia on the hunt to kill both Joe's.  Joseph Gordon-Levitt and Bruce Willis both show strong acting  performances throughout, you wouldn't of seen Willis this good since  probably Die Hard as he full-fills his action man status once again.  And even with Gordon-Levitts slightly distracting make-up (in order to  make him look like Willis) he is definitely one of movies huge upcoming  actors. Along side Joe, in the third act of the film introduces Emily  Blunt's character Sara, her character is strong and independent and  brings extra emotion and drama to the film. One of Loopers greatest  strengths is that you are constantly surprised, being full of twists  and turns the movies narrative is very original and leaves you not  knowing what could happen next as both of the Joe's battle for  different situations. With keeping up with the story and concentrating  you are rewarded with a mindfull ending. Released in four days time,  Looper is a sci-fi movie that you should definitely see!
평점: 8	리뷰: I saw this at a preview screening in London.Its thought provoking and certainly intelligent sci fi. For Willis fans, of which I am one, I'm happy to say that he is at his laconic and bad-ass best with a complex emotional drive attached to his character's purpose. Levitt, who plays a younger version of Willis character, is however, doing more of a Robert De Niro impression than a Bruce Willis one but thats not a big deal because he does it damn good. Jeff Daniels also makes a mark as a no nonsense gang boss of the Loopers organisation, not the type of role one sees him do often but he's effective. I don't relay plot, you got the synopsis for that but don't expect this to be a big sci fi action film because its not. The visual aesthetics of the future setting is unspectacular, very basic and unimaginative. Its the sub standard ghetto look of a lawless society. It has absolute bare minimum of any signs that the film is set in the future with just two or three shots of a hover bike and one shot of holographic computer monitor). Focus is on story here that drives a moralistic catch 22 type narrative. I think the film is meant to be a thriller too but rather than being thrilled for any of the main protagonists I was simply intrigued which was enough to keep me engaged.There are only a few action scenes, most of which are basic chases on foot and gun fight set pieces. Some do pack a punch especially when Willis is involved but on the whole they are not anything special. The direction is placid but to the point. Dialogue is OK, there's a tiny sprinkle of dark humour but overall it lacks spice.The time travel element is certainly imaginative, and well thought out to serve a fluctuating storyline that doesn't trap itself in restrictive rules. I do find it has holes though but perhaps with a bit more thought on it and adding a time travel rule here and there, you might be able to fill those holes.So does it live up to the hype that its currently getting from press critics? No, not really but thats because the hype was too high. Its a very good film, it tells a superb moralistic high concept story and I reckon it is still the best sci-fi film of the year. I just cant help the feeling that its a missed opportunity, given its excellent storyline, it could have had a much bigger impact with a more punchier and exciting execution. Its just not the all round entertaining experience as I perceived it would be from the general consensus. So lower the expectations and enjoy the great story, some vintage cool Willis moments and an intriguing finale. If you enjoy everything else about it too, then good for you.
평점: 8	리뷰: Time travel films open up all manner of questions because of the paradoxes every action and reaction produce. If X occurred, surely Y would happen, which means X wouldn't happen after all And so it is with Looper. Alas, to avoid dishing out hugely unpopular plot spoilers I need to skirt around the concerns, so you'll just have to come round with cake and we can discuss it in private. But there are some pretty substantial issues with Looper that cause questions to be asked and lead to more than a couple of possible explanations as to what exactly is going on. Don't see it alone; you'll need a friend around to discuss it on the journey home.Equally, don't be put off. You don't need to be Einstein to enjoy Looper, as some of the audience proved In 2072, time travel is both possible and illegal and murder is more easily solved because corpses are harder to lose. However mobs and Mafiosi types are prevalent and have ingeniously devised a solution: tie your victim up and send him back in time to a location where a looper will be waiting to blow his/her brains out. However, when a looper's contract is up, they find themselves blowing the brains out of their older self. Except when looper Joe (Joseph Gordon-Levitt) stares down the barrel at a version of himself that is thirty years older, Old Joe (Bruce Willis) outsmarts him and so begins a cat and mouse chase where there are multiples of each species and most of them aren't called Joe.Confused? Good. Don't think any more or you'll confound yourself with your wondering and wandering along all the possible flows and tributaries that lead from them. Like, Is he actually... Dammit.Along with the quirks, possibilities and matters left to interpretation, there are one or two clear boo-boos that cut against the rules writer/director Rian Johnson (Brick, The Brothers Bloom) has set himself. I'm sure you can work out from the subject matter that there are occasional murders so I'm giving nothing away by stating that a particular murder in 2027 cuts against the rules. It's not a major problem in terms of enjoyment but it does cast a shadow over everything if minor errors are not avoided.There's only one way to watch Looper: suspend all disbelief, put your logic in stasis and get on with enjoying the romp. With that frame of mind employed, it's a superb film. No, it's not as intelligent a film as Inception, but it kicks the ass of Wanted and Gordon-Levitt is potentially a bigger star in the making than either Leonardo DiCaprio or James McAvoy.I'm not sure that I buy Gordon-Levitt as a young Willis but the transition is simple and effectively executed and it needn't stand in the way of a couple of hours of great entertainment. He's matured as an actor and, though he's been stamping around Hollywood for a good couple of decades, it's the last five years or so that have really seen him ascend the ranks and there's no sign of his climb slowing with both Spielberg's Lincoln and Don Jon's Addiction (which he also wrote and directed) in the can and Premium Rush earning plaudits on both sides of the Atlantic.As for Willis, it's good to see him earning his fee again in a film worthy of his presence rather than phoning it in for a fat wad in the truly awful The Expendables 2. Emily Blunt (Sara) and Jeff Daniels ably provide support, the former, sadly, barely stretched and the latter, as Abe, the loopers' boss, clearly enjoying himself. Equally, Paul Dano gives a wonderful, trademark sniveling wretch performance that is all too brief. But Looper belongs to Gordon-Levitt and One Tree Hill's Pierce Gagnon as the child, Cid, whose middle name is probably Damian. Unnerving is an understatement! There is a very strong argument that the best person to direct a film is the writer because s/he knows it better than anyone. Clearly that wasn't the case with Maximum Overdrive (Stephen King being the fine writer who should never be allowed either in front of or behind a camera again) but with Looper it's a very strong case in point.Johnson, though he bends his rules, has created a multi-layered, rapidly paced trip that is littered with bodies and to-die-for quips, to wit, "I cleaned you up. And put a gun in your hand." He juggles the time zones effortlessly and maintains the excitement while allowing sufficient moments for us to pause, cogitate and catch up before whipping us to the next sprint, jump or shoot-out. Though he has nothing (publicly) on the slate, there'll be plenty more from him in the next few years.As is increasingly the case, my biggest complaint with last night's viewing has nothing to do with the film itself but with the screening, namely the blown speakers all along one side of the auditorium (big thumbs down to Cineworld) and the moron in front who played with his phone and gave muted shrieks of excitement every time there was a shot or splatter of blood, even taking the time to relive it with his friend. Who are these people? Why are they allowed to breathe? When will time travel come to my aid? Ah, but these are niggles and hopefully you won't be subjected to such when you watch Looper. And do see it. Maybe you'll absolutely hate the confusion it causes you, but if you don't mind giving a film some real thought and you enjoyed the possibilities of Inception, then Looper is for you.Just don't think too hard. As Abe laments, "This time travel crap; just fries your brain like an egg" For more reviews subscribe to www.thesquiss.co.uk Like the Facebook page: http://on.fb.me/RpitOG
평점: 9	리뷰: Looper tells the story of two dystopian worlds: 2042, the film's present, where time travel is yet to be discovered, and 2072, where it exists but has been outlawed. Time machines are only used, however, by organised criminal gangs that cunningly abduct their enemies and send them back 30 years for special contract assassins, called loopers, to execute and cremate - no trace and no questions asked.Joseph Gordon-Levitt plays the young, drug-addicted half of the film's protagonist, Joe - a looper whose narrative exposition is as blunt as his merciless killing style. He does not kill out of blood-lust, though, only for the silver bars strapped to the backs of his faceless targets. Indeed, as well as the drug he administers to his eyeballs throughout the film, Joe is addicted to the fashionable clothes, classic cars and glamorous women his murky profession affords him, while at the same time being keen to get out.When the criminals of 2072 decide to cancel a looper's contract, they simply transport his future self back in time for him to eliminate, along with a generous severance package that he may use to see out his remaining three decades in luxury. This is called 'closing the loop'. However, when Joe's future self (Bruce Willis) materialises before him one day, he escapes, condemning them both to death. Young Joe's only hope is to track down and kill his older and wiser self, a man who's on a mission of his own to change the future.Like all time travel movies, Looper suffers from a lack of originality. Name your film - The Terminator, 12 Monkeys, The Butterfly Effect - they're all here, or, at least, bits of them are. And yet Rian Johnson (Brick, 2005) somehow manages to splice together numerous familiar ideas to produce something fresh. The thing about time travel as a theme is that it's fundamentally irresistible: we yearn to see the paradox's resolution like impatient time lines straining to reorganise themselves. Fortunately, Johnson has taken great pains both in his writing and direction to avoid the plot holes that usually ruin films such as this.Gordon-Levitt builds on his reputation as one of the most talented young actors currently in the business, but he's not really the star of Looper. Willis brings all his vintage action man credentials to the fore; Emily Blunt impresses as Sara (Conner, anyone?), the single mother trying to protect her son, Cid (Pierce Gagnon), from the violence heading his way; even Jeff Daniels puts in a decent performance. No one stands out particularly and no one lets this film down - it's a collective triumph on every level.Looper's film noir style is also one of its strengths. The CGI works well and thankfully doesn't saturate. It's a believable, compassionless world that Johnson creates and one that's sadly becoming increasingly familiar in the present day. It's a Sci-Fi action movie first and foremost with plenty of chase scenes and exciting shoot-outs, but it's also replete with truly disturbing moments. What is a telekinetic child capable of when he gets angry, and what happens to future-people when their past selves are viciously mutilated? There will be blood.I knew from the opening scene that Looper was going to be special, but it got better by the minute. I have a suspicion that I'll be doing some time travelling of my own very soon - returning to the cinema to see this marvellous film again.For more film reviews: http://ins-kino.blogspot.co.uk/
평점: 6	리뷰: It's rare to see a movie nowadays without its trailer spoiling all the plot points and action but Looper certainly scored points for allowing me some genuine surprises throughout the movie.Let's start with the film did well before I get to my gripes. Willis and Gordon-Levitt put in their usual good, albeit stoic, performances and the other characters add some colour to the proceedings.It's a good looking film too with subtle FX work and great change of lighting styles between the city and the countryside. The premise, which I'm sure I don't have to explain, is very nice also with plenty of scope to explore.That said, I had some serious issues with this movie, specifically the plot. The more I think about this film the more it dawns on me how completely flawed it is. I understand that time travel is always going to offer certain challenges but Looper offers no consistency with the way it handles action and consequence. Rules established at the start of the film are conveniently ignored by the end. It's fair to say no-one knows how time travel works and how actions changed in the past would manifest themselves but I am certain Johnson has got it wrong. It's the same with motivations of the characters, which are not just shortsighted but verging on the ridiculous.And don't get me started on the 'TK' sub-plot which was included for no other reason than lack of imagination from the director. Just because it was introduced at the start of the film doesn't mean it not a deus ex machina.I feel this was a wasted opportunity by a talented director who gave us a great idea and then destroyed it.
평점: 6	리뷰: "This time travel crap just fries your brain like an egg." (Abe)Not since Children of Men (2006) and Source Code (2011) have I been as jazzed up as I am now about Rian Johnson's Looper. Here's sci-fi that will happily fry your brain as you figure out the implications of changing the future by altering the present. Also throw in thoughts about Christopher Nolan's Memento and Inception to get the flavor of Looper.But as Sinatra sings, "Regrets I've had a few, but then too few to really mention," this film challenges you to think of the implications of reversing those regrets or keeping the future the same because you kind of like the way things went.Joseph Gordon Levitt's Joe is a "looper," an assassin who goes into the past to murder someone needed to be absent in the future, 2072. The Mob, headed by a very relaxed and dangerous Jeff Daniels as Abe, determines to eliminate all loopers, and Joe is next on the list to kill himself by flashing back. Yes, it's existentially a difficult task, and therein lies the drama of this satisfying sci-fi.With less CGI and few glitzy machines (in fact most of the vehicles look shabby 2012 and the loopers' weapon is a sawed-off Steampunk shot gun—how's that for past and future?), this thriller relies to an effective degree on the excellent cast to relay the challenges inherent in altering any past.Because it's an intelligent tale, the overall theme of responsibility for our actions (the existential part) flows quietly from the action, be it as simple as running from the bad guys to the complexity of deciding on the sacrifices willing to be made to alter the future.A leitmotiv of this film is that no one is immune from the effects of the past, Sinatra notwithstanding in his apparent satisfaction with how things turned out. For Looper, cult status is its future.
평점: 10	리뷰: To begin, Looper is a sci-fi film set in the future, dealing with the implications of time-travel, although it is very much a film about the past. The film is all about the past, how it affects the present and the future and how it drives people with the majority of the film building characters and establishing plot.Anyone looking for an action film will be sorely disappointed because this is first and foremost a writer's film, focusing on plot, character and dialogue. As mentioned above, the brunt of the film falls on development, more so than action set-pieces and CGI. The portions of the city and the near future Johnson has created, whilst some may see as unoriginal, I see as tributary. A lawless country split socially in half, poverty on one side, excess on the other, the world Johnson has manufactured carries an air similar to that of Alfonso Cuaron's Children of Men, a comparably important sci-fi film in the struggle to build the credibility of the genre in the realm of modern cinema.Not only is the film intelligent, it also acts as a courier for Johnson, a director of hit (Brick) and miss (The Brothers Bloom) repute following his sophomore outing. If you support intelligent science fiction in the intellectual vein of Inception and Primer, Looper is a film sitting firmly in the middle of the two. Break the box office with this film and bring intelligence back to film-making.
평점: 10	리뷰: Looper is the latest work of Rian Johnson. It's always good when the director writes the film as he has a much better idea of how he would want it to be portrayed. Looper is a brilliant piece of film and Johnson really pulled it out of the bag. The idea of the story is very simple but when you begin to put in all the complications we see in the film, it's a different story all together. Let me also say this, the plot and 'idea' of this film e.g. Time Travel sounds quite cheesy, but this film is anything but cheesy. It's fast paced, action-packed and NOT FOR CHILDREN – this film is extremely violent and gory and has content that could disturb and upset children including drug use, alcohol, sexual references and at points, extreme amounts of blood.The basic idea to the film is this: In 2042, time travel hasn't been invented, but 30 years in the future it will have been. So when somebody needs killing in the future, the mob zap them back 30 years for someone, like Joseph Simmonds, to kill. Strapped to the back of the victim are solid gold or silver bars which are the looper's payment for killing the person and disposing of the body. This film would be pretty cut and dry if it stuck to this but obviously, it's not going to.To check out the full article go to: http://www.teknue.com/reviews/film- review-looper-2012/999
평점: 8	리뷰: Sitting here the day after viewing Rian Johnson's Looper, parts of it are still falling in to place. Standing out amongst this years crop of mostly underwhelming sequels and comic book adaptations, Looper thunders onto the screen, showing, much like Inception did two years ago, that there is a place in 2012 for fresh material and just how good it can be when it's done right.The film tells the story of Joe (Joseph Gordon-Levitt), a hit-man for an organised crime syndicate tasked with assassinating targets sent from the future. After being confronted with his future self (Bruce Willis) and failing to perform, Young Joe is forced to track down Old Joe and finish the job before being tracked down himself by the nefarious mob led by Abe (Jeff Daniels). However there is much more to the story than the basic premise, and Johnson isn't afraid to keep details close to his chest until later in the film than most movies of this type, so I won't spoil them here.While certainly paying subtle homage to its predecessors, Looper is a stunningly original sci-fi masterpiece, vastly superior to any of the higher profile action releases this year. While certainly made on a much larger playing field than Johnson's previous work (Brick, The Brothers Bloom), there is still a small-scale, independent feel to the film, and it benefits from clearly staying completely under the control of the young director. Delivering excitement sprinkled with thoughtful themes of personal sacrifice, he offers us much to chew on.Johnson understands that a successful action film doesn't need an explosion every ten minutes, and allows ample time for developing character and story, something which will likely divide audiences. Looper is very deliberately constructed, and after the highly charged opening establishing the intricate time-travel premise and direction of the plot, Johnson scales back the action almost too much as he ambitiously juggles the many and varied story elements he has created. Thankfully, any weakness in the middle of the film is largely overshadowed as Johnson launches the third act with such ferocity that the stark change of pace leaves you breathless.Despite the problems in the middle of the film, Looper overcomes its flaws purely by being that rare beast in Hollywood nowadays, the totally original script. Not an adaptation, not a sequel or remake, but a fresh idea from the mind of an immensely talented young film-maker. In a perfect world, Looper would be the game changer it deserves to be, slapping Hollywood studios across the face and announcing that not everything has to be a PG-13 franchise based on a comic book. It's unlikely that this will the case, and it remains to be seen whether or not the film will even be a success, but it's encouraging to see that there are young auteurs at work who are fighting to craft new and exciting stories, even if we only get to see the results every year or two.tinribs27.wordpress.com
평점: 9	리뷰: 'Looper' stands out as one of the most well executed time-travel films to come out of Hollywood. Not only does it successfully execute a rounded narrative , but the characters and their motivations are clear and unwavering.Joe is a professional hit-man, who murders people for money - from the future, he is called a Looper. Circa 2070, time travel is outlawed and only used by powerful members of the mob. Thus, they send anyone they want killed back to 2040, thus erasing them from existence in their present. He is shocked when he himself is sent back, (Bruce Willis) and this older version escapes assassination. While on the surface, it seems like a cat-and-mouse type of film, the intricacies in character development and plot make this film much more than that.Writer/director Rian Johnson certainly succeeds in dictating the laws of time travel in his universe. Any fans of 'Primer' will certainly enjoy this film, and 'Primer' creator/star Shane Carruth actually consulted on the time travel elements on this film.Joseph Gordon-Levitt is convincing as not only a Bruce Willis look-alike, but he nails the facial nuances and vocal cadences. While the make-up is a little distracting at times, it's not ridiculous, and in fact is in the vain of the Back to the Future prosthetics, which for their time, were quite effective in making the actors look 30 years older. Bruce Willis gives one of the most intriguing and convincing performances of his career and Emily Blunt is a flawless and well-placed character. Jeff Daniels plays a small but crucial role and portrays the menacing employer very well.A special mention should go out to Pierce Gagnon, who plays a six-year-old crucial to the plot. Without giving too much away, his performance and timing is impressive for such a young lad.This is a film you need to concentrate in. You'll probably even be asking yourself in your head 'isn't he (that character) but younger?' 'How can that happen if that happened?'. And this is the complex beauty of the time travel narrative. My advice would be to just let it wash over you. Enjoy the ride.
평점: 8	리뷰: Okay so this is the hard part; explaining the mind bending plot for this film. Yet it's a plot that's actually quite easy to follow; strange right? It's the year 2044. Time travel has not yet been invented but in thirty years time not only has it been invented but also its use outlawed. Except for sophisticated crime syndicates who secretly use the time travel to dispose of undesirables, by sending them back in time to 2044 for execution by specializes assassins called loopers. Now the phrase 'closing the loop' means when the older self of a looper is sent back to be killed but their present day self or younger self. There is an up and down side this, the looper receives a hefty pay day but must live with the knowledge that he only has thirty years left to live. This is what happens a highly regarded young looper named Joe (Joseph Gordon-Levitt); but he fails to kill his older self (Bruce Willis), which violates the one rule loopers are expected to obey, never let your target escape, even if that target is you. Now Joe is on the run from his criminal colleagues led by Jeff Daniels, older Joe wishes to change his future by eliminating a young boy who will one day become a powerful enemy. Younger Joe finds himself on a corn farm where a young woman named Sara (Emily Blunt) and her son Cid (Pierce Gagnon) live; Sara allows Joe to take refuge so he can decide his next move. I could go on and on believe me, but I think that's more than enough and I really must stop before I pull out the little hair I have left on my head.Well first I'll say that this is a time travel movie done well. I was unable to find any real plot holes, I'm sure there are some but I was just to busy doing mental somersaults over the film's concept which is mind bending to say the least. Many have said this already and I do agree that its Terminator meets Inception, that's probably the best way to describe the film to someone in once short sentence if you're pressed for time. It's a very clever film that's extremely well written, it's really something very unique. And much more violent than I was originally expecting and it's really bloody. It adds to the film's tone which I sensed an overall bleakness about it. The three main characters are very strong, especially older Joe who I found to be very interesting. You could say he's the villain but from his point of view the acts he commits are cases of justified evil. Our characters face some pretty unusual moral dilemmas. Sating the obvious, Joseph Gordon-Levitt looks strangely different as a result of some impressive make-up work to I suppose make him resemble Bruce Willis, which he doesn't but you still believe they're the same person. Now is it me or is Emily Blunt almost too sexy? That part when she's out on her front porch pretending to smoke a cigarette; for me that was borderline torture, what an image!Looper was fantastic, a truly exciting and unique modern science fiction thriller. This time travel stuff really does fry your brain. I loved that we were given a moment of classic Bruce Willis style action, it didn't really fit well with the film, it's actually a tad degrading but it was so much fun to watch. It's an excellent film.For more reviews visit my blog: cinematicrandomness.blogspot.com.au
평점: 9	리뷰: "Looper", written and directed by Rian Johnson is a theoretical view on time travel with an unusual purpose. The future is ruled by an evil force called "The Rainmaker" who heads a mob-like group of killers. However, they aren't doing the actual killing. When they want to "bump" somebody-off, they send them 30 years back in time to the year 2044 which is where the story begins in Kansas. The hit-men from the past doing the killings are called "loopers".The film revolves around Looper "Joe", played by Joseph Gordon-Levitt. A self-centered, wealthy young thirty-something whose wealth was created from his looping and who finds comfort in liquid drugs dropped into his eyes and a prostitute named "Suzie" (Piper Perabo) until he discovers more in life outside of his daily grind after coming into contact with his older self, played by Bruce Willis and finding the woman who "saves his life", "Sara" (Emily Blunt).Loopers receive their jobs at an exact, sometimes approximate time in a specific secluded location where the person being killed is a man that is bound, hooded, and gagged. As soon as they appear out of thin air, the Looper shoots them dead, then turns their body over to receive their pay-out which is bars of silver tied to the victim's back.Ultimately, every "looper" has his day, so-to-speak. When their bosses want to finish the jobs, they must do this be eliminating all evidence of the killings – which by-the-way are technically killings of people that don't currently exist since they were knocked-off 30 years ago. But, they do this by sending the Looper himself (if he's still alive) from 30 years into the future back in time to be killed by themselves. Once the looper assassinates himself, the reward is a huge payout with gold bars. They then have 30 years to live...MORE - http://hllywdjnkt.co/QtPtJM HollywoodJunket.com
평점: 9	리뷰: I feel somewhat overwhelmed when thinking back on this movie in order to share my thoughts on it, given I only got done watching it a couple of hours ago, and it's one of those films that really sticks in your head after you've walked out of the theater. What I can say for sure, however, is that you should definitely give this film a watch. Also, I recommend you go into the movie knowing as little as possible about the plot. There are a number of twists and turns throughout the film, some small, and some pretty huge, and I have seen reviews that have given away some of these twists without adequate spoiler warnings, so tread very carefully when seeking reviews for this film. In fact, maybe just don't look at any reviews at all; the less you know the more you'll enjoy the film, and the more you'll be engaged by it. All you need to know going into the film is that it's very good.There's nary a dull moment in it's nearly two hour long running time- the pacing's perfect, and its fairly complex narrative is perfectly and naturally described through its use of voice-overs and exposition(that doesn't specifically feel like forced, direct exposition). It's definitely the boldest American film I've seen all year, as this year has been plagued with flashy, admittedly entertaining franchise films and over-produced block-busters that are fun to watch but not usually particularly memorable. Looper is not one such film.It's original, engaging, and goes places the vast majority of American films almost never dare to go. Definitely go watch this. I'd give it 8.5/10.
평점: 1	리뷰: Depressing rubbish. Child murdering. I intend to send the people who gave this good reviews back in time to loopers. Why are you so in love with sadness and sadism Americans? And where was the kid's father? Are women asexual in 30 years? Or is it so accepted that women can't be bothered with men that it is not even mentioned?More dystopian horror that most people get off on. Try designing software for our deterrent. You might lose your taste for it.Depressing rubbish. Child murdering. I intend to send the people who gave this good reviews back in time to loopers. Why are you so in love with sadness and sadism Americans? And where was the kid's father? Are women asexual in 30 years? Or is it so accepted that women can't be bothered with men that it is not even mentioned?More dystopian horror that most people get off on. Try designing software for our deterrent. You might lose your taste for it.
평점: 1	리뷰: Crap, crap, crap, I was so bored that I truly contemplated leaving the movie (and I'm a huge sci fi fan). Willis was a 5th wheel the whole time. Poor Gordon-Levitt had to play both Willis and the character at once. His make up was so funny! Dark painted old woman's eyebrows, eyes too green, could have toned down on the lipstick. And the plot? Well, there is no plot. Just a collection of some random scenes half baked, jammed together for no reason whatsoever. Wanna see a good time travel movie? Watch 1997 Retroactive. Hollywood is now officially impotent. The hint: If a movie begins with idiotic voice-over that goes on and on explaining stuff it is gonna be really bad. FYI.
평점: 1	리뷰: Why what the hell !!!!after reading all of the other previews did you all see the same film !!!!!!Trust me ! this film is rubbish in fact sifting through rubbish would be more interesting, it really was a very poor, a used condom has more life .It would seem all of the biggest guns in the film world gun shed, were brought out on show in this epic pile of nasty, I would have been more than happy to use one just to shoot the tiny rainmaker just to end it all... Apparently young Joe had to wear a false nose in the film to look like old Joe . Just wish that I had use of the Hollywood prosthetics's team as not to be recognized as I left the cinema !
평점: 7	리뷰: Of course when you sit down with the popcorn to watch a movie about time travel you should be prepared for the time paradoxes and contradictions. In Looper they come in spades but unfortunately in this case they really don't make even a little senseA quick summary of what the film is about: In the far future it is impossible to criminally dispose of bodies so the mob instead beams them back 30 years where "Loopers", in league with the future Mafia shoot them dead and crimate the remains. To tie up loose ends these Loopers themselves are also terminated in the same way by their younger selves, 30 years after they retire. This all goes swimmingly until a retiree escapes after being beamed into the past. Chaos ensues...I have to say as I watched the movie unfold I enjoyed it. There was a good balance of action and drama and it was unpredictable enough to keep me on the edge of my seat.However, now I am home I am thinking more about what nonsense the end actually was, (yes, a time paradox) and worse than that I also realize there is not one character in the film I liked. This makes it difficult to rave about later on.Looper currently has a very high IMDb rating. I think over time it will come down to less rarefied altitude as it certainly doesn't deserve to be listed among the all time classics.All that said, it's great fun, so don't let my tepid review stop you from seeing it. Make up your own mind. It's certainly worth watching if you are a sci-fi fan.
평점: 8	리뷰: Neglect the quality of the technical part of this film making, I think the ideas, philosophy behind this film is very profound. Especially when the writer explains the idea of causal and effect theory through a Sci-Fi film. In the film, there is no bad guys, and 'right or wrong'. there is only the cause of becoming bad and the effect it results in. It is not Cid's fault for becoming the future 'rain man', but what old Joe did to Cid is also not wrong in his point of view. Old Joe teleport himself to the past to kill Cid in order to prevent him from becoming the 'rain man' and lead to his wife's death. But he did not realise that his action is the cause of Cid to become 'rain man' and therefore indirectly results in his wife's death in future. A 'Loop' of fate is created. The young Joe realised this at the end and sacrifice his life to save Cid and himself from their fate. The 'Loop' of fate is broken. I think the writer gives the name 'rain man' is trying to show two characters of the future Cid: a heart that desired to bring hope and changes to the future (like the Spring rain gives life to plant), and a cold heart wished to clean all the 'dirt' in the world (like the cold Autumn rain).
평점: 9	리뷰: I think that I am going to start out by saying that it is very difficult to surprise me at a film. They are usually very predictable. I have to say that this film got me (which I love). Director/Writer Rian Johnson did a very good job explaining what a Looper was right from the beginning. Just when I was asking myself "what if" questions in my head, they were being answered right there before me. If you go to this film expecting a lot of futuristic special effects, there aren't many, but the storyline did not suffer because of it. Although this film pretty much centers around regret and redemption, there are splashes of sacrifice and lost love. As expected there was a lot of retro-vision (my made up word), but they were very well placed. The transformation of Joe (Joseph Gordon-Levitt) into his older self (Bruce Willis) was expertly demonstrated. I think that the casting of these two look-alike actors was brilliant. Abe (Jeff Daniels) was the futuristic mob boss and the controlling force behind the loopers. As seen in the trailer, Joe fails to eliminate his older self and the cat and mouse game begins. Abe is relentless in his pursuit of both versions of Joe. Sara (Emily Blunt) is a single mom just trying to survive and raise her son in a very hostile world. I would be remiss if I did not mention Cid (Pierce Gagnon). You find yourself really falling for this kid, even though there are many things transpiring with him. You really don't know the significance of Beatrix (Tracie Thoms), who is a waitress in a local diner, until the end of the film. This mind-bending science fiction film has the viewer wondering about all the possibilities that could have developed in the film. I think that I would put this film in the mystery category as well. Just when you think that you have it all figured out, you don't. Although at times this film did have a terminator feel to it, I was blown away by the end of the film. There were a lot of times that I said to myself, "I didn't see that coming". Even without stunning special effects, this film is definitely worth the price of a ticket. You will not regret it. I recommend that you close the loop and go and see this film. I give it a glaring green light.
평점: 9	리뷰: Looper as seen in the trailer has to do with hit men thirty-two years from now in a future that includes time travel. The thing with time travel that continuously tends to be the case is the probability of a paradox. It always comes down to which came first the chicken or the egg, but this film does a masterful job of taking the audience through a finely crafted tale that is creative, captivating and in some instances just plain sad. Young Joe (Joseph Gordon-Levitt) provides the narrative behind the story so that the audience understands what a looper is and some of the terminology that accompanies the vocation. I say vocation loosely, since it seems that there aren't very many jobs to be had in this future other than crime figure if you're a man, vagrant and working girl. With the narrative we learn that there is the possibility for a closed loop, a running loop, and that the business of being a looper really has very few if any redeeming factors. Old Joe (Bruce Willis) makes the latter aspect of being a looper painfully clear. For a fleeting moment 12 Monkeys came to mind, but the two films have time travel and Bruce Willis in common and nothing else, not that I would mind seeing a crazy eyed Brad Pitt, I digress. Emily Blunt (Sara) does a great job of playing a country girl, she seems to have a knack for taking parts in creative stories. The Adjustment Bureau is one of my favorite movies, for the single fact that it is creative and the story was new. This film was not at all what I expected. It is so refreshing when the trailer doesn't give away all the goods. I had an expectation and I am glad to say that the direction that this film took was nowhere near what I had thought, in fact the trailer was a bit misleading which was an added plus. To say that I was impressed by the writing is to say the very least. I was floored by the writing, the special effects, the shocking manner in which Seth (Paul Dano) was dealt with, and the nose bridge that made J G-L look like BW. There was a time that I was asking myself where is this film going and as each scene unfolded I became more and more engaged. This film was very well done, green light.
평점: 10	리뷰: I've seen many movies in my life (even though I am still pretty young) but this one, I don't think I'll ever find a word to describe it. It was more than just what it seems like. The beauty in this movie literally took the breath out of me. The actors were fantastic. They delivered an amazing performance. They made all of this, feel so real. I could feel their pain and understand their actions. At one point, Bruce Willis was just being the man who we fell in love with in his action movies which made many people (who have seen him before) laugh. Maybe not out loud, but it sure did put a smile on many faces. One of the thing I also enjoyed, was the wittiness. We have to admit that Rian Johnson is a gifted man for writing a scenario like that one. Everything was perfect. The story flows sweetly even with those jumps in time that might confuse some of us. But since it was written with such a precision, a dazzling imagination and an unparalleled beauty, you will always find a meaning in the end and that sure blows people's mind. What I adored about this film also was that it was of all kind. The action was great, there was a few pretty funny moments, the romance, and I could go on and on. But the one thing that made this movie the best I've ever seen is the final scene. (I will not spoil) I believe that it was one of the best endings ever written. The words Joe said, tell us perfectly how beautiful but dark life can be. And I have to show all my sincere respect for what he did. My heart stopped at those words. I was left speechless.
평점: 1	리뷰: "Looper" qualifies as a sordid science fiction thriller about time travel with an awful ending. Stir a little H.G. Wells in with some Stephen King and add a pinch of "The Sopranos," and you've got the basics of "Brick" director Rian Johnson's contrived, unconvincing chronicle. Bruce Willis and Joseph Gordon-Levitt are cast as one in the same character in this disappointing actioneer that pits them against each other with a no-win outcome. Furthermore, both protagonists emerge as more anti-heroic than heroic. If you dismiss the fact these talented thespians bear scant resemblance to each other, you must still consider the scarcity of information about a distant future as well as a warped premise. These shortcomings constitute the chief flaws in this imaginative but predictable sci-fi saga that unfolds in an erratic manner, lacks quotable dialogue, and features one character with no qualms about shooting innocent adolescents. By the time this uninspired, R-rated, 118-minute, spectacle has worn out its welcome; you have no reason to care about anybody, including an obnoxious telekinetic tyke who doesn't know when to keep his trap shut. Mind you, the future has never appeared more dystopian. Some people are born with a mutation that enables them to levitate objects, and these fellows find that they can lure facile-minded babes into bed by making quarters float above the palms of their hands. The economy has hit bottom, and vagrancy has become epidemic. Citizens can execute vagrants on the spot if they feel so inclined. Any time Hollywood undertakes a time travel tale, the filmmakers conjure up some of the ugliest vehicles. While the cars and trucks look hopelessly tacky, the motorcycles resemble something Luke Skywalker might ride. Basically, you see a guy straddling a cylinder with handle bars. Computer-generated special effects blur everything beneath his feet so he appears to be cruising on a cushion of air.Johnson's screenplay is as amoral as his narrative premise is warped. Imitating the best Mafia movies of director Martin Scorsese, Johnson relies on the voice-over narration of his lead character to acquaint us not only with his unusual profession but also with the seedy world in which he thrives. Kansas in the year 2044 serves as the setting. Presumably, Johnson is making an ironic "Wizard of Oz" joke with his futuristic fable. The premise of "Looper" is that a guy can live the high life by killing individuals from the future who have been sent back to the past. Joseph Simmons (Joseph Gordon-Levitt of "The Dark Knight Rises") is a killer who was brought up the ranks by his boss, Abe (Jeff Daniels of "Blood Work"), to do his dirty work. Actually, Abe was beamed back from the future to coordinate the equivalent of Murder Incorporated. In the 1940s, the Mafia relied on out-of-town gunmen from to ice enemies on their own turf. For example, if the New York Mafia wanted to dispose of an adversary, they contracted a Chicago gunsel to eliminate him. The rationale was that the authorities always sought a motive. What motive would a Chicago mobster have for killing New York mobster that he didn't know? This remained standard operating procedure until the authorities figured out the connection. Mobsters in the year 2074 cannot murder their adversaries because humans have become too easy to track. Since the mob cannot kill their own, they contract hits out to mobsters from the past. Gunman designated 'loopers' kill and dispose of these victims that the mob has beamed back so nobody can find them. Our hero wields an exotic shotgun called a 'blunderbuss,' and the looper waits near a cornfield in the middle of nowhere with his weapon and a tarp spread on the ground. Eventually, a bound man with a bag over his head and silver ingots strapped to his back materializes. After he murders his prey, Joseph incinerates him so no traces remain. When a gangland assassin in the future has worn out his welcome, however, the mob sends him back to the past so he can kill himself. They call this 'closing the loop.' After Young Joe botches the job of killing Old Joe, he has to dodge the bullets of his former associates—known as 'gat-men'--until he can corner and kill himself. Losing one's older self is referred to as 'letting his loop run.' Joe's quick-witted alter-ego from the future (Bruce Willis of "Twelve Monkeys") escapes and searches for a mysterious person known only as the 'Rainmaker.' This enigmatic individual wants to eradicate any trace of the loopers. Older Joe has been given a map with three possible addresses for this 'Rainmaker.' Joe wants to wreak vengeance on the 'Rainmaker' because the ladder dispatched trigger-happy gunmen who accidentally murdered his Asian wife. Instead of keeping things simple, Johnson complicates matters with a subplot about a kid with telekinetic powers. Cid (Pierce Gagnon of "The Crazies") lives on a sugar cane farm with his mom, Sara (Emily Blunt of "The Adjustment Bureau"), who runs the place by herself. One of the locations that the Old Joe has is Sara's farm. He suspects Cid may be the reason that assassins are knocking themselves off. Essentially, what we have here is a good assassin and a bad assassin who share the same body from drastically different decades. Young Joe stakes out Sara's farm so he can terminate Old Joe with extreme prejudice. This uneven, high body count stinker doesn't flow well and is often confusing, too. Moreover, the logic is questionable. Wouldn't it be easier for the future mob to kill their enemies and send the remains back to the past for disposal? Furthermore, what would happen if the victim that they sent back managed to escape like Old Joe and gum up the works? In most movies, you look for a character that you can either love or envy. Nobody is lovable in "Looper" and parts of this movie are just plain downright dull.
평점: 10	리뷰: In a time in cinema when sci-fi means battling robots, action films need to be rated PG-13, and heroes and villains are black and white, Looper is one of the most refreshing films you will have the luxury of seeing. Even when the film was bogged down by trailers trying to draw crowds looking for a pure action movie, audiences got a film that doesn't just bring the action, but also has more heart and brain than almost any movie this year. This film is extremely ambitious and reminds us (especially when we saw trailers for Paranormal Activity 4 and a Red Dawn remake before hand) that there are filmmakers out there actually trying to do new/great things.Looper is written and directed by Rian Johnson, the mind behind the indie films Brick and The Brothers Bloom. Johnson's story follows Joe (Joseph Gordon-Levitt), an assassin known as a looper who specializes in the killing of targets sent back from the future, bound and hooded, ready for the killing. As Joe tells us, time travel has not been invented yet in his present 2044, but in 30 years it has. And 30 years from now, a criminal ring sends the targets they need killed back to a time where they can be eliminated and disposed of without any trace. Essentially, it is the perfect crime.Being a looper has its perks. You are well paid, can live an exciting lifestyle, and have plenty of authority in the world you live. However, there is one major setback: in the future, time does come when the head of this mob decides to "close your loop." This means, your future self is sent back for you to kill. Your future self dies, you get a big payday, and you know you have 30 years left to live. If your future self comes back and you fail to close your loop, then you are in trouble. Both you and your future self are hunted down to eliminate any loose ends.And this is exactly the problem Joe gets himself into. When his future self lands on his killing block, Joe is outsmarted and overpowered by Old Joe (Bruce Willis), and the hunter becomes the hunted. This is played out brilliantly between Gordon-Levitt and Willis, the former of which wore make-up to look like a young Willis. Add to this the fact that Gordon-Levitt executes many of Willis' facial gestures, squints, and laughs, and we really start to buy that this is the same person.What is so great about Looper is that Johnson writes out a story that is extremely smart within a world that is extremely plausible. What starts as a sci-fi action film slowly turns into a dark drama/western styled film that keeps you guessing from beginning to end.To read the rest of the review (IMDb form too short) visit: http://custodianfilmcritic.com/looper/
평점: 8	리뷰: What would you do if one day you had a heart-to-heart talk with yourself, which is decades older than you? What if you were a hit-man and you were ordered to take out yourself? Such questions and much more are posed in Rian Johnson's "Looper", an excellent addition to the science- fiction genre. No wait, it isn't just science-fiction, it's also an action thriller and a crime drama (complete with noir-like narration) with a healthy dollop of romance. This movie knocked my socks off.In the future, time-travel is illegal, and yet somehow some criminals managed to get their hands on the technology, and send targets back in time to be assassinated by hit men called Loopers. These Loopers, such as Joe (Joseph Gordon-Levitt) live rich when the economic structure of the rest of society is crumbling around them. However, a thing called 'closing the loop' happens when the Loopers kill older versions of themselves sent back from the future - effectively eliminating all trace of the Loopers back to the organization which hired them. Trouble befalls Joe when he lets his guard down enough to let his older self (Bruce Willis) escape. How a young Kansas farm lady (Emily Blunt) and her son fit into this plot I will not reveal. One might be thinking "A- ha! I know where this is going" in many scenes, but Johnson is smarter than that. He has a trick up every sleeve, turning a potential cliché over its head. Such an intense ride. Such superb writing by Johnson who also directs the film with flair, and kinetics when duty calls him to. This being his first mainstream film, who knows what he'll come up with next.Looper delivers. An ingenious, intelligent, daring screenplay which brings a fresh and thought-provoking twist to the time-travel genre while also inverting it. It has brutal violence in between the genuinely thrilling, adrenaline pumping action sequences - adding raw edge to the film. It is also a strong morality play - it blurs the line between hero-isms and villainous acts. The younger Joe, the hero of the film played by Gordon-Levitt in a smart-aleck performance, is a thug that kills people for money and luxury. The older version of the character as portrayed by Willis is a bruised, tortured, intense soul underneath all that toughness, a wounded, broken man who is determined to set things right his way - however morally skewered it is. Not forgetting a vulnerable and fragile performance by Blunt who provides a strong emotional and (non-cliché) romantic core to the younger Joe, and a mischievous, mysterious yet witty act from little Pierce Gagnon, who maintains the right balance of emotions for the role. Not forgetting Jeff Daniels as a businessman-like supervisor for the Loopers - charismatic at times, brutal at others.Some very good cinematography by Steve Yedlin really shows nice, wide angles and refreshingly crisp action sequences in their glory - and also showcases the sleek production design, a futuristic Kansas metropolis not unlike the city of Blade Runner, only with more impoverished people. The special effects are good for what the budget is for the film but I strongly appreciate its subtlety for not choking on unnecessary CGI. It actually enhances the intensity of the film. Editing is crisp and paces the film nicely, without leaving too much or too little. Nathan Johnson's score is very good, actually, some old-school action orchestra work among the subtler parts can be heard here, with perfect timing, and it is a fine addition to the movie."Looper" is extremely entertaining and yet one hell of a film. Very intense and thrilling, very exciting, very thought provoking, substantially emotional and stylish and ultimately just damn great. We might see a cult of fans hoarding this movie soon. Just when you think there's hardly any more original sci-fi flicks, out comes this wallop of a film - surprisingly one of 2012's very best.Overall: 90%Eat your heart out, "Inception".
평점: 8	리뷰: This is simply one tough film to review or sum up. It's a very interesting film and the movie certainly sticks with you. Still, it plays as overly ambitious and it does stumble over itself far too often. It's a shame because it strives for so much and buckles under its own ambition.It does capture a kind of "Twelve Monkeys" vibe being that it's a gripping, grim and often times bleak film that won't make anyone's "feel good" movies list. Joseph Gordon-Levitt, Bruce Willis, Emily Blunt and Jeff Daniels all deliver excellent performances as one would expect. There's a mixed bag here to be sure.I'm glad I saw it but I really can't say I care to ever see it again.
평점: 7	리뷰: I had high hopes for looper. Two great leads and from the trailer, a pretty cool (sort of) original plot to work with.I walked out feeling reasonably satisfied with the movie. Were there plot holes? You bet. Time paradoxes? Many. Wasted opportunity? Definitely. Did it go probably 30 minutes longer than it need to? Oh yeah...The point is... Taking all of this into consideration. I still enjoyed it. I liked the brutality in which younger Joe and the other loopers just did their job. I liked the plot involving the Rainmaker and even though it's predictable, it's still enjoyable.I saw this with my brother and he didn't enjoy it so much. He kept on nit picking the paradoxes, how the plot generally did not make sense and how he believed each actor "phoned in" their performance. Personally I though they all did an OK job to help the plot move along.I don't know.. I can't explain why I still enjoyed it. Maybe it was because the last movie I saw was the Expendables 2, and this was like the Shawshank Redemption in comparison. I'd say go and see it to make up your own mind, but don't go expecting a flawless depiction of time travel. Just go in, switch your brain off and enjoy what the movie has to offer.
평점: 10	리뷰: I would have thought it doubtful that anyone could have anything new to add to the sci-fi sub category of time travel movies. After watching Looper yesterday, i'm happy to report that Rian Johnson has removed those doubts and given me hope that sci-fi in Hollywood can be more than just empty spectacle.First off i would say, don't get discouraged from watching the film if you think its going to be too complex or difficult to follow. To follow the story and recognise characters motivations does require a little concentration, but not to the point that you wont enjoy the action beats and other more visceral elements.The story is well constructed, information and plot points are presented at an entertaining and well judged pace. There are some nice little throw away visual references and metaphors which, if you catch them, add a nice texture to the story and stop it feeling too clinical in its plotting.The script is tight, hard edged and very dry in its humour, the actors are fantastic. I think its fair to say that Joseph Gordon-Levitt is well on his way to being "one to watch", Bruce Willis pops back to life here, clearly enjoying himself again, (although i wouldn't say this is solely a Bruce Willis movie in that definition).This is a brilliant movie experience, its an wholly original and entertaining idea, that the writer/director has managed to successfully transpose to film without, it would appear to a layman, pressure or interference from external sources.No matter how much of a good time you will have watching this film (and you will), Hollywood could stand to learn much more from it.
평점: 1	리뷰: This is without doubt the worst "sci-fi" movie I have seen in years. First, they don't even try to explain the time travel part. Second a man can never go back in time without changing the future, thus removing the reason for him to go back in time. Example: On the field Joe kills himself to prevent his future self to kill Cid. And by killing himself, his future self could never have gone back in time because he would not exist. So without Joe going back in time, Cids mom would never have been shot and Cid would never have turn bad. Therefore removing the reason for future Joe to go back in time.You could explain this with parallel universes, but if it was a parallel universe future Joe would not get the memories and scars that Joe gets in the past. Because it would be the other universe and the changes in one universe does not alter the future in another universe. So they ruined that part to.They could have made a fantasy movie of it, explaining it with magic...
평점: 9	리뷰: I'm mostly writing this review because of my husband. He's the type of person that actually likes to read them before he goes to see the movie while I prefer to make up my own mind without any preconceptions or expectations. If he had known how much gritty violence there was in the Looper, he wouldn't have gone to see it. And there really is quite a lot - from the very beginning you see the main character shoot people he doesn't know for no other reason but the money he gets for it. It's cold and gritty and paints a very bleak picture of the life in the near future. Saying that - I don't think all that violence was gratuitous. I thought it was a very effective tool and I found it more palatable then many less gritty action movies with a higher body count but less realism. I loved the movie. I thought it was one of the best dystopian movies I've ever seen. It was really more of the psychological thriller with a redemption side story then a straight sci fi. As I mentioned in my title, it was really surprisingly surprising. Most movies don't offer me anything new these days. They're done 'by the numbers' and you pretty much know within first 20 min how they're going to end. Which is fine too, as long as it's well directed and well acted.Now Looper is not only well directed and acted, it is also quite original and the twists are imaginative. I don't want to give too many spoilers...BIG SPOILER ALERT!!!!!!!!...but the little boy was absolutely brilliant as the potential monster. I loved how the subject of a person's childhood potentially shaping a whole world's future is realised within this movie. Really, all the cast was so well chosen and the support cast was just as impressive as the stars. The women were such subtly realised archetypes of a seductress, the good woman that redeems the anti-hero and a mother doing everything for her child. All three of them were beautifully 3 dimensional. Same with the male characters - though not quite as easy to fit into archetypes. I would definitely see it again - which, to me, is the ultimate test of quality. The only reason I don't give it 10 out of 10 is that I really would've liked a little more world building, but I do see why that might not have been feasible. You know - this would make an awesome TV series - so much room for development...
평점: 10	리뷰: The thoughts that are in your head after watching this movie, well, they are all over the place. Looper was excellent. A well paced Science Fiction action thriller, but it keeps your mind right where it wants to throughout the whole movie. Looper, if you haven't already read, is about a criminal organization that travels in time to get rid of their targets, these criminals who are told to execute the job, are called Loopers. But one day, Joe, one of the youngest Loopers, is approached by his best friend, who failed to "close the loop" meaning killing the target, because the target, was himself, thirty years from now. Joe hides him. And realizes that he cannot help him. Then Joe is asked to close his own loop, and he lets his older self (Bruce Willis) get away. And spirals onto an adventure that challenges Joe's moral and selfish and emotional decisions throughout. Looper challenges revenge, regret, happiness, love, betrayal, and don't think that because Bruce Willis is in it it's all about the guns and violence. Looper does an excellent job, of pacing action and plot, and a climax that will leave you breathless.
평점: 10	리뷰: Shanghai, 2074 - 55 year old Joseph Simmons (Bruce Willis) is sent back 30 years through time travel to be assassinated at the wish of a criminal fraternity which doesn't want the inconvenience of a body in a future when murder is hard to hide. Kansas, 2044 - 25 year old Joe (Joseph Gordon-Levitt with a nose made to look like that of Wilis) is the eponymous looper whose job is to kill those sent to him for execution, even if it is his older self (a process known as 'closing the loop'). London, 2012 - I enter the cinema excited to see a movie which has received such tremendous reviews but aware that the plotting is going to hurt my head. Writer and director Rian Johnson has given us a wonderfully inventive narrative, but the trouble with time travel movies is that you struggle to understand all the rules and reconcile all the contradictions and then you realise that, try as you might, it really doesn't make a whole lot of sense.But suspend belief and enjoy the ride for this is an exciting and well-plotted story that grabs you from the beginning and never stops shaking you up. As well as the two leads (good to see Willis still credible as the hard man after so long and encouraging to see Gordon-Levitt's growing success), there are some good support roles, notably Jeff Daniels playing against type as a vicious criminal overlord and the ever-watchable Emily Blunt eschewing her cut-glass English accent for a passable Kansas one. And then there is that cute kid ((Pierce Gagnon) who may not be quite as innocent as he looks. A particularly enjoyable scene is when Old Joe meets Young Joe in a diner which reminded me a little of when Robert de Niro and Al Pacino meet in a similar setting in "Heat".
평점: 9	리뷰: The rules of time travel in fiction can make your head spin. As a writer, you have to be so meticulous in your vision that all the rules of your universe don't collapse upon each other and bring your entire concept crumbling to the ground. Or, like Rian Johnson does in "Looper," you can be so confident in your story and tell it in such compelling fashion that it doesn't matter if the concept is bulletproof or not."Looper" envisions a future in which time travel has not been invented, but in 30 years it will be, only it's used exclusively by the mob to erase any trace of a hit. Young, impressionable guys in need of work like Joe (Joseph Gordon-Levitt) have been recruited as Loopers to do this dirty work, but even the Loopers must be kept silent in the future, and so they're sent back in time to be killed by their younger selves, which is called "closing your loop." You earn a ton of gold and your freedom for closing your loop, but eventually you'll be sent back in time to be killed by your younger self, hence the loop analogy.Joe keeps his life pretty straight for a Looper. He's stashed part of his earnings so that when he closes his loop he can head to France. At night he goes to the club, drops some eye-drop drug and rendezvouses with a high-end prostitute (Piper Perabo).Suddenly, a lot of the guys are closing their loops, and Joe's confidence is a bit shaken. When he does ultimately see his older self arrive from the future (Bruce Willis), he flinches and lets him get away. He must quickly rectify the situation, or else he'll be killed in order to erase the problem altogether.Time travel, however, is just the tip of the sci-fi iceberg as far as the future world Johnson has built in this film. Genre fans will find themselves highly stimulated by what they see, but at the same time, Johnson elects to slightly upgrade our world instead of give it some futuristic makeover.But more than all that, looking beyond just the vivid context, "Looper" runs on strong characters and an organic sense of urgency. It doesn't get lost in sci-fi dialogue explaining how things work or become so driven by its concept that it detracts from creating believable people.The scene in which both Joes confront each other in a diner captures what Johnson does so well, wrapping what would otherwise be heavy-handed sci-fi exposition into a scene with incredible tension. Although Old Joe gives us a lot of important information, the dominant feeling in the scene has more to do with wondering what it would be like to see yourself either older or younger (depending) staring back at you and knowing that you either need to kill yourself or yourself wants to kill you.In that scene, Old Joe makes clear that he has a specific objective while back in time, so young Joe has to figure out how to stop him with his boss (Jeff Daniels) already on his tail. From there, "Looper" doesn't let up, and not from an action perspective, but in terms of a compelling narrative. Sci fi doesn't get any better when the characters and the story capture as much of your attention as the shiny environment they're placed, especially when you don't even realize it.What's so unique about the way "Looper" uses the time travel device is in two portrayals of the same character. Both versions of Joe feel like completely different people, almost to the point where you have trouble believing they're the same guy, but it just goes to show how much of a difference life experience (years upon years) can make in a person's beliefs and motivations.With proper material, Gordon-Levitt and Willis excel in their roles. JGL nails Willis' speech patterns, but more impressively he gets at the essence of the veteran's famed talent: bringing a sense of vulnerability to a hardened exterior — the sensitive tough guy. Willis too, thanks to the way his character is written, performs better here than in most of his recent films.The outstanding Emily Blunt also deserves credit for her performance, though to explain her would spoil too much of the story's novelty. Gone is the elegant, hilarious Blunt we've mostly seen to this point; Sara is a bold, resilient and headstrong woman who also happens to be extremely lonely, which adds needed complexity. The only weaker point of the script that can't be contributed to either nitpicking the details of the sci-fi framework or how people get conveniently gun-shy, is how Joe completely changes as a person over the course of just a couple short days. At first jaded and completely self- interested, he develops incredible empathy for someone enduring the chaotic life trauma of being both wanted dead and needing to kill your older self.Even though the film's pacing is terrific and Johnson makes the most of every scene, something's missing in the second half that prevents us from staying on the same page with Joe beat for beat. Perhaps, however, it's not what the film doesn't provide, but rather that we're too overstimulated by all the excitement going on to follow along with the film at the more personal, emotional level — until the end, that is.So much of the original science fiction we get today relies so heavily on its gimmick, but "Looper" feels like an action crime thriller that instead uses time travel as a device to add complexity. Johnson has crafted a story in which humans would respond to things as humans do, and he uses the sci-fi elements to enhance this, not drive it. It's why "Looper" will be looked at as a sci-fi gem for a long time to come.~Steven CThanks for reading! Visit moviemusereviews.com
평점: 1	리뷰: This film was a major disappointment. The trailer is promising.The idea is interesting, and the quality of picture is good. Bruce Willis is in it so you would expect a decent action film. So I went to check it out. The beginning was alright, action, everything makes sense. But then, in the middle of the movie it changes from action film to a boring not making any sense drama. It's like the director forgot what movie he was making and started making something else. Bruce Willis's character kills kids randomly, who the heck came up with that idea? At some point while the movie was still going I wanted to leave the cinema, it was that bad. Don't get dazzled by the trailer and don't go watch this movie.
평점: 10	리뷰: Rian Johnson...he's extremely talented, and he definitely proves it with Looper, a mixture of sci-fi/1970s brutality. Joseph Gordon-Levitt is brilliant in this film, taking the task of mimicking Bruce Willis in a phenomenal way. The chemistry between the two leads in undeniably rude, comedic, and heart-breaking. But what makes this film profound is the story you think you know (based on the trailers). Let me tell you now, this film is not about a looper trying to kill his future self. There's far more to this film than that. What starts out as an action-packed thriller turns into a humanism story of the questions of right and wrong. Please go watch this film AS SOON AS POSSIBLE! If I was asked to recommend one film from 2012 to watch, it would have to be this one.
평점: 9	리뷰: Over the years there have been many 'high-concept' sci-fi films to hit our screens, some brilliant but many mediocre. Looper fits the former category, and will in the years to come sit along the likes of The Matrix and Inception.Essentially, the film concerns a titular 'looper' named Joe, whose job is to execute people sent back from the future by criminal organisations. One day, Joe witnesses his future self being sent back, who escapes. In order to protect his life from his employers, Joe must hunt down and kill his former self, who has big plans of his own.Looper has the huge potential to turn into just another shoot-em-up action flick, but luckily the action isn't the primary focus, though when it is present, it is executed well. The film utilises interesting cinematography techniques to give its action scenes a distinct art-house feel, and doesn't go over the top in this sense.Joseph Gordon-Levitt has been repeatedly proving himself as a formidable actor who is willing to tackle difficult roles. Though I wasn't entirely convinced by his makeup, he was flawlessly able to manipulate Bruce Willis' voice and mannerisms. The character Joe himself is likable, with his younger self being motivated by money yet not lacking his humanity. Alternatively, Bruce Willis' performance is reminiscent of his previous portrayal in 12 Monkeys, a similar time-travel film, with his Old Joe being a man tormented by the past and desperate to change it in order to affect the future.It was also interesting seeing Emily Blunt in a role unique to her previous performances, this time as an independent farmer who is haunted by her past treatment of her young son. Here parallels can be drawn between her and Old Joe, both of the individuals being defined and motivated by the past.As with any decent sci-fi films, there are multiple twists and turns in regards to the plot, and this enhances the audience's experience, with the film actually requiring its audience to think as opposed to sitting back and absorbing the action. The concept of time-travel assassinations is interesting enough, though other plot devices such as telekinesis and themes such as redemption are made present, once again enhancing the experience.If I had one complaint, it would be the execution of the conclusion, rather than the conclusion of the plot itself, which I thought was excellent. I'm trying to not reveal too much here, but although the final twist or plot device is delivered brilliantly, the film finishes abruptly after.Through its interesting cinematography techniques and equally thought-provoking concept and plot line, Looper reveals itself as a much welcome addition to the science fiction film genre. Rian Johnson's direction and script, coupled with brilliant performances from the three main leads places the film at the top of this year's sci-fi films, if not the top of this year's films in general.9/10
평점: 1	리뷰: Time travel is always a risky subject, there have been some fantastic ones and there have been some very bad ones, this is one of those.It has all the pretense of being an edge of the seat sci-fi thriller, but then proceeds to bore you to death, and continually tries to pull on heart strings without having earned the right.The acting is OK Emily and Jason are fine (but did they not read the script?), Bruce is just there to drive the plot and hold a machine gun, possibly they should have cast someone else for the role, we want more from him, but we don't get it. I feel sorry for the child that has to play that role.The premise is interesting, that time travel is invented at some point, and then outlawed, for the obvious reason that breaking those rules destroys the integrity of our existence. This movie unfortunately suffers that exact same fate. At the end we really don't care about any of them, and all the way through the motives of the characters are so obscure, there's just no connecting with them.Finally I'd say that the end was highly distasteful, and left me wanting to shoot myself, almost i wonder if that's what the director meant me to feel.
평점: 7	리뷰: Greetings again from the darkness. Director Rian Johnson (Brick) delivers a very entertaining, thrilling and clever sci-fi film that features time travel, dark comedy, romance, metaphysics, and enough action to keep just about any viewer engaged ... as long as you enjoy using your brain a bit.Source Code, the recent film from Duncan Jones, used time travel in very limited segments. Here time travel is 30 years into the future and has been declared illegal. So, of course, only crime syndicates use it. When you think about it, sending your enemies back in time to be killed and disposed of is brilliant. It's very difficult to solve these type of crimes ... though, there is no evidence anyone is trying. The future mob boss known as The Rainmaker hires "loopers" from 30 years past to handle the dirty work. When The Rainmaker begins "closing loops", he does so by sending the loopers back in time to be killed by their younger selves. Yes, somehow this works.Well it works until Seth (Paul Dano) chokes up and lets his future self escape. That doesn't go over well with the modern day crime boss (Jeff Daniels) who just can't allow these future guys to be roaming free. Then, just like that, the same thing happens to Joe (Joseph Gordon Levitt). His future self (Bruce Willis) appears, he flubs the kill, and the next thing you know, the Joe and Old Joe are seated in a booth at a remote diner ordering the same breakfast and staring into their own eyes.Plenty of fun stuff in this one, although, I had a tough time buying a blond Emily Blunt as a Kansas farmer. Her young son Cid, played by Pierce Gagnon, is one of the more interesting characters in the film. He is supposed to the young version of the future Rainmaker, and he possesses some unusual traits ... with Blunt trying to supply sufficient motherly love to prevent him from spinning off track.Director Johnson has a knack of tossing in some dark humor at just the right time. Some of the romance seemed a bit forced, but the criminal element and the Joe vs Old Joe stuff was really fascinating to keep up with. If you enjoy movies that are somewhat challenging, and you can suspend reality for the time travel elements, it's one that you'll probably find quite entertaining. (www.MovieReviewsFromTheDark.wordpress.com)
평점: 9	리뷰: I enjoy big, silly action flicks as much as the next bloke, but I enjoy big, intelligent action flicks even more. Rian Johnson's third effort behind the camera (after the superb Brick and the disappointing The Brother's Bloom) is a sublime mix of stylised violence, edge-of-seat tension and thought-provoking narrative. There are no easy answers to the questions raised by Johnson's time-travel saga – for example, would you kill a small child if you knew he grew up to be a mass-murderer? – however these challenging themes never stop the film from being utterly exhilarating from start to finish. Whether it's the startling opening scene, the alternate path montage or the heart-in-mouth finale, Looper barely misses a beat thanks to Johnson's brilliant pacing and measured use of various camera techniques, Nathan Johnson's engrossing score and the subtly employed CGI which reaches its zenith during the telekinetic climax. The actors are all on song too; Bruce Willis, Emily Blunt and Jeff Daniels are perfectly cast as a fugitive from the future, a strong-willed mother and a charismatic mob boss respectively, but this is undoubtedly Joseph Gordon-Levitt's show. Playing Willis' younger self, who incidentally is trying to kill his older self (confused yet?), JGL is phenomenal as the arrogant, conflicted protagonist who on the surface is an egotistical prick but over time displays a deeper emotional understanding of how the world works. Epic, compelling, invigorating, thrilling: Looper is this and much, much more.
평점: 9	리뷰: I'm sure if I'd been paying more attention I would have heard more about Looper before this week but I haven't and I didn't so when I checked out a couple of reviews mid-week it literally was the first I'd heard about Rian Johnson's latest film. With unison all the reviews I read said it was a good film, most saying excellent and one or two saying good but confusing. I normally leave it a week before going to the cinema to watch a new film to give the screens a chance to calm down but with universally strong reviews I made an exception and I'm seriously glad I did.I'm not going to go into the premise of the film too much, you can get that elsewhere, I just want to highlight how tight and well written the film is and definitely not confusing for anyone that enjoys sci-fi. I liked Johnson's first film of note, Brick (also with Joseph Gordon-Levitt), but to pull off such a feat with a time travelling themed movie, is something Johnson deserves the utmost credit for. Time travelling plots can get confusing fast but Looper works, borrowing from Terminator but still with more than enough for the film to stand on its own merit.I do get a feel of Nolan about Johnson's work but that's not to take anything away from him at all. People who are at the top of their game are bound to have some similarities between them. The balance between thoughtfulness, depth of character, attention to detail and action is almost perfect and the last film I saw that managed this four way brilliance was in my opinion, The Dark Knight.Willis is Willis, Gordon-Levitt does an excellent job of being Willis, Emily Blunt and Jeff Daniels are also good and a special mention goes to Pierce Gagnon who plays creepy kid so well.In a year of quite a few highly anticipated, big hitting, action sci-fi movie releases, Looper is the best so far, hands down.
평점: 2	리뷰: I just came out the movie theater a few hours ago, and already I'm starting to forget a lot about this movie. The world is poorly structured, and it's hard to understand what the story is focusing on 80% of the time. Action scenes are mediocre and there is a lot of unnecessary gore. Gore can be of quality, and it can be just like it's forced to be there. There was nothing surprising in the movie, even the ending. It just felt like it was trying to make a statement, a great impact maybe; it did not. I have no problems with how time travel and time paradoxes were portrayed in this movie, but to sum it up: people come and go through time, random people meet the main character, and there's a lot of repetitive shooting. Finally every comes down to a very fake-feeling climax. And it's very dull. The end.
평점: 9	리뷰: This movie is great, it's a hard sci-fi adventure filled with violence and heart, with more violence than heart. It isn't perfect, but it is darn close. If you don't like sci-fi, you probably won't like this. If you were a fan of 12 Monkeys, you'll probably love this time travel adventure. I have to applaud the two leads, Levitt and Bruce Willis for doing an amazing job at playing the same guy. I do feel like the make-up and prosthetic for Levitt were almost too heavy and unneeded. The characters and acting make up for that though and lead for an entertaining movie that will be loved by older sci-fi fans looking for a fresh film that is not a copy of the last 100 films released.
평점: 9	리뷰: Some idiots should not be allowed into theaters."Loopers" was an excellent movie and the science and science fiction made sense if you were awake during the movie or had a smidgen of intelligence.The reviewers of less than 8 seem to be idiots that were not awake or listening to the movie. This is intelligent science fiction, not Ewoks or flying dragons.My only flaw was the prosthetics (that looked like bad CGI) so that JGL would look more like Bruce Willis. While the resemblance was necessary, JGL has such a noticeable persona that it was difficult to realize that it was him rather than some other actor.But this was not another "2009: Lost Memories" but rather a mixture of "Terminator" and "Blade Runner" and "Rosemary's Baby." And the "surprise ending" made sense if you have any understanding of time travel or parallel worlds.
평점: 8	리뷰: I went and saw this at Movie Tavern in Columbus, OH, this past Friday. I sat in the theater with about 30 other patrons and watched this movie pull out all the MOB tricks. There was action, drama,a heart wrenching story line that had me on the edge of my seat. I did not see the end coming at all which with the suspense, made me enjoy this movie even more. The characters were believable and definitely looked the part. I do encourage you watch a trailer or read a movie description before you go though. A handful of people left because of the nudity, violence and drug use in this film. Hint, don't take your kids to see this. I gave this an 8 out of 10, citing this as a great fall film to go see.
평점: 8	리뷰: After watching this well crafted movie "Men in Black 3" came to mind which deals with time travel as well. But this one is way more clever and it goes in a more serious and dramatic direction that will keep you glued to the screen. Because you want to know exactly what is going on and how it's going to go down. Maybe there are few time paradoxes or certain time travel elements that isn't fully connected or doesn't make complete sense, maybe some loopholes. But it's a film that portray time travel in a effectively intriguing and entertaining way. When it's finished there might be a chance the audience might want a bit more to the movie. Maybe a bit more action and chase sequences. But with a movie like this, the action is just something partial. What drives this movie is the clever plot and dialogues. But than again Rian Johnson also directed "Brick" which has those elements as well. The idea to this film might not be entirely original but it has enough different elements to make it, it's own film. Plus a lot of ideas has already become movies or written before. So it's way better than a rehash or a remake for sure. From the trailer it seems like it's about a guy that kills people that is sent from the future to the past for money. But when he fails to kill his older self the mafia wants him dead. Thus it's a triple a triple chase movie, but that is only part of the movie. It really does go in a direction I didn't really expect, in a good way. Bruce Willis is Bruce Willis and he is good at what he does, except he brings about more emotion in this than usual. But it's usually always a pleasure to see Bruce in action movies, especially if the story is good. Now Bruce plays the older version of the main character named Joe but the real protagonist is the younger Joe. Played by Joseph Gordon-Levitt, now I don't know if it's the make up and everything or Josephs acting, probably both. But he really does pull off the younger version of Bruce Willis from the way he talks to his expressions. There is also Jeff Daniels in this who plays Abe who is a guy sent from the future to be a manager for the loopers. He is good in this and After watching this well crafted movie "Men in Black 3" came to mind which deals with time travel as well. But this one is way more clever and it goes in a more serious and dramatic direction that will keep you glued to the screen. Because you want to know exactly what is going on and how it's going to go down. Maybe there are few time paradoxes or certain time travel elements that isn't fully connected or doesn't make complete sense, maybe some loopholes. But it's a film that portray time travel in a effectively intriguing and entertaining way. When it's finished there might be a chance the audience might want a bit more to the movie. Maybe a bit more action and chase sequences. But with a movie like this, the action is just something partial. What drives this movie is the clever plot and dialogues. But than again Rian Johnson also directed "Brick" which has those elements as well. The idea to this film might not be entirely original but it has enough different elements to make it, it's own film. Plus a lot of ideas has already become movies or written before. So it's way better than a rehash or a remake for sure. From the trailer it seems like it's about a guy that kills people that is sent from the future to the past for money. But when he fails to kill his older self the mafia wants him dead. Thus it's a triple a triple chase movie, but that is only part of the movie. It really does go in a direction I didn't really expect, in a good way. Bruce Willis is Bruce Willis and he is good at what he does, except he brings about more emotion in this than usual. But it's usually always a pleasure to see Bruce in action movies, especially if the story is good. Now Bruce plays the older version of the main character named Joe but the real protagonist is the younger Joe. Played by Joseph Gordon-Levitt, now I don't know if it's the make up and everything or Josephs acting, probably both. But he really does pull off the younger version of Bruce Willis from the way he talks to his expressions. There is also Jeff Daniels in this playing the character Abe who is a guy sent from the future to be a manager for the Loopers. And his conversations with Joseph Gordon-Levitt stands out in a pedantic kinda way. Now his presence with Joseph isn't as strong as in "The Lookout" but it's good never the less and a bit intimidating. Anyways if anyone is in the mood for a clever, innovative sci-fi movie with some interesting elements this movie will definitely be worth checking out. In fact this is probably my favorite sci-fi movie of 2012. 8.7/10
평점: 8	리뷰: Let me start by saying that this is probably the best science-fiction film of the year. Somehow, Rian Johnson was able to turn time travel into a relatively unique, fresh concept that was at times very dark. In fact, this entire film is very dark, yet it handles it well--you are not consistently being hit over the head with it, although it is definitely always there. This film absolutely takes you on a journey, and I was highly entertained the entire time, and found myself wondering what was going to happen, and how it was going to end. This film also makes you care for the characters, which I feel many movies and films today skip over. Joseph Gordon-Levitt does a great job as the present-day looper Joe, trying desperately to close his own loop before the mob catches up with him, and Bruce Willis is fantastic as Gordon-Levitt's future-self trying to avenge the death of his wife by murdering the potential past-selves of a mass-murdering vigilante (it gets a little complicated, but by no means is it not followable). All the while, Joe comes to know Sara, portrayed by Emily Blunt in a fierce and standout performance, and her son, who are both hiding dark secrets. All of the actors, from Jeff Daniels to Paul Dano, actually do very good jobs, and as I said the characters are really well thought-out.However, this film is absolutely not without it's flaws. I was actually expecting something quite different when I walked into the theater--it was definitely more supernatural than I thought it would be, which sort of detracted from the otherwise-believable world, but ends up being a central plot-point. Also, there are plenty of loopholes and paradoxes that could've been explained better or fixed within the confines of the script. Lastly, many people are saying that this film has three acts, but I'd almost say it only has two, at least based on the setting. For me, the two halves have completely different feels to them, possibly because of the contrasting settings, which doesn't necessarily detract from the film, but makes it somewhat incoherent. (Half of it is essentially set in a rundown, futuristic city, and I liked the fact that, although it was not beaming with future technology, there were hints here-and-there where you could tell it was in the future. The other half is set in a farmhouse that's old even for today's standards. It's quite a contrast, although I felt as if Johnson was saying something about how modern society is slowly taking over traditional values.) That being said, the script is still great, and there are actually some genuinely funny moments of dry humor, snide remarks, and comical situations. I'm not sure if all of these were intended to be taken as comical, but the majority of the theater was laughing at some points throughout the film. Overall, though, it is definitely quite dark and dramatic, but don't come expecting an action movie. There is action, for sure, but this is more of a character's film, and I'd say that despite the fact that it could've been better-developed, it definitely didn't disappoint.
평점: 7	리뷰: I didn't have high expectations for Looper. I hated the title, for one. The trailer didn't impress me either. But I really like Joseph Gordon-Levitt and Bruce Willis and didn't know Jeff Daniels was in it too (and he was fantastic in this even though he wasn't in it much)and considering my mom was let down today because the rest of the family bailed out on going to the Titanic museum, why not take her to a movie? The movie centers on Joe (Levitt) who is a Looper who works for a crime organization where hit men brings their victims to a time machine, send them back in time, and then he would shoot them, incinerate the bodies so there are no traces of them, and then they are wiped clean of anyone ever finding out. That's a pretty cool concept. If one happens to get away, their in big trouble. Well his future self (Willis) gets away and Joe is being hunted down by Daniels and his men.The sequence of events are fascinating. Apparently Willis has a backstory involving his dead wife and feels that if he finds the Rainmaker (who is creating loop holes) and kills him, he can save his wife from dying. So he has to go around and kill these kids that are linked to a number that supposedly means they were born on the same day and in the same hospital. Joe is trying to stop him, or himself, or whatever, and it becomes a pretty deep, involving film.It is a little weird. I'm not a big future movie fanatic as very seldom am I ever won over by futuristic films (see In Time). The stuff involving this kid with super powers was very weird, and some romance scene out of nowhere was pretty weird too.Despite that, the action was good and I enjoyed watching Gordon and Willis play off each other. I don't regret seeing this film but don't find myself rushing to buy it on DVD or Blu-Ray. If you like these actors, see it. It wasn't a boring movie, that's for sure.
평점: 9	리뷰: One of my favorite things about Looper is that it shows a fairly interesting gritty future reality and much of the writers' plotting actually makes sense.If you think about it, it makes a good deal of sense that the Loopers are paid via silver and gold bars. These precious metals hold a good deal of value through time, plus they have the added benefit of being probably a good bit cheaper in the future.The kid that plays young Cid does an excellent job with a very tricky part and Bruce Willis is of course amazing as usual. Joseph Gordon-Levitt shows some real acting chops, that we always knew he had anyway.The ending was a bit underwhelming, but is at least a bit feel-good. Fun sci-fi flick for science nerds.
평점: 3	리뷰: The near universal critical acclaim for 'Looper' is something I'm having a hard time fathoming. I suppose we haven't seen a great sci-fi thriller in such a long time, that as soon as a mediocre to average flick such as this one comes along, everyone is jumping on the bandwagon, practically calling it a masterpiece! My first problem with 'Looper' is the overall concept. A crime syndicate in the future (2074)wants to dispose of its victims by sending them 30 years back into the past and have them disposed of by hit men, who they pay with bars of silver. Once these hit men (the loopers) live their lives for thirty years, the syndicate decides to dispose of them by sending them back to 2044, where they'll be disposed of, sometimes even by their younger selves.It's explained that in the future bodies are 'tagged' so by sending them back in time, they cannot be traced. But why can't the syndicate send their victims in the present immediately back to 65 million B.C. where they would probably be immediately eaten by a dinosaur or other prehistoric animal, thus preventing the time-line from being tampered with? And by cutting out the middlemen (i.e. the loopers) in this way, the syndicate can keep all the profits for themselves.Once we're introduced to the novelty of the how the looper scheme operates, the novelty soon wears off. We see Joe (Joseph Gordon-Levitt) traveling to the cornfield and then performing executions one too many times. Finally, there's a plot twist: fellow looper Seth appears at Joe's apartment, explaining that his 30 year old self from the future appears in the cornfield and he's unable to finish the job. Abe, the enforcer from the future, forces Joe to betray Seth, who's tortured and his alter ego from the future is hunted down. You might ask what this has to do with time travel or science-fiction. Actually nothing--it's simply all action-thriller at this point in time in the script.Soon, Joe finds himself in the same position as Seth. His 30 year old future self (Bruce Willis) appears but manages to prevent younger Joe from doing him in. In a rather derivative idea borrowed from the 'Terminator' series, Willis must dispose of a child who will one day grow up to be the 'Rainmaker', the sinister figure in the future who is now bent on eliminating all the loopers.It might have been interesting had we seen what this Rainmaker character looked and acted like in the future, but that never occurs. We're asked to be content with meeting little Cid, our future Rainmaker, who has telekinetic powers coupled with a severe anger management problem. One is immediately reminded of Billy Mumy in the Season 3 Twilight Zone episode, "It's a Good Life", who plays a mutant who terrifies adults by 'wishing them away to the cornfield'. So the second half of 'Looper' feels much more like fantasy-horror than Sci-fi action thriller.The meeting between the younger and older Joes in the diner is perhaps the most interesting scene in the film as it underscores the contrast between the more impulsive younger self with the more seasoned, experienced older one. Unfortunately, there is hardly any additional interaction between the two altar egos, with older Joe stalking off to blow away Abe and his crew of malevolent meanies. In true Bruce Willis fashion, the aging 'Die Hard' legend, is up to his old tricks, by machine-gunning most of the bad guys, sans Kid Blue, who appears out of nowhere on his flying motorcycle and immediately gets himself killed, instead of Joe, who is his intended target.If the Looper second half feels a bit slower than the first, that's because director Rian Johnson spends a little too much time out on the farm, with Joe courting Sara (Emily Blunt). Although there's a feeling that we've seen this before, the ending proves to be passable as we finally have something to feel good about. Younger Joe sacrifices himself, preventing older Joe from killing Sara. He does this after he's able to foresee that Cid, growing up as the Rainmaker, will hold a perpetual grudge due to the murder of his mother and will take it out on all of humanity (including all the loopers) in the future.Unfortunately, Joe's sacrifice, is not enough to make either young Joe or older Joe, likable. Younger Joe, before he takes his own life, is a criminal and a drug addict and older Joe, is responsible for murdering the second child on his list of three potential Rainmakers. In terms of a sympathetic protagonists, there's little to like here at all.'Looper' is also unable to score points with its look at the dystopian future. One feels that one is simply viewing a second hand set from 'Robocop'--in that film, 'Old Detroit' looks remarkably similar to Looper's Kansas City of 2044 including the grimy 'futuristic' cars and emphasis on vagrancy as a national blight.The performances in Looper are all acceptable, with an honorable mention going to little Pierce Gagnon as Cid, who manages to handle a number of complicated lines and take direction in a fashion way above his chronological age.In the end, Looper proves only mildly interesting. While some of the action sequences are entertaining, the sci-fi premise is not developed into something clever enough to deserve all the the accolades that have been heaped upon it to date.
평점: 10	리뷰: Looper,wow! I'm writing this less than an hour after seeing the film, and the emotions rushing throughout my mind are nothing short of intriguing. This movie will make you want to instantly see it again. To be completely honest, I have to see this movie again, for a number of reasons. The first reason, is that this movie is daring, and I love that about it; it experiments with obscure camera angles and a number of changes in the plot, as well as the progression of the story. Kim Newman, from "Empire" described this movie absolutely perfectly. She said, "Looper isn't perfect, but it pulls off the full Wizard Of Oz: it has a brain, courage and a heart." The first part is key, "Looper isn't perfect." Nothing is perfect and no movie is, they come close, and sometimes too close to call, but still, nothing is perfect. Thats the beauty of film, and the genius of this film. It knows that it cannot be perfect, so it decides to experiment, and push the audiences buttons. For the first few minutes, one cannot help but marvel at the beauty, as well as the scope of it. Each scene is shot perfectly, and in theaters gives the viewer quite the rush. You may think you know what your getting into, but you have no idea, and I refuse to spoil it, it would be unfair to the reader to be robbed of such an experience. Not only is the cinematography spectacular, the acting is some of the best I've seen. Joseph Gordon-Levitt is nothing short of amazing, and the rest of the cast does a pretty damn good job, if I do say so myself. For me, the best part about this film was the emotion. There were scenes that made me shiver, at how horrifying they were, and at how much feeling the actor was radiating. In short, if you haven't scene this film, go see it, I refuse to take no for an answer. If you have, go see it again, I definitely will be.
평점: 7	리뷰: You cannot think about this movie seriously or you'll go nuts. As with all time travel movies , the paradox problem is always there of course not to mention the numerous plot holes which can never be explained. Like why was time travel illegal in the future ? and why was it not possible to dispose of bodies in the future,it's mentioned that people were tagged,in what way could someone be found if they were atomized in a vat of acid or similar way of disposal?.Or Why not just go back in time like Bruce Willis'character does and kill the person when they are a defenseless child and erase them from existence. But if you do that then they wouldn't have existed in the future you came from in the first place.Too many things that are not theoretically possible.Like if you die in the past, your future self would never exist which basically makes the whole movie a huge plot hole which is always going to be the case involving time travel movies. I did like the first half of the movie but the second half bogged down way too much and the ending too abrupt and too many questions left unanswered/unexplained. 7/10
평점: 7	리뷰: Don't get me wrong; this movie is very well made. It was well acted, shot and directed. I was never bored.But I started out watching a movie about a hit man who shoots mob victims sent back in time from the future, and knows that his final victim will be his older self. Interesting idea--even if it's not very plausible. But okay, let's just run with it. That's the movie I saw in the trailers, the one I expected to see.So, when his future self comes back, present-day self hesitates for a moment and future self gets the drop on him and runs off. Now present-day self must hunt down and kill future self. Also interesting.SPOILER FOLLOWSBut then, it's all about a telekinetic farm kid who will one day rule the world with an iron fist. . . er, brain. . . if he isn't stopped.Huh. . . ? Where the hell did that come from? I know, I know, it's foreshadowed by showing us that 10% of the population has trivial telekinetic powers. They can make coins float above their hands.But to me, this film starts one story and then switches in mid-stream to a story stemming from a second, unrelated science fiction premise.While it was refreshing that the movie didn't just turn into a series of action sequences in which JGL tries to kill BW (which would have been a pretty one-sided conflict, admittedly) I found this shift in emphasis to be far more distracting than Joseph Gordon-Levitt's prosthetic nose. Which I never had a problem with.Anyway, I appear to be the only one bothered by this so just go ahead and enjoy the movie.
평점: 9	리뷰: Has the future started yet? I was wondering that yesterday, when I pulled out my iPhone (4 not 5, i'm not that hip), and watched as a tiny blue orb representing me moved from a bus stop to a theatre, where I'd see a movie with a ticket I had purchased out of thin air with my phone. All of this, accomplished with the touch of my finger. Sure, it's not teleporters and laser guns, but the gap between our present, and the expectations older generations had for it, is rapidly closing. Which is probably why science fiction keeps coming back to the few ideas that have always seemed beyond our reach, like time travel. For as insane, probably impossible, as its existence might be, we've gone out of our way to make sure that whoever finds it first can just watch a movie or read a book to figure out which rules were right. It might be as simple as Back to the Future, or as paralyzingly complex as Primer. What makes Rian Johnson's take on the concept, Looper, so fascinating, is that it's interested in the motives behind time travel, not the mechanics. As futuristic assassin Joe (Joseph Gordon-Levitt) lay's out matter-of-factly, time travel is a part of life 30 years from now, even if it won't be invented for another 60. Crime lords of the year 2074 maintain a monopoly on the technology, using it to extradite troublemakers from their time to 2044, to be eliminated by low-level triggermen called loopers. A high-ranking transplant from the future, Abe (Jeff Daniels), organizes the hits, and was responsible for setting an orphaned Joe on a path: be at the right place, at the right time, dispose of the anonymous person who appears there, and be rewarded with money, respect, and any number of immediate pleasures. The opening act is like a good piece of pulpy short fiction, showing us what would happen if the noir-influenced world of Johnson's first film, Brick, were left to rust. It's all blown-out windows and busted rain gutters, where the sign outside the local looper gin joint, La Belle Aurore, is written in font you'd find on the cover of any James Ellroy novel. It's a world going to hell slowly enough to not cause a panic, just a creeping sense of dread, but the drapes change every few years so that no one notices that the building is burning down. "Loopers aren't the most forward thinking bunch," Joe says of his colleagues, which is as true for him as everyone else (tellingly, the looper weapon of choice, retro blunderbusses, only have a range of 15 feet). As part of his contract, he'll eventually have to kill his future self, sent back in time to the present in order to wipe out any evidence they ever existed. Failing to "close the loop" has fatal consequences for both vintages of the Looper, as evidenced by a gut-churning sequence where an older looper on the lam dissolves, bit by bit, as his former self is slowly butchered. Despite his greater awareness of what the world has become, and where it is heading, Joe just uses this knowledge to rationalize his own series of bad, self- interested decisions. If the party's almost over, might as well get yours before the music stops. When Joe screws up the hit on his future self (Bruce Willis), they both become the target, the difference being that Older Joe comes with a mission: find those responsible for sending him back from 2074, and kill them in the past. And just when you think Looper is going to reach for the throttle, Johnson reins it in, and starts to pull the rug out from under you. There are still a number of gritty and violent shootouts ahead, and plenty more time-bending logistics, but instead of turning up to full boil, Looper settles into a slow burn, and his stylish action flick transforms into a sci-fi-infused character study. That two key pieces of the ensemble -a steely farm owner (Emily Blunt) and her gifted son (Pierce Gagnon)- aren't introduced until the midpoint shows the deliberate measures Johnson takes to invest us in a story of a man about as literally at war with himself as possible. Willis, as the world-weary Old Joe, at first seems like the embodiment of all the signposts from the future that young Joe has been ignoring, a living warning of what a life of nihilistic complacency can lead to. Yet Johnson constructs his characters with deep histories- not just backstories, but lifetimes of hard choices and tragedy, made apparent through a line of dialogue or just a look. What becomes clear is that the events of the past aren't what's obdurate, it's the people. With nods to Akira, Twelve Monkeys and even a bit of Superman, Johnson's eclectic tastes are fuelled by just the right amount of the quirk that could overpower many moments of his last film, The Brothers Bloom. And the look recalls another think piece, Tree of Life, only one that backs up the dreamy visuals with some lucid thinking. Well, too a point. The technicals of time travel are mostly elided by Old Joe giving a hand-waving explanation that the exact details are "cloudy." This will irk purists and create as much discussion about the story's mechanics as its themes, but it's so, so much more about the latter than the former. When the powerful finale arrives, and three generations of people are forced to make choices about what they want the future to be, it feels relevant, and urgent. If that's not the hallmark of great science fiction, then what is?
평점: 10	리뷰: In the not so distant future 2044, "Looper's" exist to provide an execution service for a more distant future 2074, where time travel has been invented. Undesirables are sent back in time and Looper's effectively erase them in the future by killing them now.Bodies cannot be disposed of in 2074 without paperwork, it's much easier to "outsource" your killing to a time where life is cheap and the administration overheads are less.One such Looper is "Joe" (Joseph Gordon-Levitt), he drives out to a deserted field for his 11:30am appointment, spreads out a sheet to prevent a mess. Person appears, "Boom" with his Blunderbuss, collect silver sent back as payment, dispose of the body and repeat.R & R constitutes getting high with a hallucinogenic drop administered via eye drops. The world Joe inhabits is not pretty, thumping nightclubs, hobos and lawlessness pervades in the streets, it's a dystopian nightmare with a capital D.Joes does not have buddies as such, this is not a business where you make friends, the one he does have, creates a pivotal turning point early in the film.When the criminal bosses in the distant future want to "close the Loop", the Looper himself is sent back to be executed by their youthful self. They arrive complete with a gold bar bonus, signifying their time is up, they then have thirty years in which to enjoy their booty before they get sent back to be eliminated.Joe and the Looper team realise that a lot of Loops are closing and times are changing. If a Looper lets a execution go awry and they have a runner on their hands, this is not a good result for the Looper or runner, a very bad situation indeed.Tasked with ensuring compliance in 2044 is "Abe" (Jeff Daniels), sent back through time to make sure the space time continuum does not get messed up, he rules through fear and ruthless enforcement.When the older version of "Joe" (Bruce Willis) is sent back to be erased, this proves to be a catalyst for a series of events that throws the messy but orderly status quo into chaos.The story is strong, at times difficult to follow but does unravel slowly to provide a worthwhile and believable world. Time travel in movies is notoriously difficult to pull off, as one character says, "if you think about it too much, it will just fry your brain". However, just when you believe that the Director and Screenwriter Rian Johnson has painted himself into a corner, he manages to pull off a satisfying conclusion.There is considerable violence, although not wholly gratuitous. Many actions that would have added to the carnage are shown off screen, the film also flirts with a movie taboo, certainly for Bruce Willis to carry out the actions he undertakes, is a very different path for him to travel.There are times when you forget that you are effectively rooting for the bad guys, there are no good guys. Whether the Loops are being closed for a higher purpose, which may become apparent by the films conclusion, is open for debate. In fact, this is a film that is made for Internet discussion, theories will abound and may prompt further film visits to this world in the future.If there is a moral, in a world with none, it perhaps asks how far would you go to have, experience and even remember the life you wanted. Would you kill to protect it and if so, who would you sacrifice.The acting is of a high standard, Levitt, Daniels and Dano excel. Willis is an older version of the Willis we know, although his scenes with a younger lover do stretch the boundaries of good taste a little. Levitt looks physically different due to the prosthetic he wears, to make him appear similar to a younger Bruce Willis.Emily Blunt adds another solid character to her resume as Sara, sexy, strong and with her young son Pierce Gagnon, scarily good. The film borders on light horror in later scenes and certainly some images and intent may be considered disturbing for some.Any film that is not a sequel, is largely original and makes you think, is to be treasured. This movie because of it's complexity, does introduce several "realisation" segments, that delightful moment where a piece fits into place. Much like "Sixth Sense" but taking a much less big bang "Twister alert" approach, a film to misunderstand and then slowly comprehend, like "Memento" rather than a "twist" as such.Certainly the audience reaction was stunned silence, at this viewers showing at the Multiplex.Summary A Sc-Fi treat that blends the best of the genre (Inception) but comes up with something fresh and original with excellent performances and a cracking story that will permeate long after the credits roll.Not to everyone's taste due to the subject matter but for those that enjoy a good Sci-Fi thriller, mixed with a chase movie with tinges of horror, this is as good as it gets.
평점: 2	리뷰: This was a film i was really looking forward to being a Sci Fi fanatic but this film was a huge let down.I was unlucky enough to get to see this a week before release due to have a Cineworld unlimited card, and what a load of crap it was,. The film is completely stupid the mob in the future sending people back in time to get wacked because disposal of a body is almost impossible in the future. However time travel is also highly illegal and one of the worst offences you can do so carries a high charge than murder so all seems silly. Any way story aside this film is down right boring nothing really happens most of the film takes place in a field and i was expecting more than that. I also didn't like the fact that they included telekinesis in this film as it seemed completely pointless and they still didn't use it to its full extent. For example the Rainmaker is said to have killed loads of people in the future there should definitely have been a scene showing this as it would have instantaneously made the film much better.I would give this film 2/10 initially it was a 6.5 but the more i though a bout it the more i hated it.
평점: 8	리뷰: "Joseph Gordon-Levitt re-teams with Rian Johnson to create a film that is imaginative as much as it is stylised" Joseph Gordon-Levitt has been having a year that feels like he his trying to become a box-office king making films about bats and bikes. His new film is another collaboration with writer/director Rian Johnson after 2005's "Brick". The story seems simple about Joe who is a looper who are people who are sent people from the future to kill because time travel is illegal in the future and it's hard to get rid of a body in the future. But when you are a looper after your future self has reached a certain age they are sent back to be killed which is called let go of your looper.When Joe's older self is sent back he fails to kill him and is hunted down as well as older Joe. They meet in a dinner to discuss what the plan is where Older Joe says in the future there is a man called the Rainmaker who they can stop in the present time but when they are found they map is split and each go off to marked areas. Young goes to a farm with a mother and son while older goes to the other two locations trying the kill the boy that will become the rainmaker. At the farm is Sara and her son Cid have a secret that was the whole point of Older Joe going back in time.Joseph Gordon-Levitt tried his best to be a young Bruce Willis by adapting the voice of Bruce, also the makeup distracting at times helped him with his look. Bruce Willis was OK but again it is not his movie, all he was used for was to be 80's action star Bruce and he is very good at doing that. Emily Blunt was at times believable as a southern farm girl but other times she felt iffy to me. The biggest surprise for me was Pierce Gagnon as Cid who played the character especially since he was five when he made the film.I liked this film very much and Rian Johnson is very creative especially in his directing skills which have developed drastically over the years from his first movie throughout his TV work and much more. The visual effects simple very effective and with a limited budget Johnson made the most of what he had. His casting was also smart but even though JGL looks nothing like Bruce it was the makeup artists that changed my mind on the idea.MOVIE GRADE: B+ (MVP: Joseph Gordon-Levitt)
평점: 7	리뷰: Looper is writer-director Rian Johnson's highly rated third film. It stars Joseph Gordon-Levitt, Bruce Willis and Emily Blunt. I'm going to start right off the bat here and I say it is overrated. Completely overrated. However, I still do think the film is good. I mean, I'd probably watch it again, but it doesn't deserve the rating it gets. The acting wasn't even that good from everyone, it dragged on a bit and there was tons of stupid and unrealistic crap. Also, the whole film is not memorable. When you make a film that is mind-bending a lot of people tend to pretend that they like it, even if they didn't understand it, and a lot of people tend to not like it because they didn't understand it. I don't think that is the case here, as this film isn't really mind-bending. It's just action attempting to be logical, and it does so, but I think it thinks that it is smarter than it is and so it tries to bring too much logic to action. The film couldn't decide whether it was action or logical. Because all action is mindless. I did like the film however, I mean, it was enjoyable, as all action films attain to be. And, as I said, in that aspect it succeeds. But it tires too hard to be more than action and that was the wrong choice. It is highly overrated and a bit predictable with a load of stupid crap thrown in. But then again, the stupid crap comes with action and that's what this is. The acting wasn't too great if I'm honest. But you could tell that they were having fun, along with Rian Johnson, and along with me.A solid 7/10.
평점: 9	리뷰: In the future, a man working as a Looper works for the mob and kill people who are sent blindfolded back in time from the year 2072 by their Bosses.When his looped has ended, he has to kill himself thirty years from his time.He hesitates resulting in the escape of his older self......Having only seen one trailer, and purposely ignoring reviews and further trailer, I was expecting some sort of action adventure where the the younger and older Joe team up and take on the mob.How wrong I was. It's not the masterpiece it's made out to be by no means, it has huge gaping plot holes, so don't go in expecting something original, but that's not a huge criticism, time travel movies always have some sort of problem, so I just go with the movie, like I did with this.Even though it's not original, it's very intelligent, and once we go thought the second time Joe meets himself, it changes it's path on a whole different route.When the film changes pace is when older Joe realises his younger self is not doing what he should be doing (it's tricky to explain) and this is where the film takes a little turn on the Terminator path.Older Joe has to do something unforgivable, in order to change his future, while younger Joe has to decipher a code which could mean something about his future. If you go with it, and just forgive the less plausible parts, it's an amazing movie.Willis hasn't been this good in a very long time, and Levitt proves again he is one of the best young actors around today. Blunt turns up hallway through the second act, and the film again, turns its narrative structure on its headJohnson has made a well crafted film. But many have classed this as the new Matrix, that's a load of rubbish, this has nothing at all to do with that movie, here we have a film more in common with Source Code, The Terminator, Twelve Monkeys, and in a little sub- plot involving a child Children of The Corn.There are some great set pieces, one in particular involving disappearing body parts and addresses appearing on your body, and surprisingly, it's a very violent movie in places.But the ending is very somber, yet happy, and what Levitt says bought a tear to my eye.So once again, not the masterpiece many have said, but go with and you will find one of the most different science fiction movies released in a while
평점: 5	리뷰: TIME travel is a popular theme in movies as it allows directors to postulate the idea of humans travelling across time either to change the past (Terminator, 1984) or to realise that you can't change the past (Twelve Monkeys, 1995).In 'Terminator', John Connor sends a rebel soldier back in time to save his yet-to-conceive mother from a cyborg attack. The mother conceives a baby with the soldier and the baby grows up to be John Connor. Viewers must accept the fact that the foetus continues to live even after the soldier dies.In 'Twelve Monkeys', in a bleak future caused by a virus attack, a man (Bruce Willis) is sent back in time to find out what caused the attack. The future society accepts that it can't change the past; it just wants to finds out what caused the present situation. In this movie, the adult Willis meets his child self. He also dies in the past, but his child self lives.The past comes alive once again in writer-director Rian Johnson's Looper, about a bunch of assassins who kill scumbag sent back in time.Here's how it works. Villains 30 years into the future send back those they want killed. The loopers blast these baddies into oblivion, get rid of the bodies and pocket a sizable amount of silver for their deeds. The catch is, the villains must knock off these loopers in 30 years to "close the loop".I found all of this rather confusing, and if most viewers are like me, they'll spend most of their time figuring out what's going on instead of enjoying the movie.Young Joe (Joseph Gordon-Levitt in swept-back hair, a fake nose and darkened eyebrows) is immensely rich because of his unusual profession. He snorts drugs (eyedrops), drives around in his sports car, goes clubbing and enjoys the services of an escort, single mum Suzie (Piper Perabo)The landscape of the future is pretty much similar to what you've seen in other movies, but there are more street people and shooting thieves is definitely allowed. In this case, Looper misses a chance to comment on the social discontent brewing in the streets. And if it didn't do so, then why show these scenes?Young Joe moves to Shanghai, China, and becomes Old Joe (Willis), who marries Summer Qing (Qing Xu). There's not much talk between them, and I presume she's in the movie to open doors into China's huge market.Old Joe thinks he's reached nirvana, but his 30-year tenure is up and he must now face his own extinction. He blames a new villain called the Rainmaker for breaking up his idyllic lifestyle.He escapes his fate and travels back in time, narrowly escaping being killed by Young Joe.Old Joe tells him that they should find and kill the young Rainmaker, who just happens to be in the county they're in.All this talk and lack of a female presence means its time to introduce the lovely Sara (Emily Blunt), a farmer whose son Cid (Pierce Gagnon) is 10 and is one of three suspects scheduled for termination by the Joes.It's interesting to note that an assault on Young Joe is felt by Old Joe, which is really cool, but not until you realise that this first happened in Frequency (2000).In the meantime, syndicate boss Abe (Jeff Daniels) is hot on their heels, so all this makes for a lively finale, if you have the patience to sit through this remake of Terminator.www.jeffleemovies.com
평점: 8	리뷰: What would you do if an older version of yourself appeared from the future one day and told you to follow his orders?! Well that's one scenario posed in Looper, a wonderful science fiction film about time- travel and gangsters, starring Bruce Willis, who clearly did not get enough of travelling through time in 12 Monkeys. Trying to summarise the plot into mere words is actually quite a challenge, but here goes:Our main character Joseph Simmons (played by Joseph Gordon-Levitt) is a Looper, that is, somebody who kills people sent to him from the future by a gang, and disposes of the body in his present time, meaning they cannot be traced, as technically, they have not been born yet (kind of like the story in Terminator) . One thing leads to another and soon Joseph finds himself being told to execute himself, i.e an older version of himself from the future (Willis). Willis tries to convince his younger self to follow destiny and do what he says, but will his younger self listen or end up killing his older self? Confusion pretty much sums it up. Add in a few gangsters and mass gun fights, and you end up with a pretty good film.Nevertheless, the film actually presents the time quantum physics plot in a clear manner, and after seeing some intelligent/absurd ideas being depicted (cut a message on yourself, and your older version will see the message on their subsequent body!), the film is ultimately about destiny and regret, would you change your own destiny if you had the chance? Would you kill somebody to make your own future better? A pretty deep film that slightly lost it's way in the second half of the film, when the action switches to a massive farm (featuring Emily Blunt) and loses its pace, but does actually feature the greatest acting performance by a 10 year old I have ever seen. Amazing.Good, good film that you won't regret watching, or if you do, you can just travel back in time and avoid it. I think.8/10
평점: 4	리뷰: The premise of the movie sounds great murder isn't possible in the future so they have to have people do it in the past, great idea, with several problems, firstly why transport a person through time and not a slip of paper with their name, you could then erase them from the time line and thus prevent the need to try and kill them, no bother of disposing of a body from the future, no problem with someone finding the motive because It doesn't exists yet. Even if you accept that there could be consequences you couldn't foresee why not kill the people and send them back for disposal. The plot of this movie just isn't as good as it seemed on paper, once you look beneath the surface it looks a little weak. You have the standard problem of time travel, the very act changes the future so that it isn't needed, by going back in time you change events so you never go back in time, and hey presto movie paradox.Apart from this the movie just seems dull, it starts to heat up, with some great and clever scenes but then it dies just as quickly and leaves the audience unengaged, an little over an hour into it and people are looking at their watches wondering how much more they need to watch, I think a little of this has been from the marketing, it's being shown to be more action orientated than it is, more complex than it is and just more than it is. Some of the touches in the movie are good, the solar cells used to power just about everything is a nice touch and a nod to the coming fuel crisis, but these little touches cannot cover up the gaping holes in the movie, I wanted this movie to be good because it had everything it needed, unfortunately it didn't come out as it could have.
평점: 9	리뷰: I was extremely excited for this movie, because of the plot, the trailer and Joseph GORDON- LEVITT!! My favorite actor. And oh boy, was it great! The movie was everything i could've hoped for, and a little more. The acting is top-notch from everybody, but i want to point out JGL, for being amazing at portraying Willis. The look of the film was beautiful, and almost every frame in the film was unique and fascinating. The camera angles and movements were great too, thank to Rian Johnson the director who also did a GREAT job! I loved the first part of the film, it explained everything really well, and i was pumped to see what was going to happen. I thought you knew most of the film from the trailer, but i was wrong. The little boy, Cid, was amazing and i loved his character. The scene where he killed Jesse by screaming, is a scene I won't forget in the recent time. Last the ending; I have to admit I did not see it coming when Young Joe shot himself, I was sure he was going to shoot Old Joe, but again i was positively surprised. At first i didn't get the ending fully, but when i got home did some research i started loving the movie even more. First i thought i was going to give it an 8,5 but as the day went on, i realized just how great it was, and raised it to 9,5. In my opinion this movie is a classic.I LOVED IT! Go see it, you will discuss with your friends a long time after you've seen it, and that is a great quality of the movie :)
평점: 10	리뷰: I thought this was going to be a run of the mill Bruce Willis lots of explosions movie and of course there were lots of explosions BUT the film changes from what you expect into something much deeper, about half way through you realise the trailer hasn't done this movie justice, some parts of it I was actually shocked at but I can't tell you why without spoiling the movie.. It's not the usual good guy/bad guy and time travel fare, it's much deeper than that and explores the issues in novel and sometimes shocking ways but the last 30 minutes of the movie blew me away...totally unexpected... I enjoyed this movie very much and it left me thinking thinking thinking afterwards.
평점: 5	리뷰: In 2044 Kansas, with time travel possible but illegal, former orphan-turned-assassin Joseph Gordon-Levitt inadvertently allows his time-jumping target to escape, only to learn the 'looper' is himself as a middle-aged man, back from the future to stop a notorious, telekinetic killer before he comes into power--and murders his beloved wife. Complicated set-up is actually laid out quite smoothly, with a concise Gordon-Levitt voice-over and good work from both he and Bruce Willis. Other elements of the film, such as Jeff Daniels' casting as a no-nonsense syndicate boss and Emily Blunt as a single mother on a farm (who adds plenty of nonsense), do not work. Well-made film (with Gordon-Levitt serving as one of the producers) tries for big, ironic meanings in its final stages, but still can't escape a certain déjà vu, with echoes of "The Terminator" reverberating throughout. ** from ****
평점: 10	리뷰: Looper begins by introducing us to Joe(Joseph Gordon-Levitt) who is a looper, a man who kills people sent back in time from 30 years in the future. In the future the mob has a hard time killing people so they utilize the outlawed method of time travel to cover their tracks by sending their victims back in time before they exist. Loopers get to live life large as they are paid handsomely and don't have to worry about the interference of the law as they are killing people who do not technically exist. The catch is that loopers will eventually "close their loop" by killing older versions of themselves once the mob of the future decides that they are no longer of use to them. Things start to become to get a lot more real for Joe when his friend and fellow looper Seth(Paul Dano) lets his older self get away. Joe tries to cover for Seth by hiding him, but eventually Joe's boss Abe(Jeff Daniels) is able to talk him down and convinces Joe to turn Seth over. Not long after this Joe's older self(Bruce Willis) appears as one of his targets without a hood on which causes Joe to hesitate. Old Joe gets away, but the two eventually reunite in a diner they are both familiar with. In what is possibly one of the strongest scenes in the entire movie, the two confront each other as old Joe tries to convince young Joe to skip town and leave him to work. Eventually the two both lay their cards on the table and a really cool fight ensues. Once the two separate the movie slows down as the movie begins setting up for some truly tough and thought provoking moral dilemmas that will challenge both versions of Joe.Read the full review: http://wp.me/p1tyJd-hu
평점: 8	리뷰: Time travel is confusing. Once you think you may have a grasp on it and have ironed out the 'what-ifs', a new paradox will pop up and collapse your argument which was a house of cards anyways. There are too many holes, and especially plot holes, when you try to rationally reason through what it means to travel through time and change the past. Once time travel is invented, hasn't it always been invented then? If you go back in time and change something, will you just disappear because your specific future no longer exists?Looper sidesteps this whole enigma by having old Joe (Bruce Willis) tell his younger self that there is no use trying to figure it all out; it will just confuse you. This one statement immediately smooths out the conversation he is having with young Joe (Joseph Gordon-Levitt), the audience's mental gymnastics, and while still leaving them right there in front of you, chooses to ignore the Grand Canyon sized plot holes. If you spend enough time with a pen and a sheet of paper, you will most likely identify a dozen or so glaring issues with jumping back through time, but where is the fun in that? With Looper, it is enough to recognize you have a creative story to watch and gifted actors to watch carry it out.The year is 2044, not so far in the future to imagine teleportation and interstellar flight, but far enough to dream up new technology, weapons, and illicit drugs. 2044 is quite similar to today's reality, but its every day norms and today's extreme edges magnified by 1000. There are hover motorcycles, currency is literally based on gold and silver, and the drug all the kids are using is administered through eyedrops and appears to have the effects as cocaine. There is also some glaring income inequality, you either have money or you do not; there is no middle class. The city landscape shows thousands of people living on the sidewalks and sometimes in the middle of the street. If someone steals from you, it looks like you are allowed to pull out your personal shotgun and teach them a severe lesson. Young Joe is a looper. At a specific time and always in the same place, the edge of a corn field, a hooded person will appear out of nowhere and all Joe has to do is immediately pull the trigger on his weapon and get rid of the body. These unfortunate souls are being sent back through time from 30 years in the future where time travel is illegal; therefore, it has morphed into a black market time travel system run by the mob. Young Joe is paid handsomely to do these simple tasks and spends the rest of his day and most of the night going to a club to drink, dance, take drugs, and spend time with Suzie (Piper Perabo), his favorite lady of the evening. There are rules to follow though. Since the system is run by the mob, breaking the rules is frowned upon. I will not go into the rules because young Joe does a good job explaining to you what they are. In his film noir, gravelly voice, which is trying to match a young Bruce Willis in style, Joe opens the movie and brings you up to speed on what has been happening with the time travel business and his specific spot on the food chain. He has looper friends with Seth (Paul Dano) as his closest one and he gets called in to see the boss, Abe (Jeff Daniels), from time to time. Other than that, young Joe is really running his own loop with his day job and his nightly activities.Old Joe effectively ends that routine as soon as he pops into the corn field out of thin air. One would think that young Joe would have some questions or would want to cut his older self some slack, but no such luck. Young Joe enjoys his current situation and is in no frame of mind to have it messed with, even if it is a version of him doing the interrupting. Old Joe is on a quest to change the past and does not seem too pleased to run into his former self either. These two are the same man, but they certainly are different people. Joseph Gordon-Levitt is really the leading man here because Willis is in more of a supporting role and has noticeably less screen time; however, Bruce still gets top billing on the poster and in the credits. I wonder if that chafes Gordon-Levitt? Both Gordon-Levitt and Willis are very good here. On one hand, they are playing the same person and must try and match each other's facial ticks and mannerisms, but on the other hand, Gordon-Levitt is playing a kid against Willis's older and yes, wiser, character. Another supporting character is Sara (Emily Blunt) but I leave it to you to discover her role. Sara is saddled with most of the slower scenes in the middle which drag on a bit, but it's good to take a break from Joe, both young and old, after awhile. Looper was written and directed by Rian Johnson (Brick, The Brothers Bloom) who should be commended for sitting down and puzzling through what must have been a very arduous screenplay. You will not understand the physics of how everything works in Looper (probably because the physics actually don't work), but you don't have to. Let young and old Joe worry about that. You just get the pleasure of sitting back and enjoying an original, thought-provoking, and well made sci-fi, action thriller.
평점: 8	리뷰: Actually this movie is rather good. It could have higher marks and more exciting reviews. But it doesn't.It is not "12 monkeys", or "Die Hard". It will not start new genre. And most probably you will not buy it to add to home collection.For one time movie this one has all it needs: it has it's fun moments, and really sad ones. Willis and Gordon-Levitt do perform quite well. And supporting cast is great.What I mostly disliked were other two key characters. That you will not see in trailers. And I really didn't like the final.But you may disagree after watching. So I emphasize it once more: this movie is well worth seeing.
평점: 4	리뷰: I hate to be a cynic but I have a hard time believing that the 8.5/10 rating on IMDb is genuine. As for originality, I guess the film could be described as a unique combination of other story lines but definitely nothing innovative. It moved quite slow at times and there are also some serious contradictions and plot holes. In the future, homeless people fill the streets and the US resembles a third world country, yet all of the high rise building are brand new and futuristic. The cars use solar panels to power internal combustion engines which would never be a possibility. In the end, the main character commits suicide, causing his future self to disappear. If he had killed himself at his younger age, the older self wouldn't have existed. There are also some unbelievable coincidences that keep the story moving. I am sure the filmmaker would have some complex explanation but I base my realities on known science and if they have an alternative science, it should have been introduced.
평점: 7	리뷰: Johnson made the Back to the Future series look like a joke. What was great about this film is that it didn't glorify the future, it joked about it. Johnson keeps you on the edge of your seat, glued to the screen with quick dialog, deep thinking, and has you reflect how you will change when the future comes.Willis was great. He brought back that hard ass attitude that's subtle and addictive. What I didn't like was the screen time amount between him and Gordon-Levitt, they could have added a few minutes to keep these two stars glowing. The end massacre goes off a little too big, but it's something you'd like to see from Willis (I won't spoil it from you).Gordon-Levitt's makeup was top notch. He brought on Willis' scowl and his brows really defined his youthful attitude. It's definitely Johnson's influence that keeps Gordon-Levitt a lovable face on the screen because he provides a sense of innocence, logical attitude, and human emotions.The simplicity of futuristic gadgets, human evolutionary changes, and citizenship really lets you think where our modern society is going. Everyone carries a shotgun around and crime is second nature deep in the city.If you're looking for something to enjoy and not waste your money, this movie is it. Date movie, guy movie, and a teen movie - it's all rolled into one.
평점: 9	리뷰: By the movie trailer, I thought I knew what to expect from Looper. I thought it would be a semi-mindless sci-fi action movie with little character development and a weak plot. Boy was I wrong.Looper does have action, it is a futuristic sci-fi movie, yet it is also deep. There is a lot of character development and you really thirst for knowledge about the characters past, or future. It is more violent and there is a bit more swearing that I originally would have thought, however the it is the simple ideas and plot developments which are so well depicted and directed throughout the film which amazed me.Joseph Gordon-Levitt was great and considering the role, of being the young Bruce Willis, he did great. Levitt is the main character, though his older future self, Bruce Willis also holds quite a large role too.You may have noticed in the trailer that Joseph Gordon-Levitt does not look quite like himself. This is true because they digitally altered his face, eyes and nose to look like Bruce Willis's rugged mug. They really did a great job of doing this and I was honestly quite surprised.As far as the story goes, I was caught off guard about a lot of things. There are a few twists in the plot, however they are more like surprises that I did not see coming which further advance the story and what you think you may know about the characters.Over-all Looper was a great sci-fi action movie and it is one of the better movies I have seen all year. I do plan on purchasing this on Blu-ray the day it is available.Highly recommended.
평점: 8	리뷰: Rian Johnson did a great job on this ambitious film. Loopers combines 4 genres - sci-fi, thriller, drama and, this is the one that surprised me most, horror. While the action and the suspense were excellent it took me some time to buy into Joseph Gordon Levitt's character perhaps because there was little to like about a party guy who's sole focus was his own survival. The story's core however is philosophical and reminded me of an excellent book that came out several years ago called The Secret Lives of Boys. Watch the movie to see how they make it call come together! I am thrilled to see to see guys like Rian getting their movies made and doing a great job in the process. Bravo!
평점: 9	리뷰: While Hollywood has taken a beating in terms of rehashes and remakes; some really good like "Dredd 3d" and of course the Nolan Batman films as well as several others worth mentioning, they're are of course a few gems that are original in concept and narrative. "Looper" the latest Sci-Fi film from director Riam Johnson is such a refreshing and original concept that I couldn't help but be immersed in it's well-constructed and thrillingly acted atmosphere.The premise is something I've never seen on paper before and no doubt I was confused as the well-written plot unfolded on screen. Many of the ideas presented in "Looper" are very unheard of and I for one was caught up in the film while trying to pick up things as it went along. I'm looking forward to a second and third viewing in order to fully understand and appreciate it's complex plot with many twists and turns that kept me on the edge of my seat.But the best parts of this film is the plot and characters. Oodles of character development, which is very important for a film, is prevalent hear with personal relationships, revelations; everything you want in a film and more. Since this is an action film, the action scenes are well done as well as the special effects, which are thankfully not numerous as seen in other films, but the complement, rather than overwhelm the film which lets the audience concentrate more on the story. Some say that the pacing was a little too slow; I tend to disagree as any film with this richness deserves to be savored at a methodical pace and thankfully "Looper" gives me that and more. I'd choose this film over Expendables 2 anything as that film is, pardon the pun "expendable".Acting wise everyone does a good job with the wonderful material they are given with. With high-calibre actors such as Joseph Gordon-Levitt, Bruce Willis, Emily Blunt and Jeff Daniels, every scene they are in(especially the diner scene) they chew it up with irony and delivery.I had a really good time with "Looper". A film that is so original that it's complex and confusing(in a good way)plot definitely demands repeat viewings and rewards you for doing so. Challenging and intriguing, "Looper" is one of the best Sci-Fi films of the year and also the most well-written and acted. Rian Johnson is one director to watch out for and I can't wait to see what he comes up with next.
평점: 9	리뷰: Time travel has been something integrated in cinema for decades now. Usually, when you hear about a film with some sort of time travel element involved, you're in for a fairly cheesy ride, full of plot holes. Very rarely can a film take a premise so out of this world, and make it grounded in reality. I am very happy to say that "Looper" is one of those rare occasions.The film takes place in 2042, Kansas City. Time travel has not yet been invented, however, in 2072, it has. The mob in 2072 sends their target back in time 30 years, where a Looper will than shoot the body on site and dispose of its remains, making it forever untraceable. Joseph Gordon-Levitt (500 Days of summer, The Dark Knight Rises) plays a Looper named Joe; he is the youngest Looper to be hired. Always doing his job without hesitation, he doesn't look at their faces or ask any questions, he just gets his job done and collects his money. However, his life takes dramatic twist when one day, he is face to face with an older version of himself.That's about as much of the plot that I will give away, going into to this movie as fresh as you can will benefit your cinematic experience, dramatically. The film is written and directed by Rian Johnson, who made his directorial debut with the detective film noir, "Brick" which also starred Gordon-Levitt. Johnson has a unique style to his directing, which is clearly present in this film. He uses unorthodox angles and lighting to add a certain dark and gritty feel to most of his scenes. While also using mostly practical effects, it gives the film a certain feel of realism that is refreshing in today's film culture, to say the least. There are no weak links here acting wise, as Joseph Gordon-Levitt gives a breathtaking performance as a man who is troubled with his past, that is also trying to protect his future as well. His portrayal of a young Bruce Willis is spot on, getting all the little mannerisms down to a tee. This is the best I have seen Bruce Wills in years, giving his all in the more emotional scenes in the movie. For once I felt like I wasn't just watching Brice Willis playing himself, I was watching the character of Older Joe, who happens to be portrayed by Bruce Willis. Time travel is nearly a back drop in the story. It is explained in fragments, not giving you a clear cut explanation how it works, yet not dumbing it down as a cheap plot devise either. Johnson paints a not so glamorous take on the future. The look and feel is rather dark and bleak, rather than a flashy, technology driven future, we see in most science fiction epics. The story is small in scope and just deals with the characters at hand. Every scene, plot point, and action, has a purpose to how the film will eventually rap up, in its ambitious conclusion. If you are going into this film expecting a big sci-fi chase movie with none stop action, you may be disappointed. It is a character based movie with science fiction and time travel elements. Elements that are done extremely well and also very entertaining. As a huge fan of sci-fi, it was nice to see the genre have a more personal and unique take on it. Seeing a character, played by two different actors that are from two different time periods, brought together in a smart, thought provoking manner, was a two hour rush that is gladly worth the price of admission. It reels you into this futuristic universe with its opening shot and doesn't let go until the credits are rolling. There is a period in the middle of the film that takes place at a barn which is a little slow and some of the CGI effects that are present aren't exactly top notch. Yet those are just minor setbacks, to one of the most original films I have seen in years. In a world where we are surrounded by reboots, sequels and prequels, "Looper" was a brilliant breathe of fresh air.
평점: 5	리뷰: The premise for this film is fantastic, the cast appears great, and its a movie that wants to be seen. However, it is a major disappointment. The whole concept of hit men and time-travel is intriguing- and the concept of your future self being the target, even more so, but this, in truth, is not what the film ends up being about. In a Terminator esque manner Bruce Willis turns his antics in the past to a 'save the future' kill quest wanting to destroy a future-crushing "rainmaker" (whom we know very little about and have little incentive to want killed) whilst he is still a child. The aforementioned has 'TK'- the films terms for Telekentic powers- and this is barely covered and feels like one idea too far, almost an add on that is ultimately crucial to the narrative but is not presented to us enough. In all the film leaves you dissatisfied, feels clunky, and disappointing as on paper it could have been so much better..
평점: 7	리뷰: The third film from the director of Brick and The Brothers Bloom. This is Johnson's first big Hollywood film, and I had a hope he would make a revolutionary science-fiction picture that would blow every summer blockbuster out of the water. Alas, that's not how it's gone down, but Looper is certainly a fun sci-fi thriller. Joseph Gordon-Levitt stars as a mob hit-man known as a Looper, whose job it is to whack victims sent back from 30 years in the future (why this has to be done is hastily and unsatisfactorily explained by JGL in voice-over). Every looper knows that one day he will have to kill the future version of himself, for which deed he will be compensated enough to live comfortably for the rest of his life. When it's JGL's turn, though, his future self, played by Bruce Willis, gets the better of him and escapes, and the mob is after them both. Time travel is one of the hardest science-fiction concepts to deal with, but there are just a handful of great time travel stories. I don't think this is one of them. For as smart as Johnson came off with Brick and The Brothers Bloom, the time travel premise seems like it should be far smarter. But whenever they try to explain the concept, the characters always say something like "it's cloudy" or "it's hazy." Johnson's superior visual sense isn't much present here, either. It's a well directed film, for sure, but it's nothing amazing. With all of my complaints, I will say, even if I was disappointed, I was entertained. It's a fun picture. I just wish it weren't directed by Rian Johnson. Acting honors go to Emily Blunt and Jeff Daniels. Gordon-Levitt and Bruce Willis are both fine, though I did think that JGL was a little busy trying to impersonate Willis.
평점: 8	리뷰: I thought the movie was fine. I thought it borrowed often from several other movies, and at the end reminded me of The Butterfly Effect. My sticking point-Remember when Bruce Willis says Reignmaker because "he" has created a REIGN of terror? Why then is everyone referring to a Rainmaker? Almost everyone over the age of 12 will like this movie. I said almost everyone, because of course some will not. But if you want to watch a half decent movie with okay acting and a story line that seems familiar but has been changed and tweaked, then see this movie. You will not feel as though you wasted your money, you can see it with your 16 yr old son when you need a parent-older teen night out, and it is OK for date night too. There are enough special effects for those movie goers, and a bit of romance for women, and seeing what our world could be in 2044 is actually the best part.
평점: 8	리뷰: Looper is an exciting and mentally stimulating science fiction movie that goes above and beyond in the realm of creativity. Original and thought provoking in its execution, this is a movie about time travel with a future that is gritty, plausible, and fantastic to absorb.Taking its cues from hard hitting gangster movies, the story follows Joe, a young man living in 2044 America that is crippled with economic collapse. He works for the mafia as a "looper". This is a job that requires some explanation. You see, 30 years from 2044, time travel will be invented. It is highly illegal, but is used by the mob to dump bodies, because it is impossible to do so in the future-future. Loopers get set times and places where they wait for their victims to appear, bound, gagged, and with a mask over their head. Sometimes a looper ends up killing himself from the future. This begins happening quite often, and rumor has it that a man named the Rain Maker is ordering the killings of all loopers. Joe does not seem to think much of this until his future self arrives, without a mask on. His future self escapes, looking for the child who will one day become the Rain Maker. Young Joe finds a woman and her young, troubled boy who are one of the people on Old Joe's map. He decides to wait there to confront his older self, to try and make things right with the mob.The movie twists and turns in unexpected ways that create a true feeling of suspense. Rian Johnson takes major influences from the likes of Martin Scorsese to craft a cold and calculating crime film. However, Johnson makes a movie that is so original and eclectic that it is obvious this is the work of a man who knows how to tell a story. There is plenty of action, but it never becomes more important than the story or the characters. Johnson also wrote the script, and he brings humanity to all of the players involved. The introduction of alternate timelines is only the beginning of the insane subplots that pop up, and all fit nicely together. The gritty and subdued style invokes a noir aspect that only serves to enhance the movie.Joseph Gordon-Levitt plays young Joe. He is fantastic as the cool, calm, and collected gunman. His face is altered with makeup to make him look more like old Joe, played by Bruce Willis. Levitt even speaks like the action star. Willis is really great in a subdued and complicated performance, although it would have been nice for his character to have had a more expanded role; he seems to fall into the role of the antagonist too quickly. Emily Blunt plays the hardened and self reliant mother of the boy old Joe is hunting. Blunt's character is used well and she gives an excellent performance.Looper is a bizarre movie, and that is a very good thing. Exciting, thoughtful, and at times disturbing, this film is mesmerizing to watch. It's not often that an action film is even half as good as this one, and rarely are movies so much fun to watch.thatguythatlikesmovies.blogspot.com
평점: 9	리뷰: Ryan Johnson finally lives up to the tremendously high bar he had set with BRICK. The script is extremely well crafted. The performances were exceptional. Last but not least, the direction was superb. There has not been a film out there is a very long time that has engaged me on a intellectual, visceral and emotional level. A thought provoking piece of cinema that makes bold choices because it is what is required to do the story justice. It has been way too long since a film achieve what films are capable of achieving. I'm sorry if some people feel that this is unfair to say due to some of the films that have come out lately but in recent memory I have consistently left theaters feeling a void. I longed for a film that was genuinely original, well executed and satisfying. I finally had that experience. That is not to say that there are not minor shortcomings in LOOPER. But they are so minor that they are not even worth mentioning. I hope this film gets seen by as many film loving people as possible so it receives both the critical as well as commercial success it deserves.
평점: 8	리뷰: Looper is a lot of fun with a lot of interesting plot twists but is on the gory side.This narrated film needs it (narration) to fill you in at different places in the context of that given place in the film and that is the extent of the narration.The film is written so as to be understandable but not simple minded. The character's in this film are well written and acted out and seem real enough. The director has chosen to tell the story in an effective way so as to generate some suspense and keep you guessing till the end which I of course won't get into.What I thought remarkable about this film is the idea that it would work at all and making it work and watching the story unfold is quite an experience and worth the price paid for admission.I couldn't help but think of the work of author Stephen King as the story played out on screen. It seem so effective in its totality that I thought it possibly an adaptation of one of his (Kings) works.It is gritty without being to gritty and gives you a break from the carnage enough to make this film very viewable.
평점: 2	리뷰: Looper is a hell of a ride, but in the end it unfortunately feels like it. It is the prime example of bad marketing: it talks like it will be a sci-fi action movie. In reality it is more of a slow burning romance story with elements of The Omen and Terminator. The real problem with the movie is that things are not thought out well; no one has "feelings". There is an obligatory sex scene that will make your skin crawl (it also fades out before the sex part). There is a character (Kid Joe or something like that) that has no real use in the story, but is hard to kill and just kinda drifts around, culminating in a new movie high for being a bad shot with a gun! The acting, direction, and cinematography are top notch..but the story is all over the place! Why does the movie shift to the farm? Why don't i feel like the idea of killing children is ever justified? Why is there a big shoot out with Bruce Willis for no reason??? Why does that poor kid have so many scenes of awful screaming? Looper means well and is plenty ambitious, but that makes its failure all the more painful. Rian Johnson should have had someone with experience help him write the script. A bad script really ruins a great idea for a movie.
평점: 10	리뷰: The premise for this movie was exciting from the previews, but it gives away almost nothing of what goes on in this very exciting and original Science Fiction piece. Gordon Lewitt, who seems to be in just about every other film this year, most of them being quite good, is back, playing a very interesting role. This one combines physical action and great acting.Lewitt is a looper, a hired killer who is set to eliminate targets as they are sent back from the future. In order to "retire", he must retire a very special target. The film picks up when this special target escapes him, setting off a series of dangerous events. For the rest of the film, Lewitt chases Willis. Soon the tables turn, and another target pops in the radar.This target, beautifully played by Pierce Gagnon is bound to send shivers down the audience's collective spine, and this is where the film really shines. As an ensemble, Lewitt, Blunt, Gagnon, and Willis do the kind of work rarely seen in a Science Fiction film. The last third of the film is where the movie hits some amazing highs: the story has quite a few unexpected turns, there are some jaw dropping special effects, and all culminates in a very emotional ending.I'm not sure what the budget for this film is, but creativity abounds, and there is a bit of a retro touch accentuating the "cool" feel of the piece. Gilliam would be more than pleased. This is a film that works because it doesn't pressure into liking it. It earns our awe and respect.
평점: 7	리뷰: Since I've already warned about spoilers, I might as well start with this: I didn't care for the ending. Cid has already caused the deaths of two people and seems to be filled with dangerous anger–could he not, still, become the Rainmaker? We've already seen Old Joe kill one child, and he was clearly distraught over doing it–he's not an indiscriminate slaughterer–so the reasoning behind Young Joe's suicide iswhat, exactly? Why not just kill Old Joe and stay with Sara and Cid, keeping an eye on him to make sure he doesn't go bad? The people who were after him are all dead–so why not live a happy life with Sara? The ending really, as far as I'm concerned, can't stand up to scrutiny.My other gripes with the film were less significant, but still worth noting. Emily Blunt isn't bad, butwho thought casting her as a Kansas housewife was a good idea? Sara isn't a terribly well written character either–her deflated toughness early on is pretty hoary–but the casting of Blunt just seems random.Rian Johnson's writing here and there gets really heavy-handed, and worse, he makes surprisingly little use of the whole time-travel premise. The RT consensus calls it "uncommonly smart"compared to what, exactly? There's some cleverness at work here, yes, but UNCOMMONLY smart? I don't see it.Finally, Paul Dano. Are we supposed to like his character? He's ridiculously annoying, hammy, and all-around tiresome. It's hard to believe he would have been an especially viable hit-man to begin with, but that's irrelevant; what IS relevant is the question of how much sympathy we're meant to feel for him. I felt none, although the scene where is older self is being slowly dismembered while trying to reach his torturers is one of the best in the film.With all that out of the way, what did I LIKE about the film? Joseph Gordon-Levitt was good, Bruce Willis was good (although his presence just underscores the superiority of 12 Monkeys, a very similar film), Jeff Daniels was fun to seethe hedonistic montage early on was excellent, Joe's 30 years in Shanghai was a compelling bit of montage as well, the action scenes were generally quite well done (including Old Joe's rampage at the gang's HQ), and the scene between the two Joes in the diner was very good indeed–in fact, the film needed more interaction between Gordon-Levitt and Willis, as that could've been the backbone of a great film, and not just one element of a very uneven one.
평점: 5	리뷰: Looper was enjoyable enough but I really can't understand all the praise. Maybe I expected too much of this film, but I was looking forward to a slick piece of speculative sci-fi that was thought- provoking, realistic and fairly deep. Instead, I got a lazily strung together generic action movie with a splash of time travel and super- powers."I don't want to talk time travel sh*t" or something along those lines is commonly used in this film to breeze past any plot holes and presumably stop the narrative become too complex. This irked me as it was one of the main draws in my opinion.I was very frustrated by the little amount of effort that was put in to creating a futuristic society. Forget the realistic near-future depicted spectacularly in films such as Children of Men. This world is more akin to the recent Dredd 3D film. Shallow and lacking in realism. Personally, I would love to have had more information on the state of government etc as the mobs seemed to be running everything but there really isn't any explanation given to this at all.The dynamics of time travel in this film are completely unbelievable. The notion that you can chop someone leg or whatever off and their "future self" will lose it is completely absurd. You're clearly creating a brand new entity when you come back in time. Put it this way. If I created a copy of myself from 0.1 seconds ago next to me. Are we going to be magically linked? Probably not. It also presupposes some sort of multi-verse scenario, in which case, Bruce Willis's character shouldn't even exist in that eventuality. I don't want to rant about this too much but I thought of all the ways they could depict time travel. This was one of the worst. And then there are the superpowers. Come on. Everyone has pretty much agreed biological evolution is basically over for us and it's all about technical augmentation now. The idea that in 33 years we'll be developing telekinesis is laughable to the point where the fact you're meant to accept this is almost offensive. On top of this, the whole plot in general is very hard to swallow and lacks in verisimilitude. Again, I find myself being forced to accept these absurd scenarios such as the fact that the mob can't dispose of bodies, but can set up secret time machines?? Or that they have to send them 30 years back in time and not just 2 billion years or whatever. And then there's the 30 year montage. Oh dear lord. I turned to my girlfriend and said. "Man, don't you just hate it when you get old and suddenly you're Bruce Willis". There was actually laughter in the cinema when Levitt morphs into Willis. All in all, I really wouldn't agree with the reviews saying its clever etc. In my opinion the plot is extremely lazy and is secondary to the action. Which is fine. If you want to watch an action film. One of the main reason's I've even written this view is to counterbalance these reviews raving about this very mediocre film calling it a "masterpiece". I read reviews touting it's cleverness or how it goes to extra lengths to not leave plot holes and I think: am I even watching the same movie here?Personally, I found myself rather disappointed.
평점: 7	리뷰: Rian Johnson is a good director, but a little too ambitious. "Looper" had a ludicrous amount of hype (probably on par with "Inception"), and I can't say it lived up to it. First off, the whole arm-carving thing was stupid. It's not like tattoos don't exist in the future; Bruce Willis visibly has some Chinese characters on his neck. Second, there was no reason for them to hunt down Paul Dano's 'notyet' when they could have just killed Dano (which they ended up doing). I also thought that the whole concept of "dropping" was hilariously dumb. (Remember the eyeballing vodka trend? It's worse than that.) As for Johnson's cinematic style, it has its ups and downs. There's a shot I love where the camera rotates around Joseph Gordon-Levitt's face in the club, but throughout the movie there were about half a dozen quick dark-to-bright shots that really weren't helpful. The distance shot of Old Joe knocking out Joe was priceless, however. And Johnson really downplayed the importance of TK. I didn't see any mention of that in the trailers. (Unless you count Emily Blunt floating the lighter in midair, inexplicably.) Time travel is well-presented here, but it's not that inventive and the movie wasn't perfect.
평점: 4	리뷰: The stunning reviews this movie has gotten has me absolutely baffled. I am serious. There's a big part of me that's wondering why? Why is this movie getting such great reviews? I was wondering that before... and AFTER I watched it.This movie is stupid. The time travel logic is broken, it's dumb, and it's so confusing that if you're thinking about what's going on at all... you are in severe danger of breaking your brain.Just because it's something kinda new doesn't make it original or refreshing. The premise is only a few angles askew from something like Back to the future, Terminator or Star Trek.Seriously... little to nothing made sense to me. I am just mad as hell that crap like this gets so much praise when it's not very good to begin with.
평점: 1	리뷰: This story was written by someone who does not comprehend even the basics of time travel problems and paradoxes. It is a mystery why this chaos received so high grades. The plot in short: mafia from the future sends their assassination targets into the present to be disposed of; in the present there are killers, so called loopers (organized by a sadist from the future) who await their targets and kill them. Before or later, the looper receives a mission to kill his future self. Some of them fail to do so. And then the chase begins. First of all, the premise is pretty stupid, to use such advanced technology for such mundane goal. In the movie they have explained, that in the future it is impossible to get rid of someone without being tracked. It is, as it seems, far easier to build a time machine then to avoid tracking technology from a collapsed society. Then we have a pretty horrifying (and illogical) scene of punishment for a failed looper. His present self is mutilated and his future self loses his limbs one by one. This is wrong, all his wounds have been inflicted in the past so they would appear all at once in the future. And it is unresolved if his present self has been killed or will they keep him alive for the next few decades without his limbs, until he is sent into the present. Then we have our hero", Joe who escapes his captors in the future, escapes his present looper-self and begins his search for a mysterious future mafia boss, the elusive Rainmaker", who in the future has killed his wife. Then begins a Terminator-rip-off". Terminator-Joe from the future does not have exact information about Rainmaker, only his date of birth and he manages to narrow his search to only three kids he will have to kill. He eliminates two targets and of course, his past self protects the real Rainmaker, the fact that it HAS TO BE KNOWN to his future self even before his trip to the past, because it is past, no matter when the audience has find out this. Then the Terminator-Joe eliminates his entire (ex-)gang and there is a showdown between him, his present-self and the Rainmaker-Kid. The situation is resolved when the present Joe kills himself and the Terminator-Joe disappears. Which would set in motion time traveling paradox: Terminator Joe does not exist so he cant be sent into the past and all his actions would be reversed. But no, all his actions in the movie remain. The Rainmaker-kid survives and he will grow up not to be mafia boss but exemplary member of future society. The end. Oh, and this Rainmaker-kid has a Carrie-like telekinetic abilities, which has nothing to do with a plot and is complete superficial. As for the pacing of the movie, it is horrible. We begin with a bang (literary), then a movie comes to a halt and we have an hour or so pure boredom (or character development"). Then we have a final shoot out. All in all a very bad experience, caused by a fanboy-hype. If you want to see Bruce Willis travel through time, watch 12 Monkeys", a far superior movie in every sense.
평점: 1	리뷰: The concept of the movie was flawed from the start. "It is nearly impossible to kill someone in the future and get away with it so they send them back to the past to be killed and disposed of." Why not kill them in the future and send their remains back to be disposed of.The movie dragged on and the ending was anticlimactic. It left me with the impression that he was the young boy on the train and he too was from the future, a kind of echo. If that were the case then why did he not disappear too? Why would the gold stay when Willis disappeared. His disappearance indicates that he was not sent back and neither was the gold. Finally why would you leave a kid alive who you know is going to turn into the most monstrous person in history? Are we to believe that a kid with those powers will turn himself around with the help of his mother? Had he changed the time line that much? The kid already turned on of the "gats" into mush!OK... It is just science fiction... bad science fiction.
평점: 7	리뷰: First of all I want to make it clear that in my opinion this is a good film and people should see it. However I don't think it is a 5/5 star film "the new Matrix" or whatever, there is too much hyperbole surrounding it. I simply don't think the film is as good as Brick, the previous Johnson/Gordon-Levitt film, and not as good in terms of delivery as Twelve Monkeys.So the positives are great acting, a good premise, a good opening act, some great shots and the future city/society looks pretty convincing ('vagabonds' everywhere, social decline, rampant crime and violence, a drug fueled elite partying it up in strip clubs whilst millions go hungry outside... hey, this maybe is the present?!). Willis is good in the role, and there are some great one liners peppered throughout the film.And I also don't think the time travel premise is the problem. Too many reviewers on IMDb are complaining about the time paradoxes and the plot holes - hold on everyone, it is a time travel movie, they will always have some level of paradox in them because time travel is always paradoxical. Anyone who thinks you can make a 'perfect' time travel movie has yet to show how it can be practically done, since every instance of time travel creates an alternative world anyway. Only the Canadian TV show Continuum really deals with this issue by leaving the question about whether the time travel has already happened ambiguous (i.e. has the future world already been created by the act of traveling back in time, in which case the show can become utterly deterministic since it has 'already happened'). Anyway I digress, don't get too bothered about time travel based plat holes, what stops the movie being a classic is a question of how it was delivered, not its sci fi credentials.For me the movie was not engaging enough for its length. It dragged from the middle onwards because it relocated the action from the gritty, grim dystopian city to a farmhouse which looked like it could have been in a movie from the 1950s. Johnson should have stuck with the tone and pacing of the first half more closely, because then the movie spins off into another film about a boy with powerful psychic abilities and a moral dilemma about whether he will grow up to become the supreme baddie or not. Willis thinks so, Gordon-Levitt believes that we can make our own fate and the child can grow up to be good, but this moral story line is grafted onto the previous one about fighting your future self. That for me was the core of the film, the second act pretty much neglects it in favour of some farmyard based children of the corn/village of the damned action. And the problem was tone, we went from city to countryside, different mood, colours and pacing and it slowed everything down. Willis' quest to kill the boy before he becomes some major baddie was a bad idea, it was a story too far and it meant that it included a load of stuff about telekinesis which is crucial to the plot but was not integrated into the story in any meaningful way. Then it becomes a story about time travel and telekinesis but without exploring one or the other that well. My contribution to how to make the film better would have focused on the time travel aspects a bit more. The most gruesome bit in the film is when they track down another escaped target from the future by carving up his younger self, as they do so the future guys body starts to disappear, his fingers, nose, legs and so on. That was gripping body horror stuff which could have been done effectively at the end. Imagine Willis and Gordon-Levitt squaring off against each other, totally outmatched (like Dekkard and the Replicant at the end of Blade Runner) and the younger version has to break his own fingers or shoot his hand off to stop Willis from killing him - it could have taken place in a disused warehouse or similar dystopian trope. Been done before? Maybe, but the tension between the younger and older version and the cat and mouse game between them could have made a much more impressive story.
평점: 7	리뷰: I'm not going to waste time and space (no pun intended) to list all the sci-fi movies based on the time travel paradox over the last few decades. "Looper" best them all, with clever adherence to simplicity and consistency.The basic premise is lucidly explained from the outset with a clear, concise VO by the protagonist Joe (Joseph Gordon-Levitt) a "looper" (to be explained later) living in Kansas City 2044, when time travel has NOT yet been invented. His job, however, depends entirely on what happens 30 year later, when time travel has been invented. Digest this first.A looper's job is sourced from a powerful gangster group from 30 years in the future. A looper is a gangland executioner cum body-disposal garbage man for this boss from 30 years in the future. The gangsters send back the victim who is shot by the looper the instant they appear, materializing out of nowhere. The execution ground is usually some deserted wilderness near KC. After collecting the pay in the form of silver bars strapped to the back of the victim, the looper disposes of the body, IN 2044. You can see how neat this is for the gangsters 30 years in the future – an absolutely water-tight murder with no possible trace of evidence whatsoever as the disposal usually takes the form to complete incineration.Now this is how this movie is so clever. Don't underestimate the significance of the two-step operation: killing and body-disposal. The gangsters-30-year-in-future may well have done the killing themselves before sending the body back to 2044 for disposal. It would be slightly less satisfactory but almost as effective in wiping out murder evidence. The key is that the time travel is always ONE-WAY-TRAFFIC, of a DEAD BODY for all intent and purposes. The time-travel paradox of seeing yourself is therefore clever avoided. And even if you take the killing into consideration, it is almost flawless, because killing someone from 30 years in the future will not affect anything in the present.Almost flawless. Now we come to something call "closing the loop". The loopers continue to live on and will one day reach 30-years-in-the-future. This, the gangster are well aware of. While you may ask "what's the problem", the gangsters consider that situation an unnecessary risk. A looper, just like the other enemies of the gangsters, is abducted and sent back to be executed, BY HIMSELF. Because the victims are hooded, the looper does not know that he is killing the version of himself from 30 years in the future, until after the execution and he finds that the pay (strapped to the back of the victim, remember?) is much more lucrative than from a regular job, allowing him to live out the remaining 30 years of life in comfort and luxury.Here's the catch. The ultimate objective is body disposal. Whether the killing is done in the future or done in 2044 matters little – so long as in the latter case the killing is instantaneous upon the materializing of the victim. But..when things do not go according to plan, all hell breaks loose.100% SPOILER from here on – be warned!!! Joe's future self (let's call him old-Joe, played by Bruce Willis) comes back, unlike in normal cases, neither hooded nor fettered, knocked Joe cold and is on the loose. What happens (in the future, from the POV of the audience who is naturally routed with Joe) is that during old-Joe's time, a mysterious character with supernatural power called Rainmaker comes into power and proceeds to close all loops, with old-Joes beloved wife becoming collateral damage. Old-Joe breaks free from the gangsters, sends himself back, intending to track down Rainmaker (as a kid) and kills him to save his wife. Joe just wants status quo and sets out to find and protect Rainmaker, intending to kill old-Joe when he shows up to claim his prey.Rainmaker is a 10-year-old kid living with single mother Sara (Emily Blunt). The second half of the movie plays out in a desolate farm house surrounded by eerie corn field in the middle of nowhere in Kansas where Joe and Sara prepare for old-Joe's arrival, a climatic finale that one critic aptly described as "intellectually satisfying and emotionally powerful". This has to be seen to be fully appreciated. All three leads are superb. Willis is finding a new cinematic life, as fully demonstrated by "Moonrise kingdom" and this movie. Blunt is as versatile an actress as you can find, portraying anything from a Victorian royalty (a as matter of fact, the very person herself) to an earthy tornado country farmer. Her excellent portrayal of an imperfect but ultimately devoting mother reminds me of Toni Collette in "The sixth sense" (incidentally, another Bruce Willis movie). But top mark goes to Joseph Gordon-Levitt, who absolutely shines behind (and despite) the strange face prosthetics that is supposed to make him more believable as Bruce Willis at thirty years younger.
평점: 10	리뷰: when i watch this film i had minor expectations but i was surprised first the acting Joseph Gordon Levitt and Bruce Willis have good chemistry and then first half of the movie you think all is around them but them is major game changer. for the second half of the movie and the effects the movie keeps you on the edge of your seat this is a must see film. don't miss it. it will remind you the vibe of the first terminator and blade runner and with the effects like inception and matrix. and the critics can not be wrong about this film is so rare that the critics will be positive of this film. but please don't take children to this film it has nudity and high violence so in my experience in the movie i can hear children complaining and asking for those particular subjects.
평점: 8	리뷰: Sci-fi films often strive for originality. Contrary to what many spiteful internet fan boys claim, Hollywood is not afraid of new ideas, It just doesn't come up with them that frequently. But every so often amidst the failed attempts at being the next matrix or blade runner, there's an inception or a district 9 that makes you believe in the movie industry's commitment to quality once more. With Looper Rian Johnson manages to do something very few films ever do. It makes us think, feel and sit on the edge of our seat often all at once. The premise is not that mind boggling. Whereas other intelligent sci-fi's have convoluted plots that we try to decipher amongst the spectacle Looper sets us up with a basic idea, but an idea that deepens and grows more dimensions than the trailers suggest. To give away too much would be a crime, so its best to go in knowing the basics. Joseph Gordon Levitt plays Joe, a specialised assassin known as a Looper. These Loopers are hired for the not too taxing job of assassinating people sent from the future all tied up with a bag over their heads. They then receive payment in the form of "silver" attached to the targets back. The looper then disposes of a body that technically doesn't exist and so wont be looked for. However with the job comes a specific requirement. A looper will also have to retire himself by assassinating their future selves this is called "closing the loop". And this is where the core of our story begins, but crucially it is not the real focus of the story as it moves on. As you'll know from the trailers Joe is tasked with killing his future self (Bruce Willis) and when he fails to do so is on the run from the criminals who hired him to do so in the first place. Where the story goes from there is unexpected and in places rather dark. There are many smart little details in Johnsons phenomenal script, that really flesh out the world he has created for his film. The characters use their own lexicon and slang, they have their own type of future drugs (taken through eye drops), and some of the details regarding the time travel are inspired. Again to say too much would do the film a great disservice but its clear Johnson has an eye for both ideas and spectacle. The camera moves in such an organic involving way, each frame is so precisely positioned you know if you got the chance you wouldn't change a thing. Techinically the film cannot be faulted. The look is warm and believable, stylistically there are moments that will stay with you long after you've left the cinema (a moving and thrilling ride through 30 years in particular is very cleverly interwoven into the story structure) and the soundtrack fits exquisitely. The characters are all sympathetic and deep with multiple dimensions. Even when one character goes to do something unspeakable mid way through the film, its believable through the brilliant direction of Johnson. The cast are all superb, especially Gordon Levitt who plays a complicated character and evolves him masterfully with the aid of a screenplay that puts character in the foreground and lets the action merely be the cherry on top. Thats not to say that the action is anything less than outstanding. Looper proves that action can still be thrilling with just a few men and some guns but at the same time provides us with some fantastical comic book fantasy spectacle with a dash of surprisingly brutal violence. As the film powers towards an awe inspiring and heartbreaking conclusion we begin to realise just how involved we've become. It actually matters to us what becomes of Joe and how this stylish, smart tale will end. Perhaps its down to a great cast giving it there all. Perhaps its down to great technical wizardry, but most likely its down to the vision of Rian Johnson, who does that rare thing of proving, Hollywood can take risks.
평점: 1	리뷰: First of all, forget the plot. There isn't any, just a bunch of half baked, overdone, derivative ideas flung at the screen in the laziest piece of film writing I've ever seen. Visually the picture steals from Mad Max, Blade Runner, Witness, the Matrix, Carrie and another half dozen, better movies. But the most unforgivable thing it does is de-charm Joseph Gordon Levitt. One would not have thought this possible. Also in resurrecting the tiresome, bullet headed Bruce Willis, it reminded me of why I've always hated that guy. (His scenes with the Chinese broad were particularly excruciating.) All in all, a horrible mess that doesn't even have the guts to follow through on its set-ups.
평점: 10	리뷰: In the year 2044, hit men known has Loopers, kill people sent 30 years from the future, to be easily erased. And Joe(Joesph Gordon Levitt)is a pretty good Looper, he basically lives the high life, and is also a junkie. Then one day when a hit appears to him, Joe gets a look at the hit, turns out it's him(Bruce Willis) 30 years from now, Joe hesitates, and then his older self gets away. Joe soon becomes hunted by the mob, for letting his target get away. How will Joe make it through in the end? This was a pretty good sci-fi thriller, the trailers made it look like a simple premise, but there is more to it. Joesph Gordon Levitt and Bruce Willis are pretty good in there roles has the same person, despite the heavy makeup put on Levitt, he really had you believing that he was a young Bruce Willis. Jeff Daniels is great has a crime boss. Emily Blunt is also good.
평점: 3	리뷰: I am obviously one of the underwhelmed who are disgusted by all the rave reviews. THIS IS NOT A GOOD FILM. It's true that I only went because a friend wanted to and I wouldn't have on my own. But my friend also walked out.Other reviewers can point out the sci-fi flaws better than I can. I'll just say the novelty of meet-yourself-30-years-from-now has nowhere to go once you meet. Let's look at the cinematic values. The characters were dark and superficial. The big bad city sets were seedy, unconvincing and depressing. The dialog was pedestrian and obvious. Most communication consisted of people glowering at each other for long periods of time. That is, when they weren't blowing each other up.There was a pointless love interest that was as sexy as week-old spaghetti. Since I didn't see the second half, I can't really comment on the plot, but what I did see did not impress.Why do I go to movies? I guess not for the reason people who love Looper do. I like to -- gasp! -- have fun. I like to hang out with fascinating characters who are not predictable. I like the wit and suspense of good writing. I like taut direction where you don't tap your foot as people stare stupidly at each other. Interesting things happen that don't involve artillery.Someone here mentioned 12 Monkeys as a much better movie. I agree!
평점: 9	리뷰: Wow. After picking your jaw up off the ground, you'll have plenty of thinking and discussing to do when you see the best serious time travel movie ever made: Rian Johnson's "Looper". "Looper" sets the bar high early on with a breakneck pace and infectiously energetic atmosphere that pervades the entire film, as Jospeph Gordon-Levitt's character, Joe, violently kills a body that randomly appears in front of him in a desolate cornfield. Huh? Turns out it's his job. In the future, time travel exists, of course. But so dangerous is it that it is outlawed, meaning of course that only the bad guys use it. They set up an ingenious system where men are sent back 30 years in time to be killed and disposed of, a method so clean because the person doesn't even technically exist when they appear in the past to be blasted away and burned. The targets come with a hefty vest full of silver bricks, the pay-day for the killers, who are known as Loopers. Confused yet? Joe lives a cushy life, staying expensively drugged-up and sexed-up when he's not working, but a mistake by a fellow Looper throws a wrench in everything. The other Looper (Paul Dano) let his target go. Why? Because it was his future self, a pre-determined end for every Looper known as "closing the loop", so there are no messy ends. The bodies on these jobs are loaded with gold bricks, a step-up for killing yourself. Dano's Looper tells Joe that his future self warned of a man known as the Rainmaker who was closing loops with reckless abandon. With this new knowledge, Joe is faced with killing himself, and in a bizarre series of events that would take more than a book to explain, ends up in a race against time to stop his older self (Bruce Willis) from doing some very bad things. What's ingenious about the script is its ability to make us root for both versions of Joe, and yet pray that they are both stopped as well. The subtle make-up job for JGL is Oscar quality stuff, as are the special effects. The world that Johnson has created is simply stunning, and feels so realistic that we are immediately pulled into the mind-boggling loop of time travel without looking back. The actors are solid, and the action is fantastic. I have never seen a more flawlessly scripted movie about the paradoxes of time travel. This film is as clean and precise as a Looper's kill, and as exciting, original and ingeniously action-packed as anything else you'll see this year.-Thomas Bond, TheFilmDiscussion
평점: 6	리뷰: I was really surprised to see that this movie got an 8.5 at IMDb when I was looking for movies to watch, imagine it's the bump as it's newly- released. I'm always interested to watch a new time travel movie and see how they resolve the paradoxes and puzzles inherent in the idea. Unfortunately, this movie didn't even try for the most part. While Joseph Gordon-Levitt is pretty enjoyable in any role, I felt like Bruce Willis was phoning it in and expected something more for such a highly-rated movie. Tempted to give it a lower rating, but it's still a solid 6-star movie, just don't expect too much (as I did - should have gone with The Master this weekend).
평점: 5	리뷰: This movie had an interesting storyline. It had way too much gruesome violence & torturous scenes as well. There were topless women which were unnecessary for the plot of this movie. I felt they were just there to add eye candy, if you call it that, to the movie. There was one sex scene but it was not shown. There was extreme cursing throughout the movie; again, very unnecessary. I definitely would not recommend this movie to anyone. I wish I had saved my money or seen something else. I do admit the main characters acted well. I would like to see them in a movie less violent & gruesome. Hopefully this saves someone some time, & money.
평점: 2	리뷰: I painfully sat through this hot mess to the end. How is it getting all the acclaim it has received? It's full of holes, JGL's makeup leaves him a wig and a dress away from a drag queen. Emily Blunt's accent is so forced and obvious. I really like all the actors that play in this film, in other films of course. I really hope they got paid well because this movie is total crap. All the other negative reviews here pretty much some up what is wrong with this movie. Time Travel was suppose to be the star of this movie. Without it the movie can't be rewritten to make any kind of sense whatsoever. However the writers completely failed to be educated enough to even come close to making sense. It would have made more sense for current Joe to shot his hand of to stop future Joe rather than kill himself. Still a paradox but at least it wouldn't have been so blatant a paradox.If the rainmaker doesn't care about is committing mass murder in the future why is he bothering to send the loopers back to "Close their loops" he has access to the information just go back himself and clean house with his telekinetic self.I am not pondering the movie because I found it mentally engaging I am pondering the failure of the studio that hired people so stupid that they would green light this garbage.
평점: 6	리뷰: There was this little genre film I saw fairly recently called The Caller. It centered on a young woman who moves into a new apartment and begins receiving frightening phone calls from a woman searching for someone. As the film builds towards a truly unique and shocking conclusion you discover that the film is dabbling in the whole time travel sub genre although very different films Looper reminded me of that film. This film centers on a group of specialized assassins living in the year 2044. Like the most believable films set in the future not much differentiates the times accept some nice touches here and there futuristic architecture, flying motorcycles, new laws etc. Getting back to the assassins they specialize in assassinating people delivered to them from a criminal futuristic organization so they can dispose of the body. Soon after we learn that eventually their future selves are sent back to them to erase evidence of what they've done and they are paid a large wage and given 30 years. But when a young man played by the ever so talented Joseph Gordon Levitt runs into his future self he hesitates for a moment and his future self played by Bruce Willis escapes. Thus setting the stage for a barrage of unexpected twists and a surprisingly emotionally resonant storyline. What's great about this film is how unique the feel of it is. It's hard to really describe it but it really feels like something new altogether. Unfortunately the film isn't flawless there are some questionable directorial choices although some great questions are brought up not all of them are answered effectively. There is a load of unnecessary characters that aren't fully developed and the film is a little cheesy in its action sequences. It is most successful in it's smaller moments like the one in which the two versions share a conversation over breakfast, a soft love story is explored as well as the relationship between a mother and her child. Levitt is solid in the lead and Emily Blunt is an unexpected surprise delivering a character i never though she would take on. Bruce Willis is less successful as the older version of Joe and the usually likable Piper Perabo is given so little to do besides an awkward topless scene it makes you wonder why she signed on for it. Still all in all the film is pretty solid and most of all it just feels really fresh a blessing in a cinematic market saturated with countless remakes and sequels. It may not be perfect but there is more than enough here to merit a more than solid recommendation.Plus the whole tk subplot although hammy had some really cool culminations. Good stuff. 3.5/5
평점: 10	리뷰: "Looper" was by far one of the most creative & interesting films that I have ever seen. Joseph Gordon-Levitt pulls off an amazing/very convincing job playing a younger version of Bruce Willis. At some points it was very difficult to tell the difference between the two. Willis is awesome as usual & Emily Blunt was superb. The action scenes in the film were exhilarating, & the soundtrack was very creative, it fits the tone of the film so well. Plus the setting was very realistic, it shows the future being very dark, a lot of poverty & pollution. I loved every second of the film, I give it a 10 out of 10, it was truly a work of art & very creative, the acting was top notch, the soundtrack was top notch, & the whole film was top notch, a true Masterpiece.

영화제목: Prisoners
평점: 9	리뷰: Hugh Jackman takes you on a trip through the intense emotions a family is put through during its darkest hour. This may be his best role to date. From the trailers you know that his character will be out for blood as their daughter was kidnapped, but throughout the film you feel his pain, anger and moral struggles as he deals with this situation. The director does an excellent job of keeping you invested in the film emotionally even through some intensely violent scenes. Its dreary setting provides no comfort, but goes hand and hand with the narrative. This film may not be for those faint of heart but should be a must see for most viewers.
평점: 8	리뷰: Prisoners, the new film from Canadian director Denis Villeneuve (Polytechnique), is a top notch nail-biting crime-drama that is as good a theatre as modern Hollywood has the ability to produce. Hugh Jackman and Maria Bello play the parental figures of the Dover family. They are your average hard-working blue-collar family who begin their story by visiting neighbours Franklin and Nancy Birch (Terrence Howard and Viola Davis) for a Thanksgiving dinner. The Franklins and the Dover's each have two children, the youngest of which (Anna and Joy) head out from their home on a November afternoon to play only to mysteriously disappear. Upon a frantic search, the Franklins and the Dover's suspect the worse. Especially when their elder children tell them of a mysterious camper that was parked just down the street. Police soon find the camper with Alex Jones (Paul Dano) behind the wheel. Alex has the mentality of a 10-year-old and tries fleeing when surrounded by authorities. But when Detective Loki (Jake Gyllenhaal) begins to interrogate Alex, he is less convinced that Alex was a part of the abduction. As days pass, Loki and Keller Doller work in opposite directions on the investigation. Keller is convinced that Alex Jones was a part of the abduction and kidnaps the frail and challenged Jones and tortures him for days in an attempt to extract answers. Meanwhile, Detective Loki follows leads that open up possibilities of a crime where multiple persons may be involved. And Oscar nominee Melissa Leo appears in a supporting but pivotal role that will assist in the closure.The trailer for Prisoners may have audiences hearkening back to Ron Howard's Ransom, but this is hardly the cookie-cutter kidnapping film that Mel Gibson lead back in 1996. Prisoners instead is an engulfing drama. One with a superb performance by lead Hugh Jackman that challenges how far someone would/should go in an effort to locate their stolen child. The script, from writer Aaron Guzikowski (Contrband) takes audiences down many different paths and emotional rides and Jackman's performance will have you rooting for his quest for answers even though his methods are unorthodox and highly illegal.The film is gritty and full of realistic characters and situations culminating in a perfect ending that goes 9/10ths of the way in giving its audience full closure. Not as much an edge-of-your seat thriller as it is a Zodiac type of crime drama where the stakes are the lives of two small children. Denis Villeneuve's last effort, Incendies, was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Foreign Film in 2011. Prisoners shows that he can move solidly into big star larger scaled films with the ease of a well worn slipper. And Prisoners catapults Villeneuve into not just a director to watch, but a director whose work should be awaited with palpable excitement.www.killerreviews.com

영화제목: The Grand Budapest Hotel
평점: 10	리뷰: Wes Anderson is one of the most original film makers working today. None of his films can be categorized into any particular genre. His latest, The Grand Budapest Hotel, which opened the Berlin Film Festival, continues that trend. It is a tale within a tale within another tale. Whilst every shot has been meticulously arranged as though a work of Art hanging in a museum, story wise Anderson has let his imagination run wild. Though the tale (with Tom Wilkinson as the author of the story) and the tale within the tale (with Jude Law as the young author & F Murray Abraham as the mysterious owner of THe Grand Budapest Hotel) have straightforward narratives, the tale within the tale within the tale, which comprises the bulk of the film and is set in the years preceding the Second World War, is a wild uproarious train ride of story telling. It also boasts the cast of a life time: Ralph Fiennes, Tilda Swinton, Edward Norton, Adrien Brody, Willem Dafoe, Harvey Keitel, Jeff Goldblum, Bill Murray, Owen Wilson & countless cameos. It will delight Anderson fans but is more likely destined for Art house cinemas as it is too off center for mainstream audiences. The production design and music are outstanding and even the end credits are imaginatively done (and received another ovation from the audience).

영화제목: RoboCop
평점: 9	리뷰: In 2010, acclaimed director Darren Aronofsky (THE WRESTLER, BLACK SWAN)  was originally attached to direct the ROBOCOP reboot. Frankly, I  thought he was the right choice to reboot the once-popular franchise  back in the late '80s. Unfortunately, he quits the project and  Brazilian director Jose Padilha (ELITE SQUAD, ELITE SQUAD: THE ENEMY  WITHIN) was brought in as his replacement.  WHAT IS IT ALL ABOUT?  When police detective Alex Murphy (Joel Kinnaman) is critically injured  during a car explosion in front of his home, CEO of OmniCorp Raymond  Sellars (Michael Keaton) sees him as a golden opportunity to make him  feel alive again by turning him into "Robocop" -- a cyborg police  officer which is touted as the future of law enforcement in America.  However, OmniCorp doesn't realize that Murphy still has a personal  vengeance in his mind to pursue the criminals who nearly caused him  dead.  THE GOOD STUFF  Like the first two ELITE SQUAD movies, director Jose Padilha delivers  the same raw intensity that gives ROBOCOP a quasi-documentary feel to  the action sequences. Even though Padilha utilizes shaky camera-work,  at least he doesn't make the scene so wobbly until the viewers unable  to see what's really going on. The special effects are spectacular,  while the costume design for the all-new Robocop in a black tactical  body actually looks quite nifty.  Swedish-American actor Joel Kinnaman (best known in the US for TV's The  Killing) delivers an emotionally engaging performance as Alex Murphy  and Robocop, while Michael Keaton steals most of the spotlight as the  slimy CEO of OmniCorp Raymond Sellars and Gary Oldman gives a perfectly  restrained performance as the sympathetic Dr. Dennett Norton. Other  minor roles -- including Abbie Cornish as Murphy's wife, Clara; Jackie  Earle Haley as the military tactician Mattox; and Samuel L. Jackson as  the media host Pat Novak -- are all equally impressive.  MOST MEMORABLE MOMENT(S)  The brief but intense battle between Robocop and a small army of ED-209  during the climactic finale.  THE BAD STUFF  The biggest weakness in this ROBOCOP reboot is Joshua Zetumer's  captivating but bloated screenplay. First of all, the story drags too  much with Murphy's personal family matter with his estranged wife Clara  (Abbie Cornish) and son David (John Paul Ruttan). Then there's the  underwritten plot involving Murphy's personal vengeance against Antoine  Vallon (Patrick Garrow), who is responsible for the car explosion. Even  the so-called social commentary involving the "robo-phobic" issue  quoted by Samuel L. Jackson's Pat Novak doesn't really say much that  worth a debate.  FINAL WORDS  While the new ROBOCOP is far from a genre classic by any means, at  least Jose Padilha's version isn't as bad as most people might have  expected. Just put your mindset of the Paul Verhoeven's original 1987  version aside, and treat this as an entirely new movie altogether.
평점: 8	리뷰: The new RoboCop is a surprisingly good and entertaining sci-fi action  thriller that appeals to the human heart by conveying emotions and the  humanity side of Murphy, the main character who eventually becomes the  titled cyborg law enforcer. The film ultimately wins for not trying to  be the original (1987 version). The story of Murphy is similar (since  it's a remake) but does its own thing to provide something new instead  of retelling the same thing again. The film focuses more on the  development of Murphy's character, his initial response to his cyborg  body and relationship with his family, making the character more  emotional and relatable to the audience.  The film delves into the meaning of humanity, family themes, media  influence on public opinion, corporate greed (capitalism),  authoritarianism and corrupt law enforcement authorities. It provides a  brief view of the struggles we might face with machines or digital  surveillance of the future. It also briefly raises the question whether  it's ethical or legal to eliminate the human factor in law enforcement  to reduce crime rates by creating merciless cyborgs or robots to  replace humans.  The action sequences are updated with a higher body count, with better  CGI and sound effects, making them cooler, stylish and more  entertaining than the original. The new black tactical design of  Robocop is found to be acceptable and nice...the updated Robocop is  more agile, flexible and stronger compared to the original. However, I  personally find the right human hand to be slightly distracting. (I  prefer no human hand at all, entirely machine except the face)  There's quite a lot of credible actors in this film: Abbie Cornish, Jay  Baruchel, James Earle Haley, Gary Oldman, Michael Keaton and Samuel L.  Jackson all providing decent performances to this remake. Although it's  hardly a ground-breaking film or a masterpiece, Robocop is a decent and  satisfying remake that delivers on many levels. There's currently no  plot problems, inconsistencies or plot holes found in this film at this  time of writing this review. So, it's good enough for a recommendation  to watch it.  Rating: 7.5/10
평점: 5	리뷰: THIS RoboCop reboot by director Jose Padilha, thankfully, doesn't try  to copy the original 1987 version by Paul Verhoeven, although it does  follow the same path.  Viewers will still get to see a Christ-like figure being killed,  resurrected and saving his city, or flock, from the evils of  capitalism. There's still a corporation that's pulling the strings of  the city, and maybe the whole country, by promoting its saviour, which  in this 2014 version comes in a sleek black chrome finish.  The 1987 was a satire about TV news programmes and the greed of  corporations. However, its main theme was that underneath the Judge  Dredd-like armour lay a heart teeming with humanity.  The 2014 version still places the story in Detroit but doesn't mention  that the city in reality is bankrupt. It also focuses more on the  relationship between RoboCop and his wife and son, who were not  prominent in the first version.  RoboCop (Joel Kinnaman) hands Dr Dennett Norton a tough question. This  film has its moments, particularly when RoboCop faces off against a  multitude of robotic cops in a warehouse. He disposes of them with the  elan of a confident gamer, and viewers even get to see his point of  view.  However, for a film that talks a lot about emotions, this film feels  strangely detached, meaning, it doesn't encourage viewers to root for  our "black" superhero.  It doesn't help that RoboCop's wife keeps popping into the picture at  inopportune moments. The filmmaker wants to show more of RoboCop's  family life, but this is the part of the film that fails miserably.  The idea of having robots patrolling cities was a new one in 1987. But,  in 2014, with all the news about US drones taking out Afghan Taliban  rebels, the idea of that now is much more plausible.  Padilha frames his film with the notion that US robots and drones are  maintaining law and order in faraway lands (Iran) but can't do the same  back home because of a piece of legislation that bars them from doing  so.  Samuel Jackson plays TV host Pat Novak, whose in-your-face reportage is  often incendiary. He asks if Americans are robo-phobic. "What's more  important than the safety of the American people?"  The preamble doesn't aid the film in any way. The film should have just  cut out the first few minutes and leapt headfirst into the story. It  wants to comment on current issues, just like what the 1987 film did,  but its preface bogs down the film.  Similarly, it showing OmniCorp as thinking about ways to maximise  profits from its robots and drones in the US market is nothing short of  boring. Isn't that what all corporations do? There's nothing devious  about it.  The firm wants to humanise its robots because OmniCorp boss Raymond  Sellars (Michael Keaton) says Americans want a product with a  conscience, or something that knows what it feels like to be human. I  take this to mean that American troops or security forces will always  think twice before killing civilians. I had to suppress a snigger when  I heard Sellars say that line.  Detective Alex Murphy (Joel Kinnaman of TV's The Killing) is a  righteous cop who stumbles on a plot about dirty cops working hand in  hand with drug lord Antoine Vallon (Patrick Garrow).  For that, he gets blown into smithereens. When he next wakes up, he's  in a body armour. He recoils at the sight of his metallic structure and  runs out of the lab and into the fields in a scene similar to that in  Avatar.  The scene of Dr Dennett Norton (Gary Oldman) showing RoboCop what's  left of his body is touching, and so is the scene where he meets his  son for the first time. RoboCop's wife, Clara (Abbie Cornish), is  competent as the strong wife who wants to know what happened to her  husband.  Her total acceptance of his new body is commendable but it would have  been more realistic to show her gasping or taking a moment to take it  all in. She could also have been showed wondering how they would ever  make love again.  However, Clara becomes persistent and a pain in viewers' necks. I don't  think viewers will for one minute believe in their unusual  relationship.  For the rest of the film, viewers will see RoboCop being put through  his paces and watching him expand his limited acting skills. This  brings us to Kinnaman, whose sardonic and wisecracking ways are curbed  by the suit he's wearing. In fact, he's just a lump of metal.  Paul Weller was in a similar situation in the first film but he allowed  his acting to show us his pain, anger and desire for revenge. Kinnaman,  meanwhile, just goes through the motions.  In short, RoboCop is a huge mess that lacks emotion. Heck, I can't even  be bothered to make myself be angry with this film or take it as an  affront to the first film.   2 1/2 out of 5
평점: 8	리뷰: Watched Robocop this afternoon and overall,I liked it. The story does seem more complex but better then the 80s version. Joel Kinnaman plays a better Alex Murphy compared to Peter Weller with his more badass attitudeThe story itself for was what made the movie great. The way they told how Alex turned into Robocop in this movie was better than the original since they really made you the pain and suffering that Alex and his family were going through. I also liked how they brought back the classic theme into the film. Really missed it verymuchHowever, some of my complains was the suit. Never really liked it compared to the classic light blue but I was glad that they changed it back at the last minute.I also expected a more fearsome opponent for Robocop in this film. Some one like Kane but the action scenes were still awesome to watchOverall, an enjoyable film and can't wait for the crossover between Dredd andRobocop if those rumors are true
평점: 5	리뷰: Let me be honest,I was seriously expecting more from this popular remake. In the trailer, I was really against the suite which to me kinda look like a Kamen Rider from Japan, and especially with the bike. Nevermind,I put the black suit aside. Was expecting more on the plot development,character depth and of course epic battle scene!!Goshh..only like 2-3 minutes fighting ED-209?Mehhh...none of the battle really captures my imagination, combines with the shaky camera here n there and fast moving "robocop" makes it lot worst to handle.I could see this movie being a family drama instead of crime busting bad ass robocop once I know. I was just 5 years old when i watched the original version of robocop 1 and 2. It was on a VCR tape back then and yet those scene still fresh in my mind.The best of all they focus on the automatic opening of the gun holster and gun spinning move.A slower robot,but forever in my mind as the one and only robocop...
평점: 5	리뷰: I have to admit I didn't watch the original RoboCop films, so no room for comparisons here. But then again movies are meant to be entertainments on their own, so here goes. Overall it is quite good, but the shaky cameras let down the experience, which otherwise would make it a solid piece of entertainment.So, the annoying fact here is that most of the action sequences rely on hand held cameras, and they are so shaky, most of the time I don't know what's happening. I see gunfires, and cops, and gunfires, and cops. Seriously, it is rather unbearable. Not that the whole action sequences are bad, the final act is decent, and when RoboCop is on his bike and scanning the area using CCTVs & constructing virtual settings, it looked awesome, but every other action sequences are seriously let down by the shaky cams.Otherwise, everything else was good. I was sceptical about the casts initially, but they turned out okay, especially for Gary Oldman and Michael Keaton, who were just brilliant. The general plot line is good, and the conflicting idea of "man against machine" is properly raised, along with the social & ethical issues that goes with it. There is a touch of drama with the emotional responses of Alex Murphy and his family members. Apparently they tried with the humour...tried, though. And also I find the sound effects rather brilliant and enjoyable, especially with the sound of RoboCop's movements.It seriously would have been a decent and solid entertainment, if not for the rather disappointing shaky cameras. The director could have done better, but everything else is good enough and certainly worth the price of admission.VERDICT:Good: Excellent sound effects, Decent plot, Great castsBad: Shaky camerasSCORE: 6.5blockbusted9.blogspot.com
평점: 6	리뷰: *Spoiler warning* Finally, the remake I've been waiting for, is here.I saw the original RoboCop when I was a kid when it was aired on Television. It got me so hooked even though it was full of violence (My parents didn't bother with the violence). Of course at that time I didn't fully understand the criticism and the satire. For me the main attraction was, of course, Robot in action and it was awesome.Now, Jose Padilha tries to recreates the awesomeness of RoboCop once again on the silver screen with Joel Kinnaman as Murphy/RoboCop. Murphy is a loving husband/family man who is also a hardworking detective accompanied with his trusted partner, Jack Lewis. They try to keep Detroit safe from crimes and corruption which seems unstoppable. The film tries to question about robots replacing manpower as law enforcement in the future. It questions whether it's right to leave all the judgement of crime to an automated system that doesn't hesitate to take you down. It's also implied that Detroit's crime rate is high.However, to me this is where the problem lies. I will bring this up since this is a remake. In here there's only one notorious thug/gang leader or whatever you want him to be called, which never have any clear motive or anything. The movie never show any implication on about the how the city has that high crime rates. Yet, all of the sudden, after RoboCop was deployed, the crime rate goes down and people cheering for him, it was a bit strange for me.In the original, Detroit does seems like a dangerous city full of thugs. Even some of Bodicker's thugs doesn't hesitate blowing up cars, or some random thugs tries to rape a woman. It does show and implies that Detroit does have high crime rates and does need a more powerful law enforcement system. In here, we got nothing that shows Detroit as a crime ridden city, it was very clean. It makes the need of robots to reduce casualties implausible and questionable. The film also relied too much on the family drama, which I found half-baked. His partner, Lewis also forgettable, because, well, he does not do much as the original does. I decided to compare him to the original Lewis because in the original, Lewis was an important character.Action sequences was pretty okay for me. The CGI was pretty good, not mind blowing or something like that but it worked great but not memorable. Other parts was, forgettable because it was so generic and decent, lacking any powerful 'impact' for an action set. RoboCop's Black-tactical design was okay but it does feel weird and yes that right hand does distracting but not much. Acting was good and we have likable casts such as Gary Oldman and Michael Keaton. Joel Kinnaman as RoboCop/Murphy was pretty good, and I can't comment much on Abbie Cornish, you'll know why when you see it. Samuel L. Jackson is... Samuel L. Jackson, as enjoyable as ever. The rest of the cast was pretty much okay, nothing much.The film, as a remake, does deliver originality with hints of the original one. But when it comes to the impact, a moment of awe, of which the original delivered, this new one does not pack a punch. From the short-lived action sequences, underplayed plot, and some holes that just left floating, it felt that there was not enough 'energy'. But it's not as bad as most people expected to be, as it's enjoyable. Just never expect it to be a masterpiece or else, you will be disappointed. Sorry for my English, I hope you understand. Rating : 6/10
평점: 8	리뷰: It is clear that this version is for the younger people; this has lots of explosions, shiny and sleek CGI and lots of action. The trailers makes the movie looks like a mindless action movie with lots of CGI and action. However Robocop is more than just an action movie, it involves politics and emotions. My knowledge of Robocop is limited. I remembered watching the original movie but I didn't watch the sequels. And that's all. What I definitely do know is that the 2014 version is a toned-down version of the violent original. The story: The movie starts off with an engrossing news which features Samuel Jackson and an intense but brief action scene. It is not long before another action scene emerges in a form of retelling of an incident by Alex Murphy. It is also not long before he gets into an accident (different from the original). That accident makes him Robocop. You will think that there will be lots of action in the second third of the movie. In fact, it is the second third of the movie that sets it different from a mindless action movie. The pace slows down to give a more emotional feeling to Robocop and the difficulties the OmniCorp company faces. The last third of the movie catches its pace back to its intense climax.There is a lot of action but they are brief and not very memorable. Plus sometimes, the quick cuts and hand-held camera work become slightly annoying. The action scenes that stand out the most happen in the last third of the movie; a gun fight with Alex's main suspect and the gripping robot fight in the climax. Acting wise is alright, none particularly stand out. Music wise is decent with hints from the original's music, adding a pumping score to an action-packed movie.Overall: Fans of Robocop may not be pleased with this version as it lacks the violence and the tone of the original although they may get a kick seeing the modified silver robo-suit in some scenes. General audiences like me will be entertained by seeing a sleek Robocop hunting down criminals. It is clear that this tries to set up a franchise. Only time can tell.
평점: 8	리뷰: Pretty good movie. I like that this remake took only the core elements of robocop (cop got killed, made into a robot) and made an entire new story. It is definitely a more realistic take, a movie more in line with the year we living in. The movie has a healthy balance of plot, character moment, action and humor. I really enjoy Gary Oldman's conflicted scientist, Michael Keaton doing profit minded businessman (I'm sure a lot of people will be reminded of their bosses :P ), and SLJ stole the show as the hilariously bias news anchorman, the whole theater was laughing nonstop during his TV show.Joel Kinnaman did a good job as Robocop but only serviceable as Alex Murphy. Alex didn't do much before he was blown up. I hate to compare with the original but the car bomb definitely felt lacking the emotional punch or the oh **** factor. It would have been better if he was killed in a police shootout or get bomb during said shoot out or something. Also, there weren't enough chemistry or moment between Alex and his wife. The relationship played an important later on but the emotion just wasn't there.I really like the black suit but I wish the black suit would have more metallic feel, at least some metallic paint. It still looked rubbery to me, but it didn't bother much, especially it is slick in action. Speaking of actions, some of the action scenes were quite chaotic and shaky, but not to the extent of unwatchable. I really enjoy the field test, with the awesome music :P And the movie was rather slow in the beginning and then sorta rushed when reaching the end. As much as the SLJ commentaries were awesome and hilarious, some of it was rather jarring and broke the story flow.But overall, the good far outweight the bad. I recommend this movie and going to watch again soon.8/10
평점: 7	리뷰: And this writer thought he needn't be reminded of that disturbing scene in director Paul Verhoeven's 1987 movie. Before the guy made the iconic Total Recall (1990) and Starship Troopers (1997), he gave the world Robocop. The movie has often been mentioned in media as one of the most violently traumatising action flicks ever. How the protagonist Alex Murphy was brutally murdered remains one of the most talked about scenes in cinema history. Don't even get us started on how a villain slowly dissolves to death after being drenched in toxic waste.Call this reviewer a coward, but these scenes freaked the hell out of him. After all, he was only a six year old kid then. But hey, it didn't stop him from pestering his parents to get an uber cool action figure from the nearest toy shop.With this remake directed by Brazilian filmmaker Jose Padilha (Elite Squad), this columnist is pretty sure he can sit through the 121 production without flinching, especially when it's a PG13 movie with the consumer advice "Violence & Brief Coarse Language". In this day and age of movie making, it's all about maximixing profits with impressive box office returns, man.There's not much you need to know about the plot, really. In 2028 Detroit, Alex Murphy is a loving husband, father and good cop. After being critically injured in a car explosion, a multinational conglomerate OmniCorp sees a chance to create part man, part robot police superhero. Cue themes regarding media, corruption, authorisationism, capitalism and human nature. But why get yourself all confused with this academia issues? You want an enjoyable action movie? You've got one right here.Padilha knows better than to get Robocop all moped up with emotions. After a short introduction, Alex Murphy gets hurt and is all ready to suit up in his uber cool outfit. From there, expect adrenaline filled action sequences. You want car chases? Check. What about gun fights? Yup, they're in place. A finale showdown between Robocop and massive machines? Don't even get us started on that. This movie is pure popcorn fun, that's for sure.Fans of the original will find themselves going through a checklist of comparisons, but while this geeky behaviour is somewhat respectable, we are advising that you don't do so because you'd be missing out on what the remake is set out to do – an entertaining two hours in the cinema.The supporting actors are on form here. Besides the reliable Abbie Cornish (Seven Psychopaths), Jay Baruchel (The Sorcerer's Apprentice) and James Earle Haley (Little Children), we had fun watching Gary Oldman (Sirius Black!), Michael Keaton (Batman!), and Samuel L Jackson (Mace Windu!) portraying a righteous researcher, a shady businessman and a TV host respectively.Unfortunately, our leading man Joel Kinnaman (The Girl With The Dragon Tattoo) pales in comparison next to his co stars. The 34 year old actor isn't all that bad, but just doesn't hold his own ground. This isn't a major flaw though, because all we want is for him to go shoot some baddies in his Robocop persona. And yes, this writer's got that impulse to go out there to get some action figures again.
평점: 6	리뷰: I was definitely expecting much from this popular movie remake but came out from the theater feeling lost and disappointed. The technology, weapons and stuff were great but the director did not tell the story as intense as it should be. After elaborating the story & building the characters in the movie for the first hour, the audience would naturally be expecting a mind blowing peak or probably a full blast of action scenes. It had those peaks but it just wasn't great enough to 'wow' me. The emotional scenes weren't that great. The action scenes were short and not much intensity. Overall, It was still an entertaining movie though, considering the acting, script and story were quite smooth. My advice? Don't expect too much twist & surprise element before you watch it.
평점: 7	리뷰: You cannot make one like the original. The original worked because it was made in the 80s. If the original were made in this era, it would be binned as a B-grade movie.Is this Robocop vanilla? YYYYYY-no. There's this issue about morality vs money and power. It's not totally about revenge like the first one.We enjoyed the original because it had excessive violence which was fun. Do we need to have that again? Do we need new ways of how Robo can beat the crap out of villains? NO.We need a story. There's a little whodunit despite very brief. which is not solved (is it?)It's something like The Amazing Spider-man... That plot was left hanging somewhere in the middle. so i guess we'll see that bad guy again in the sequel.So, I enjoyed it. Give it a shot. It's nothing revolutionary, but who needs that?
평점: 1	리뷰: Just got 1 thing to say,,the opening 10minutes of the movie is a big lia about Iran,which shows how un educated the cast is ,to destroy good figures of one old culture rich country of the world PERSIA,whose heritage is the jewel of all museums round the world.... Those parts is not even necessary,,,but yes,it is nothing more than a fiction that USA is even the good character which is helping world peace,,,Iran,wont be the next target like Pakistan,Afghanistan,Syria, arab countries,Egypt or else where and we do not have bombers like Iraq ,pakistan or Afghanistan,, This movie is just a terrible version of the previous one which used to be my fav movie as a child...and it is very poor in words and concept... The director and cast must be very sorry to base their movie on a fiction rather than a scientific fiction!!! Reminds me of the title of the movie"body of lias"
평점: 6	리뷰: With the recent flood of remakes, prequels and sequels, it would seem that Hollywood has really lost the plot - lacking original new ideas, studio executives are diving into their back catalogues and dusting off perfectly good films and rebooting them for a new generation of audiences. Generally, the results haven't been great. In that context, it's hard to fault a generation of fans for worrying over José Padilha's reboot of Robocop. Fans have fretted at the titular cyborg cop's brand-new, all-black suit and aired doubts about whether the remake can capture the darkly satirical spirit of Paul Verhoeven's 1987 film.As it turns out, the question is whether it should do so. In a handful of moments, Padilha's Robocop displays the same tongue-in-cheek audacity that elevated Verhoeven's film from trashy action flick to socially conscious satire. But it's also an entirely different beast of a film that has its own considerably more sombre agenda. Steering largely clear of the humour that suffuses the 1987 film, Padilha instead homes in on the very human, heartbreaking dilemma posed by a protagonist who wakes up one day as a mix of man and machine.Alex Murphy (Joel Kinnaman) - loving husband, supportive father, upstanding cop - lives in an America that still resists the idea of unfeeling robots patrolling the streets. OmniCorp, led by the Machiavellian Raymond Sellars (Michael Keaton), is keen to bring its machines back to home ground. When Alex is critically injured after a disastrous crime bust, he becomes the prime candidate for OmniCorp's decision to address ground concerns by fusing man with metal. When he wakes up, Alex finds himself in a shiny, metallic new body, crafted by Dr. Dennett Norton (Gary Oldman).What follows is a bitter tug-of-war for Alex's soul, as he goes from wounded hero to test subject. On the one side are his wife Clara (Abbie Cornish) and son David (John Paul Ruttan); on the other, Sellars, Norton and all-purpose henchman Rick Mattox (Jackie Earle Haley). The film wants us and Alex - trapped in between and, more often than not, sedated into submission - to ask important questions about humanity, family and love.In the cinema, it actually works well enough. The pounding action beats come fast and furious, although some are too murkily captured. You'll also find yourself identifying with Alex when he wakes up and his armour is removed, so that he can see just how much (or, to be more accurate, just how little) of his body actually remains. It's a scene that's almost sickening in execution and implication: as Alex breathes in and out, his lungs pumping pink and horrible in the mirror, it's easy to ache for the man who's been lost inside a tangle of machinery and corporate greed. Kinnaman is particularly effective in this moment, his horror and heartbreak worn weary on his face.But poke away at Padilha's plot and it turns out that, in retrospect, there are more than a few chinks in its armour. Quite a few interesting ideas fall disappointingly by the wayside as the film cranks into higher gear, such as the morality of the man within the machine. Padilha actually sets Murphy up as a pretty reckless, hotheaded and vengeful guy, which begs the question whether he has any more right to make life-and-death decisions than an emotionless drone. As the film's core message - an excoriation of American big business and politics - is revealed, so do these notions of character and complexity get buried beneath increasingly tense face-offs between Sellars and Norton.It's frustrating, too, that an element deliberately played up in this incarnation of Robocop - Alex's family - turns out to be so disappointing in the end. As a character, Clara is a colourless washout: she seems to exist only to complicate the plot, signing Alex up for surgery at first and creating problems later when her newly robotised husband is kept away from the family. For a film that seems so concerned with exploring Alex's inner dilemma, it's a problem when the family he's fighting for has to struggle to feel real.To its credit, Padilha's Robocop comes determinedly to life when he plays up the darker side of American politics and big business. His supporting cast in this regard is absolutely first-rate: Keaton oozes through the film, his clean-cut American charm scraping away to reveal the greed lurking within him. In a way, this is just as much Oldman's film as it is Kinnaman's: Dennett Norton's crisis of conscience poses the same questions of a different character - what is it like to be human? When is your soul too effectively sold to the highest bidder? Oldman - who could just as easily have played Keaton's part - is the soul of the movie, tied up in knots as he slowly realises what he has done to Alex.In fact, the film's greatest moment is also among its very last. Samuel L. Jackson, who plays the incredibly pro-Omnicorp reporter Pat Novak, bookends this incarnation of America as he pushes hard - too hard - for robots to patrol America's streets. The way Jackson's scenes are shot are almost gaspingly hard-hitting, packed with a delicious satirical punch that otherwise comes across as too heavy-handed and gloomy during much of the overly serious film. When heading into the cinema, fans of Verhoeven's Robocop might want to adjust their expectations. Strictly speaking, Padilha's version isn't a reboot so much as it is a re-imagination. Taking the same basic premise and characters, Padilha has wrought a darker, more heavy-handed castigation of American big business, one that stands quite well on its own as a morality tale. But the film does also let its protagonist down somewhat, by promising more depth but not quite managing to deliver.
평점: 4	리뷰: The 2014 remake of RoboCop has had everything working against it, fan backlash over the MPAA rating, the new suit, the new Murphy, you name it, it's already been crucified for it. Now that it is so close to being released and screenings are taking place, I highly anticipate a flood of negative reviews coming in because this film was an utter disgrace. Having caught this at an early screening, I can honestly say that it is an extremely painful watch. From the minute it starts, it gave me the strange reminder of Len Wiseman's Total Recall and how awful a remake that was. This Verhoven remake is no different. RoboCop shows fans of the original just how neutered Hollywood studios have become. Instead of an intelligent screenplay, we are handed a half baked story with too many back stories to follow, sub plots get thrown into the mix and never materialize to anything except bloating the running time. The incoherent story makes RoboCop a tough movie to like. While the film isn't hard to follow due to the excessive use of CGI and action, it still is so far from the 1987 original that I wouldn't even call this a remake. A reboot would be more fitting, either way, this film dies mid way through and we're left with an hour that seems like it is three. Jose Padhilla, who came to fame with Elite Squad and Elite Squad 2 does the best he can with the screenplay. On higher notes, the film does feature strong action sequence that are filmed in the vein of a Michael Mann film, which is interesting to see considering the kind of film it is. Padhilla shows that he isn't just another hack director and he tries to elevate RoboCop from a terrible screenplay into a good film and it doesn't work, unfortunately. The performances are, for the most part, lukewarm. The main problem with the actors in RoboCop is that they are not consistent. Our new Murphy is played actually quite well by Joel Kinnamen. Kinnamen brings humanity to Murphy along with a sense of suppressed rage that sits behind his eyes, it's quite amazing. Abbie Cornish is the weakest link here, turning in such a monotone performance as Murphy's wife. The scenes between Kinnaman and her are so forced that they're uncomfortable to watch. We see Kinnaman going the distance but Cornish never seems to want to meet him halfway. Now, the true standout here is Michael Keaton. Keaton is a show stopper in this film, giving off a very Ari Gold persona (for you Entourage fans). He is quite good at portraying an absolute slime ball that only has money on his mind. It really is a true joy to watch him act in this film, it's just an absolute shame that the film is nowhere near as entertaining as him. And now to my biggest gripe...SAMUEL L. JACKSON. Jackson is hands down the most out of place component here, more so than Cornish. While he tries to replace the "Imd buy that for a dollar" guy from the original, he only brings the film down with a pseudo-intellectual speech about America being crime ridden and "robophobic", as the trailer indicates, yet by the end, he is a hybrid of the news anchors and TV personality from the first and it comes out to disastrous results. If Jackson wasn't in this film, I'm sure I would have given this a higher rating. Not because I have anything against Jackson personally but more so his character is so underused in the film that it borders being useless. Overall, RoboCop is not anywhere close to being as good as the first (or second for that matter) and lacks the satirical edge that made the first a classic. The bottom line is that this is not a good film, it features some good qualities but they are largely overshadowed by poor performances, a lacking script and a ridiculous amount of CGI. This is just another example of how NOT to do a remake, maybe after this one, Hollywood will learn...but I doubt it.
평점: 4	리뷰: Is this 2014 version better than the 1987 one? No! The 1987 version was a classic and the new one is just a bad copycat. I went to see this movie with high expectation, but it's a disaster, a total waste of two great actors Michael Keaton and Gary Oldman.There's no depth of this movie, just cheap CGIs. The first Robocop has a lot of human nature and emotions in it, the plots of the new one is just very predictable.I have to say the bad guys in this movie aren't bad enough. Or maybe we can say there're too many villains in it and we can't really see the focus of the movie?
평점: 6	리뷰: Robocop might not live up to your expectations, but that doesn't make it a bad movie. The storyline was good, but there was not as many badass scenes as you would expect, from watching the trailer. *SPOILER* One of the most badass scenes was when Robocop shot his arm off. *SPOILER* Samuel L Jackson was good. Even though his role could be played by anyone else, but because it was Samuel Motherf*king Jackson, the scenes with him were more interesting and fun to watch. The actor playing Robocop was pretty convincing, with his near-expressionless face. I like how both the silver and black suits were used, but it would be cool to see him switch around the combat and tactical suits instead of him using the black suit through. There were also a few homages from the original Robocop, like "Dead or Alive, You're coming with me", which made things cooler. Robocop isn't exactly childish, despite a PG13 rating, but of course, it is nothing as violent as compared to the original Robocop. Robocop not only fights against his will, but there are also conflicts with his family. Its pretty much Robocop owning a bunch of crooks, avenging his "death" with him constantly shooting perfectly. It would be cool to see some close combat scenes with his fists or melee weapons though, instead of just Robocop + a bunch of guns. Not sure if such a thing is possible from the original Robocop, but this is a reboot after all, so it would be cool to see a little variety. In Conclusion, if you are looking for a movie with plenty of shooting, a solid story with no plot twists, a story about robots and humanity, or you just want to see a new Robocop movie (without comparing to the original one), this is the movie you can go for.
평점: 7	리뷰: By 7, it really means a 7.5/10. Not sure what's with the negative reviews, but I enjoyed the movie very much. It's well-executed and the direction was clear and crisp. There's no distinct feel-good actions scenes because the pacing is kept constant throughout and I don't see why there's an issue with the pacing being that way. It's hardly flat, it's just a very honest, straight- flushed story-telling, and it fits the themes that are underscored by the movie. Alex Murphy is a reluctant hero and he's ultimately a father and a husband whose personal agenda serves as his existential core. I like how these themes are teased out and zoomed in upon throughout the movie. Also, there are some absolutely delicious production details and CGIs that are just absolutely feasts to the eye. Not to mention the superb cast and the wonderful performances. I think this is a honest and loyal reboot that will appeal to fans of Robocop who fell in love with the story precisely for the moralistic themes it explores.
평점: 5	리뷰: With Hollywood at a loss to make original movies, it was inevitable that the Robocop franchise would eventually get the reboot. In 1987, the original Robocop became an instant box office hit with its mixture of witty satire and over the top violence as well as top notch acting by Peter Weller, Kurtwood Smith and Ronny Cox; the deciding factor in what made that movie so fresh at the time was the addition of Dutch director Paul Verhoeven who seemed to understand what the audience at the time needed: a high tech cyborg (artfully designed by special effects whiz Rob Bottin and its robotic suit would become a cinema icon) who fought crime in a near future world overwhelmed by greed, hypocrisy, corruption and excessive, almost cartoonish violence.In this reboot, the studios were able to acquire the services of Brazilian director Jose Padiha (who directed Elite Squad and its sequel, two intense police thrillers set in his native Brazil) but unfortunately they forgot to give him a good script to work with (there were rumors during production that Padiha had a lot of ideas that were nixed by studio bosses. Figures.). The other reason why the original movie also worked was because its R rating worked in its favor: the enormous amount of bloodletting added to its satirical view of the future as well as that of American culture which really spoke to the audience. With this reboot aimed at more family friendly crowds, the PG-rated violence is filmed using rapid jump cuts which makes it totally confusing, its like watching a video game on fast forward so that by the time your mind registers what's going on the scene is finished.The movie itself also suffers from pacing problems- just when the narrative is about to steamroll forward, the scenes abruptly change so that any emotional momentum is lost because there just isn't much characterization of the main parts; everything that should have an emotional impact is glossed over by a jump to a new scene with way too much focus on explanations of what the characters are doing so that the audience fails to gain sympathy for anybody.I can't really judge Joel Kinnaman's acting in the title role since there really isn't much for him to do other than walk around in the Robocop suit and utter a few words every now and then- he seems to spend too much time bug eyed and in shock more than anything else. The supporting cast also seems wasted, with Michael Keaton and Jackie Earle Haley's screen time largely limited to trying to explain whats going on rather than actually doing anything. Even Michael K Williams seems lost as Robocop's sidekick. Patrick Garrow as the heavy is pretty much a cardboard villain compared to the 1987 version with the menacing Kurtwood Smith and his gang of killer psychos. Gary Oldman's performance is pretty much average since he's also got nothing much to do.Alas, the biggest disappointment is the movie's absence of any sort of humor: the 1987 film had boatloads of wacky commercials that interrupted the narrative yet provided a great view on how that future world was set up as well as crazy, sadistic villains and a pun on the name of the chief baddie (Dick Jones- best name ever). Instead, we get snippets of a news media show run by Samuel L Jackson whose presence in this movie is also wasted since he spends more time recapping what we already saw and his jokes fall flat.The only good scene happens right at the beginning with a battle between Iranian insurgents and the robot army but soon after the movie quickly loses momentum and never regains it. Better to skip this one and wait for the rental, or better yet, watch the 1987 version- its way better.
평점: 10	리뷰: I just saw the premier of this movie today here in the Philippines and I was amazed by the special robotic effects how would they formed up all those sorts of technology the movie came into futuristic look like perfection. It's kinda different than the classic Robocop, however, this movie stands of its own story and interesting plot with up-to-the-edge of your seat ride of the intense gun fire action scenes. As far as robotic kind of movie is concern, for me, this is far better than "Iron Man 3" and Hugh Jackman's 2011 "Real Steel".If IMDb would only allow me to rate this movie more than 10 stars, then maybe I already would have rated this movie to the most top of their rating section. If you're looking for intense computer-game-like rapid gun fire action and jaw-dropping stunt entertainment then this is for you. This movie has also better family-drama attachment story than the classic one.THIS IS A MUST TO WATCH MOVIE to date this month, don't listen to the brickbats, they have weird tastes of the movie they like, but go watch and entertain yourself!
평점: 6	리뷰: With the original RoboCop being the only film I've ever seen that I would genuinely say is perfect, I was very hesitant in terms of this reboot. I was worried about the PG-13 rating, the casting, the plot, essentially everything you could be worried about. I'm glad to say that this reboot is an entertaining film in it's own right. This is definitely a reboot, not a remake, while a fair amount of concepts and plot points are reminiscent of the original this is it's own film that takes a completely different approach to the premise of RoboCop. I personally am glad they did not go down the Total Recall route of trying to be a remake but ending up a complete shell of the original with nothing new to bring to the table. The decision to take RoboCop down a different path means that you are able to see him in ways you had never really considered, which I enjoyed a large amount. While I certainly don't think people will be watching it thirty years down the line as we do with the original, it's a good time for both the hard core RoboCop fan and the complete newcomer (who absolutely needs to watch the original).
평점: 6	리뷰: First things first. I don't think Robocop needed a reboot. Its original still stands strong today. But, in my opinion, it just isn't a movie that needed a reboot. Let's face it, it was just your typical 80's action film, complete with blood, bullets, explosions and damage. Paul Verhoeven's 1987 original may have had Jesus-like references in it, but it was still a movie about a robot cop shooting and blowing up stuff. Hardly the most intellectual material.Anyway, this is an action film, and should be treated as such. The 2014 version smartly detours from the previous film, with OmniCorp wanting a human touch added to its cyborg judicial units. An opening scene dictating what happens when a cyborg is faced with a child trying to protect his wrong-doing father is an interesting setup to this premise.Alex Murphy (Joel Kinnaman) is a good cop who's investigates the wrong villain, and ends up getting blown up as a result. Murphy's wife (Abbie Cornish) signs the papers to let Murphy continue living as a part human, part robot, as the boss of Omnicorp (Michael Keaton) attempts to add the human touch to his robotic defenders. He's assisted by Dr Dennett Norton (Gary Oldman), who struggles with the need to meet his bosses demands, whilst also caring for the man within the suit.Like the original, the true essence of the story comes from the man vs the machine side of Robocop, with Murphy's conscious much more present in this film, as is the role his family plays. His interaction with his family becomes a more critical part of the film, as his wife battles to keep touch with her husband, whilst Omnicorp try to maximise his potential. However, the film rarely manages to achieve any real emotional depth on this side of things, and the film slides into a typical action film eventually, which, given the title, shouldn't really come as a surprise. There's a few good action sequences, especially when Robocop is put through his paces against his robotic compatriots in the training grounds.Kinnaman works well with the title role, switching between the emotional Murphy and the deadpan Robocop with relative comfort. Keaton and Cornish all do decent jobs with roles that don't really go into much depth, whilst Oldman adds his presence to a critical role of Robocop's minder. Samual L. Jackson's role of the opinionated TV journalist is an interesting addition, but perhaps not really necessary as far as plot development goes.In the end, this is an action film, and on the action front, it delivers reasonably well. But there is a lack of emotion and character development to really make this any more than a popcorn flick. Given the original's popularity. it wouldn't surprise me to see this film do well, and as a result, spawn a sequel. But, I would hope not. It's a franchise that should just be left alone, and perhaps, should've been left alone prior to this instalment.
평점: 8	리뷰: Alex, is you still there? Clara, stand away. I said things were complicated. Please give me some time. All I need is my husband back.Human and robot were diametrically opposed to each other. We built the robot for facility, but now we tried to replace human with it. People were scared and panic, afraid of robot's non-compassion and no- mercy. Even one day we put a human in the robot, we controlled and manipulated him(it), treating him as a machine. Tragedy happened. We sought justice and safety, trying to pacify the world that the robot was safe and necessary for crime precaution. Guess what?? The answer emerged. We were false and wrong. We built a hero, a robocop, to lie the masses. Something we desired was to justify the use of the robot. However, what we did was diverged, which leaded us to dig our own grave. The nature of a human, our instinct, was unchangeable and spontaneous. Never should we combine a man with a robot no matter how sophisticated it is.As a alert for all humans, we should keep our eyes on the use of the robots, or disaster will occur. "The power of picture" for people who want to discuss more with me can join this group in Facebook, Gikkingen Humbert.
평점: 8	리뷰: Never ever we will have a movie that will make us forget the original. However, this movie might be a better beginning for letting two other sequel that will make us forget the movies 2 & 3 from the 90'. They made a nearly good job with most of the actions scenes and the plot but there are some design and casting problems that is making the movie disappointing at some crucial moments, like no real bad ass, no charismatic main character: even Keaton and Oldman seems to overplay. The only surprises are Kinnaman and Jackson that really fit in their roles. About Design, only ED-209 and black-Grey robot design are all right, but the entire black is NOT enjoyable on screen, hopefully at the end of the movie we got confirmation that we wont see the black suit again in the possible sequels. The only appreciable thing is the helmet with red lights, the bike is convenient and make things going faster in the movie. One last thing, but no least, the soundtrack is unpleasant, the background music in the trailer could have been a good tune for the entire movie, but no they used a digitally mixed part of the main theme of the original movie, not the best idea.
평점: 8	리뷰: Before i say anything, I just want you guys to know that I am huge fan of the original movie.. watched it as kid and I still watch it 25 years later at least once to twice a year.The new RoboCop is how reboots should be done, it is very much different than the original in all ways possible, it's more serious, deep and it touches subjects that matter now in post 2010 and not the problems in the 80s. It deals with Murphy's humanity, his struggle, his heart and soul, things that ere never touched in the Original.i am so glad they rebooted the franchise because quite frankly the original's sequels were so bad. and RoboCop deserved better adventures to tackle. Gray Oldman was phenomenal and Michael Keaton just reminded me why he is one of my favorites actors. Action scenes are nice and you get something between the original RoboCop and the more modern Ironman movies. The movie is no masterpiece, It's no The Dark Knight but it can get there if it hopefully continued further.Just watch it with an open mind guys, just like how we all are going to watch Batman or Superman get rebooted countless times with different takes and themes, same with RoboCop.. It has to have its own direction.Finally I would rate this a 7.5/10 and in the current line of RoboCop movies it sits in second place after the Original.
평점: 6	리뷰: I am still deciding between a 6 or 7 for this film but I can safely say it is a satisfying reboot. Now obviously comparing this remake to the original RoboCop is quite unfair because let's face it the original is never getting topped ever no matter how many remakes/reboots are made. I went in with a mindset of not going to be better but the movie should end up good which is the right mindset way to go. You have to keep in mind that original RoboCop was rated X and remake RoboCop is PG13 or 15 so there are a lot differences. Let's break it down below.Now this remake tells the story of RoboCop in the future rather present time (at that time) which is a nice interesting concept with internet, crime history files, CCTV data in play for RoboCop.When I first heard about Joel playing Alex Murphy, upon watching his interviews I did not believe he is the right pick. In the movie I guess he played his part well, he was just not written well, Alex Murphy was more of an attitude Mr. I am so cool cop, which I personally did not enjoy, his RoboCop was not that bad though, a little cool really. That is one of the "bads" of the movie, along with the writing and the villain was no memorable at all, in fact he sucked. There is obviously more than one villain but the starting could have been so much better. the climax of the film was not hard hitting as how a climax should be. The worst part is the whole point and core importance of RoboCop is a machine who journeys his was back to human conscious and emotions, I will not spoil but it is done differently here, which is bad because that is the one important thing they should have kept. Shaky cameras at the beginning made it a bit hard to watch, and of course Detroit looked so safe, and clean, which obviously is also a problem in this remake, which connects to the fact its not a dystopian future as how it should be.The "goods" on the other hand include Michael Keaton who was amazing, seriously you just love him, Welcome Back Michael! Gary Oldman also was excellent, he is a character you will end up loving throughout the movie. Jackie Earle Haley was quite a douche-bag but he played a great douche-bag so well done there. Abbie Cornish deserves praise because you feel her pain, sadness, and frustration in the film so that is good acting there. The comedy side of the movie is held by Jay Barchel who was hilarious, I laugh every time I see him. Graphics are good. Concept was nice. Story was not very strong however, although the satire in the movie is still there and not bad, just not very in-depth.Ultimately, the new RoboCop is ONLY good if you do not compare it to the original. You can compare Stallone's Judge Dredd to Urban's Dredd since Stallone's Dredd was terrible while Urban's was a massive upgrade. This film on the other hand every person knows it will be better than the original, so watch it with the mind set of "It will not be better than the original but I still want a nice movie."You do get an alright movie. Its just not re-watchable a bunch of times unlike original RoboCop which can be re-watched a 100 times in a row.
평점: 4	리뷰: This film is not worth a watch in the cinema. Even if you watch it on TV, it isn't worth getting all your attention. This film is just incredibly bad, I have no idea why the original one has such a good rating. Must be because in former times things like a human being stuck in a robot was just new and therefore spectacular.But we are in the damn 21th century, it's 2014! You can't just bring up things we already see daily in commercials. There was nothing new, everything boring, the story was so bad..logic was missing permanentely. And why do you cast these actors? Apart from Jackson and "Conditioner" (ahah) Gordon all of them didn't act very well.I really regret it.
평점: 7	리뷰: I know I have seen the first RoboCop film by Paul Veerhoven back in 1987. That was big film back then. I do not really recall much detail about it anymore, except that it was about a policeman who was morphed into a cyborg. This is new RoboCop film is rated PG-13 and my kids wanted to watch it more than I did. However, since it was receiving good reviews so far, we gave it a go.The year is 2028, and OmniCorp supplies the world with robotic drones to take over military duties overseas. However, domestically, OmniCorp CEO Raymond Sellars is meeting opposition from Congress. So he decides to develop a robot with a human conscience. So with the cybernetic talents of Dr. Dennett Norton, the first RoboCop was born from Officer Alex Murphy who was critically-injured in an explosion.I do not really recall how faithful this was to the 1987 original or not, but this film was quite a solid one on its own. The backstory was good, with the political angles and the corporate greed all there to make it interesting. The special effects showing what is left of RoboCop's human body behind all the armor was disturbing. The gun fight scenes of RoboCop vs. drones were shot like we were in a frenetic shootout video game, shaky cam and all. I did not recognize the actor who played Alex Murphy when we were watching. It turned out to be one Joel Kinnaman, a new name for me. He lacked a strong charisma on screen as lead actor, so the movie had a B- movie feel when he was on. To his credit though, Kinnaman was able to portray the internal battle between his character's humanity vs. the technology of RoboCop very well.Fortunately, there were big names there like Gary Oldman (as the sympathetic Dr. Norton), Michael Keaton (as the snaky and ruthless Mr. Sellars) and Samuel L. Jackson (hilarious as the pro-robot TV personality Pat Novak) in supporting roles to elevate this film to A levels. Abbie Cornish is also there, playing Alex's conflicted wife Clara.This is a straight-out futuristic action movie. It somehow felt like one of those Marvel films, like "Iron Man", the way it was done by Director José Padilha. The computer-generated actions scenes tends to overwhelm the human element though.While it was exciting in the action sequences and thought-provoking in the moral dilemmas it presents, ultimately, it somehow also felt like the remake of another Paul Verhoven film, "Total Recall." This was not really necessary, except to resurrect the character for the newer generation of movie viewers.
평점: 8	리뷰: OK, so the trailers for this movie had made me very badly predisposed towards it, being a really big fan of the originals (yes, Robocop 2 and 3 included). But I won an invitation for the first screening in my country so I thought why not.Well, it is much better than I expected and than what the trailers show. I won't go into spoilers, but my biggest issue with the trailer was the fact that Murphy knows from the beginning what they did to him, no memory erase and all. Well, I have to say that they are actually handling this very well in the film and it's not that simple. It actually sets the tone for the impressive second half of the movie.During the first half of the movie I was like "OK, it's a nice film but not near what the first film accomplished". Well, it's like they heard me, because the second half feels pretty much like the old ones!The script uses actually some of the best concepts of the first two films. Joel Kinnaman does a pretty good job as both Alex Murphy and Robocop. He doesn't manage to steal the impression that Peter Weller made of course, but he truly does a good job. I hope we see more of him in the future. All in all, to all those who, like me, had low expectations from this film: give it a chance. It's much better than what the abysmal trailers let you think. By the way, what is it with awful trailers to good films lately? First Pacific Rim and now this...Oh, and there are sequel hooks for a movie that will be even closer to the originals. Here's hoping...
평점: 4	리뷰: I'm a fan of the original 'RoboCop' movie  I find it to be fun,  satirical, enjoyably violent and overall very good. Naturally, I wasn't  very thrilled when I heard it was getting a remake. I was even less  thrilled when I heard the remake will be rated PG-13. I mean  how can  you make a 'RoboCop' movie without excessive violence and blood squibs?  Now that I have seen the movie, I can freely say that the PG-13 rating  is the least of this movie's problems. Initially, I didn't want to  compare the remake to the original, I wanted to view it and review it  as a stand-alone movie. Now that I have seen it, I think I'll have to  compare the two movies after all, since the remake possesses none of  the qualities that made the original such a classic, and by simple  comparison I can easily explain why the remake is an utterly flawed and  ridiculous movie.  The movie opens with a political show, called the Novak Element, led by  the host Pat Novak (Samuel L. Jackson), during which we see a news  footage of OmniCorp droids (including the famous ED-209 and the freshly  introduced humanoid drones called ED-208) patrolling and inspecting the  streets of some Islamic state. Novak compliments the droids and then  starts attacking The Dreyfuss Act  a law that forbids the deployment  of such drones in the USA. We are then introduced to Raymond Sellars  (Michael Keaton), the CEO of OmniCorp, who is trying to find ways of  tricking The Dreyfuss Act and start deploying his products in the USA.  He gets the idea of incorporating both man and machine into an ultimate  law enforcement product. We are then introduced to our protagonist   Alex Murphy (Joel Kinnaman)  who is soon heavily injured in an  explosion and is used as a guinea pig in this newest OmniCorp program.  Like I said before: the 'RoboCop' remake lacks everything that was good  in the original movie. First of all, there's no worthy satire in the  movie. Society is sometimes mocked through the character of Pat Novak,  but the satire isn't very subtle nor intelligent  actually, I'd say it  is very primitive and expeditionary. Second of all, the nature of  Robocop's character is very different from the original movie; he's not  a robot, but more a man in a robotic suit, and his family plays a  fairly big role in the movie. And I would be perfectly fine with these  changes if the main actor, Joel Kinnaman, didn't have the charisma of a  paper bag and could, as a matter of fact, act (!), and if Abbie Cornish  (who plays the role of Alex Murphy's wife  Clara Murphy) wasn't so  irritatingly bland. The revelation of the RoboCop suit and the suit  itself were also poorly done. In one scene, Michael Keaton's character  criticizes the suit design that appeared in the original movie by  saying something along these lines: the original suit wasn't tactical  enough. Well, at least the original suit didn't look like a black  dildo!  The villains in the movie didn't get a much better treatment, either.  Among the several villains that appeared in the movie, none was  memorable or even remotely interesting. But, to be fair, not everything  sucks about the 'RoboCop' remake. Some of the acting was OK (mostly by  experienced actors like Jackson, Keaton and Oldman) and the special  effects did look really good. But what's the use of awesome special  effects when the majority of the movie's boring and tedious? Add to all  the aforementioned flaws the PG-13 rating, which destroyed the  potential of some scenes, and you'll get one weak and forgettable  movie. In the original, one of the most memorable lines goes 'I'd buy  that for a dollar'. In addition to butchering everything else, the  remake also butchered this line. In one scene, Jackie Earle Haley's  character Mattox bashes the concept of Robocop saying he 'wouldn't buy  that for a dollar'. As for myself, if I knew upon purchasing my ticket  what horrors were awaiting, I wouldn't have bought it for a dollar.  Rating: 4/10
평점: 3	리뷰: Personally, I was really disappointed by this movie, it seemed to fail to have what I would call courage & conviction to play its part in the myth that is Robocop. While having a setting of more than just a theme of Cops & Robbers, it delves into the world of corporate business that has a hold on the whole shebang. This is a lightweight contention that has a simple story of family, corruption, science and revenge; all-well-and-good, but it still lacks any grit that constitutes this type of genre. The lack of any no-holds-barred grown-up action lets it down that in turn makes this more of a Saturday Matinée than a Midnight Movie. This was an experience without spirit, and at times predictable filmmaking, you simply saw what was coming next albeit in the script department, no originality and far too bland to warrant any real crash-bang-wallop. What, too, lets this film seem more than tedious is its touch of extreme narcissistic values on its repetitive characteristic that it has to perpetually tell the viewer that there is only one Nation and that within this one nation, and its one peoples', there is the only one alternative to this new, futuristic Brave New World. Its stance here quickly becomes sour and reaches the point of obnoxiousness that never recedes. This is more than reflective psychology but a dim look into an attitude that conveys a world of narrow vision and one-dimensional traits. The character's are too clichéd, too stereotyped; bland and, once more, one-dimensional, while Mr. Oldman and Mr. Keaton do do their jobs finely but add no real depth to the score, the remainder are too easily forgot. The use of Samuel L. Jackson's Pat Novak, can, at best, be described as a wasted exercise; this go-between is an unnecessary attempt to project this films narrative further. This not only fails at its job, but also could well have diluted the films mainstay. Whilst the action sequences' and effects' are slightly passable it, while not too surprising and exciting, is barely holding the whole piece together, it slips quietly under the radar, only popping its narrative head up more than often to remind its viewer who, exactly, is its target audience. To conclude it is a weak project that could have being firing on all cylinders but instead tends to backfire due to the lack of any real want for the film to finish first at the finish line.
평점: 5	리뷰: Okay, so very few people were confident about this remake. The original has such a huge fan base that a reboot seems like blasphemy to most.So how does this hold up? Well, it looks like butter, it at times tastes like butter, but brother, it ain't butter. Believe it.The film lacks something and I think I know what it is; there is no real villain. Instead of building up a super-villain for Murphy to fight to the death with, it toys with different characters as his foe, never really committing to one or the other. Kurtwood Smith is an evil son of a gun in the original because he shoots Murphy to pieces. Its up close and personal. In this, well, the guy that car bombs (lame) our robotic cop gets about 2 minutes of screen time with very little back story. Frankly, you just don't care.The plot seems more concerned about Murphy trying to cope with becoming an amputee and him and his family learning to accept his new circumstances, which frankly, when you see what he looks like without the armour, is just disturbing. Instead of being an awesome action flick, you just feel bad for the guy. The reality of the situation is just too harsh in its portrayal and you end up thinking maybe he would be better off dead. Do you want to pay good money to question your ideological values towards quality of life or do you want to see robocop go toe to toe with a man who shot him to s***? I know what I'd buy for a dollar. Also, on a side note: Samuel L. Jackson needs to stop being in films. While his appearance at first is welcome, by the end it feels very cheap and unnatural. The anti-American war effort message starts to get a little forced down your throat and before you start screaming that I'm a flag loving American, I'm a Brit, and even I felt the satire was a bit in your face.The film shouldn't upset people too badly, it could honestly be much worse and it does have some passable moments with a couple of good nods to the original. Just don't get your hopes too high.
평점: 8	리뷰: 'Robocop' 2014 is one those films you already go into the cinema hating. The now decades long trend for inferior, puerile rehashes of flawed but culturally important films that insult not only their inspiration but the audience as well has produced numerous cinematic atrocities, not least the 2012 crime against humanity "Total Recall". So we went in with our rotten tomatoes and witty insults to hand, ready for the appalling poorly rendered 12a travesty that the underwhelming trailers promised. However, as the film went on, we found it was actually quite good, and so we waited patiently for the whole thing to fall apart, yet it never did. At the roll of the credits this remake had turned out to be (deep breath..) GOOD! The one to blame for this is obviously Brazilian director Jose Padhila, a veteran and experienced maker of home grown action thrillers who knows how to tell a story and shoot cool action, but we must also point fingers at novice screenwriter Joshua Zetumer who instead of a simplistic video game powered by a collection of the latest 9/11 truther internet memes has actually (the horror!) dared write an intelligent and perceptive piece analysing the role of technology in prosthetics and warfare and the pros and cons of progress.This new incarnation tells the same story but focuses on different angles. The original was about corporate crime, greed, backstabbing, untouchable drug gangs and something that was just spare parts finding its humanity again. However, in the three decades since, technology has made enormous strides and we now have advanced bionic prosthetics, brain wave activated machines and military drones slowly replacing traditional warriors, as well as high-tech gadgets of every description a part of our everyday life. So 'the old man' is now a Steve Jobs/Bill Gates type, Raymond Sellers (Michael Keaton) and the Ed-209s and android soldiers OMNICORP manufactures actually work very well. The question is no longer 'can the human element make these dumb machines actually work?' but 'they work but the American people don't trust them and neither does Congress. Can adding a human element to a machine make the person on the street warm to robo warriors?" So we have our 2014 version of Officer Murphy, played by Joel Kinnaman, who is not killed in a failed bust but terribly injured in a car bombing by corrupt officers he is tracking down. His wife Clara (Abby Cornish) is not kept in the dark but signs the release forms, and when Murphy wakes up he is not back from the dead but merely reanimated in an almost totally cybernetic body (We are treated to a very disturbing view of just what little is left of Murphy's shattered body in a way the 18 cert originals never showed) mind intact. In fact it is his mind, his emotions that get in the way, forcing his benign creator, Dr Norton (Gary Oldman) to tone them down until he is little more than a zombie, which creates even more problems. The question is not 'can we control him?' but 'can he control himself?' With the vote on the anti-robot act passing through Congress, there is everything to play for in swaying public opinion, not just to make money by putting robots on the streets, but to improve law enforcement and offer hope for paraplegics. But with new horizons there are problems no one can foresee, and difficult and morally compromising decisions have to be made by everybody.The backstabbing company politics are mostly gone in this Microsoft-y OMNICORP, and even the vicious cackling psycho druggy crime gangs of the originals are replaced by rather dull, professional criminals who deal in guns and drugs, led by Boddicker stand in Antoine Vallon (Patrick Garrow) who prove no threat. The ones responsible for his condition are his fellow officers, and their 'high up ally' will prove quite surprising. The action however is top notch, thanks to Padhila's pedigree, shot cohesively (no quick cuts crap) and with a palpable sense of sweat and danger. The inclusion of Murphy's wife and young son as key players looked like another 'cute kid and family values' play but it turns out to be anything but. This change in dynamics means that Officer Lewis is now a black guy since the 'unrequited crush' angle no longer works, but to compensate the shouty black chief is now a woman (Marianne Jeanne Baptiste of all people!). Verhoven's acid humour, inspired by the Judge Dredd comics Robocop 87 was meant to originally be about, is gone now, as are those crazy adverts, but in their place we have Samuel L Jackson as Pat Novak, a rabble rousing TV shock jock who tries to sway the pulse of the nation OMNICORPs way. Detroit, which in real life is now far worse than even the Delta City 1 stand in of the original, is here shown to be quite a nice, affluent white collar city with only pockets of crime here and there, so the general seediness and sense of decay is also gone. Murphy is no longer Robo-Jesus but more the cripple who gets off his bed and walks. The more modest storyline however means that the final act dramatics feel wrong and shoehorned in, an excuse for a chase and a fight when sitting down and talking seem better. The cast all round is great, including Jackie Earl Hayley as a robot wrangler, and Jay Baruchel as a cocky marketing guy.This film is a Robocop for 2014, not replacing the classic original but addressing ideas and dilemmas of our modern times. An intelligent thriller and a decent remake, this is a rare surprise indeed, and gives us faint hope for future 'reimaginings'.
평점: 9	리뷰: I'll keep this short and simple: this movie will be what you want it to be. If you are wholeheartedly against the changes they've made to RoboCop and have spent the past 2 years complaining on internet forums about how you don't like his black suit, how it's not R-rated, or how all remakes suck then you wont enjoy yourself here. As a long time RoboCop fan I wanted to give this a chance and I am so glad I did. It's everything a RoboCop fan could want in a film and easily the best thing to happen since the incarnation of the character in 1987. Because lets face it; Robo 2 was okay, Robo 3 was a disaster and everything since (TV show, comics) have all been terrible... this franchise needed a change.This is perhaps why I enjoyed it so much; I wanted change. It's hard to compare the original with this one because they are so different. While the original focused more on all-out mayhem, crazy villains, its satirical approach to American culture and its use of black humour -- this film focuses more on the realism, dramatic and emotional side of RoboCop/Murphy. It deals with themes of corruption, political propaganda and real human emotions. This film to me feels like what "Batman Begins" (2005) was to "Batman" (1989). Both a fantastic and equally good movies but very different in their executions of the character.I'm not saying this will be for everyone but if you are a real RoboCop fan not afraid of change or a newcomer to the franchise then its well worth a look. If you're stuck in the past and would rather watch the inferior sequels again over this then that's your decision; but you're missing out big time.
평점: 9	리뷰: I am a die-hard fan of the original Robocop movies (more the first two rather than the third) as well as the TV series. As far as claims of "destroying the franchise" go I definitely believe the Dark Justice mini-series still claims that title.There is no doubt, a lot of fans were very concerned when they saw the trailer and the new "suit". It's a huge deviation from the accepted canon of Robocop, and my initial impression was that this movie would be an extremely poor remake.Now, don't get me wrong - this movie definitely does not surpass the original Robocop (this is definitely no Nolan Batman trilogy) but it's actually a very interesting and quite entertaining movie in it's own right -- but more in a 'Aliens vs Predator' popcorn flick, rather than a timeless classic.The good: I actually think the new robocop suit worked quite well; and I oddly enough now find myself thinking the new suit is more believable than the slow, clunky version of the 80s. Whilst not nearly as violent as the original it offers plenty of action and you will not be disappointed with the action scenes. As shown in the trailer a huge deviation from the canon is that Murphy's family are more involved this time around and it made for an interesting (but underused) plot device. There are also plenty of one-liner references to the original movie to pay homage for the fans --- I'd buy that for a dollar!Samuel L Jackson's Pat Novak (an obvious take on the likes of O'Reilly Factor style "news" shows) was brilliantly done as the film's satire device - and Jackson clearly lavished this role. (His last few lines in the film are quite brilliant).However, some niggles do hold this movie back from being the classic that the original was. The script, whilst enjoyable, simply does not have anywhere near the depth of the original. Whilst there are some dark moments it is not terribly engaging; this is more a statement of how brilliant the original was however, rather than a statement on this movie. So long as you're not comparing it to the original, this movie is a 9/10 and quite a lot of fun.But, Peter Weller will always be 'Robocop'.
평점: 10	리뷰: The film was met by very positive reviews. I personally enjoyed the film, immensely. The plot from what I could understand, was very simple that Alex is a cop on Detroits streets. There was an attempted murder done on him, his injuries was so severe. He only had the head and lungs and one hand left fromt he explosion. So to save what was left from him, they made a manRobot or "Tinman". It was most impressive. Only two faults I found with the film. There was no need in my opinion for the TV presenter style of the movie. Samuel L. Jackson don't get me wrong did a fantastic job, however with that in mind I didn't' see the logic in it. And secondly fault, I personally am not into seeing body parts namely the lungs and brain. LIke when they were removing a machine part that was implanted in the brain, I personally wouldn't want to see it. If you want to see body parts, go and look at medical programs such as Grey's Anatomy or Casualty etc., I totally enjoyed the film no doubt. The action in it. Aww it brought back great memories. from the childhood. It brought great expectations and lives to its name.
평점: 6	리뷰: I, unlike many others, do not hold Paul Verhoven's 1987 RoboCop dear to my heart. I would even argue that of all the cult favourites from the VHS era that are inevitably remade, this one was actually ripe for an update. Yet Jose Padilha's slick and glossy reboot has undoubtedly missed a trick. Focussing on making this an iRoboCop for the smartphone generation – the set pieces are certainly sleeker and more sophisticated – Padilha's cautionary message on the use of drones is all but forgotten by the end credits, despite being as subtle as a sledgehammer to the face. There's also the little problem of employing the oversaturated Samuel L. Jackson in a bombastic role and underusing the talented Abbie Cornish as Robo's suffering wife. Where this remake succeeds though is in the pure entertainment factor; whereas its predecessor was aiming for gory, subversive b-grade griminess, RoboCop 2.0 aspires for polished, frenetic action that sits comfortably in the popcorn genre, and on that level it largely works. Joel Kinnaman capably fills Peter Weller's shoes as the Detroit cop, and family man, who's afforded a second chance at life as a law-enforcing machine, whilst Michael Keeton is amusingly slimy as corporate moneymaker Raymond Sellars and Gary Oldman adds depth and intellect as the conflicted Dr Dennett Norton. Those who approach this as the big-budget blockbuster it is will be reasonably gratified, devotees of the original will likely be dissatisfied.
평점: 6	리뷰: The original RoboCop grounded itself in satire and comedy. The robocop in that film, though mostly machine, often displayed a lot of human emotion and human wit. He told jokes. He understood sarcasm. He very convincingly mocked the police system. The film itself was chockablock with blood and exploding limbs. Often it all looked very comical. This new RoboCop is sleeker, smarter, faster, deeper, more tragic, and ultimately much needed.I thoroughly enjoyed this remake, and that's because it devotes a lot of its time and attention to Alex Murphy the man, not to robocop. There is a scene early on that demonstrates this difference. Murphy returns home after a hard day's work to be with his family. He tucks his son into bed and promises to watch hockey games with him. He retreats to his bedroom with his wife (Abbie Cornish) for a romantic night. His car alarm interrupts the undressing. What happens next you've already seen in the trailers.This scene is strategic because it introduces us to Murphy's family. Yes, it's a little bit contrived, but it's something the original film lacked. In order to feel for this man, we need to know what he has to lose. In the original, Murphy's family was only shown to us via memories and dreams. They could've been dead for all we knew. Here, they are very much alive, and Murphy's wife plays a larger role. By the end of the movie we are not sure if we feel more sorry for Murphy or for his family.The general idea of RoboCop, in case you missed the 1987 original directed by Paul Verhoeven, involves a police officer becoming a robot, or a cyborg. In order for this to happen, he has to die, or come dangerously close to death. All that has to survive are his neurological signs. The technology, developed by the Omni corporation, ensures that his physical body can be manufactured. The reason for this transformation, however, is different in both films.In the original, the Omni corporation wanted a more efficient law enforcer. They released a prototype machine that malfunctioned, causing the board of directors to push for a more organic approach. In this remake, robots are already patrolling the streets of foreign countries. Now, OmniCorp — headed by Raymond Sellars (Michael Keaton) — wants to disperse its robots to the streets of America. A debate rises. Do the people of America want humans with intuition, judgement and logic keeping them safe? Or do they want efficient robots protecting them and the lives of their law enforcers? "Not a single police officer has to die in the line of duty ever again", Raymond ensures.Raymond wants his machines protecting America, thus bloating his bank account. The United States congress believes nothing beats human intuition. Raymond and his PR team come up with the solution: Put a handicapped man in a mechanical body and give the people what they want. The best of both worlds. They find Murphy, badly charred and disfigured after a murder attempt sends his car up in flames. With the help of R&D chief, Dr. Dennett Norton (Gary Oldman), they create robocop.Murphy is played by Swedish-American actor, Joel Kinnaman, who does a fine job of underacting. This is ideal because he spends most of the movie sedated, stoned, or rigid-faced. I am not familiar with his work, but I suspect he was chosen because his mouth, chin, and voice bear uncanny similarities to Peter Weller's. His downgrade from human being to monotone machine is well charted. And at times it's very painful to witness. Director José Padilha does well to draw his transformation to the foreground. Here is a man whose only hope for survival is to become a machine. And in order for him to become a successful machine he has to surrender his humanity. Where is the line that separates us from them?RoboCop takes its time with its characters. It gives us the space to lend sympathy. We are familiar with Murphy's plight, but we are not familiar with what this plight does to him. Now we are. Now we can see that he isn't a hero; he's the victim. His whole life is nothing but a test. A gimmick to help promote OmniCorp's arrogance. The original RoboCop was a gritty and gory action flick that exalted its titular character to superheroism. It lacked depth and patience, and it never penetrated robocop's metallic exterior. If I had to judge this remake on its own, I would've given it 3 stars out of 5. Compared to the original, it gets 4.
평점: 6	리뷰: Just watched it and yes I took the good with the bad.Without any spoilers i'm just going to assess the film.First half was terrible, until Murphy becomes Robocop there is nothing interesting, and frankly it's all a boring cliché.Then however you are introduced to the best part of the movie, and believe me it's good.The main part/thesis is just brilliant. They get all the drama right, actors did a great job, this is when the movie fully comes to life.Climax - not so good.Kind of an anti-climatic final scenes as they build up to something spectacular, but fail to achieve it with a simple ending.Major pros: Murphy's transformation is great. This angle of him remembering everything was done way better than I expected, a true masterpiece.Satire was great, just like the original this one has all the modern mockery you need and then some, you just have to look a bit deeper.Great acting. Yeah, sure there are some phoned in performances here and there, but Abbie Cornish, Joel Kinnaman and Garry Oldman deliver when it matters most.Jackie Earl makes a hell of a role, although simple, it's satisfying!Cons:Boring Murphy before his "death". Running time needed to be longer - it was clear that they had to sacrifice some of the more dramatic tension scenes to the action ones, which are not really that good(except in the final third). With an extra 20 minutes to flesh out some parts and make some more interesting, this could have been a 8/10 movie.Clichéd characters - Main protagonist was badly written, although portrayed nice. A police corruption that they could have dwelled deeper into.Uneven production values and timing of the script.A hope for a better sequel, now that they've laid out the foundations.Padilha, you the man! I hope the studio gives him more freedom the next time around and a longer running time.If a director's cut comes out and it's 15-20 minutes longer, we could be in for a more definitive movie experience, but as it stands my final score is a6.5-7/10.
평점: 3	리뷰: Well. First off. I'll be honest. I am coming from a slight bias when I talk about this. I will therefore start with saying that the original Verhoeven flick is one of my favoritest movies of all time... Now, with that said... the original basically had no right being as good as it was. Quite frankly, Orion found themselves with a surprise hit with Terminator. And basically just reached into their pile of scripts for the next one that had robots in it. Verhoeven himself famously refused to even consider directing such dreck and by the way he doesn't even like scifi. The first trailer even had the theme for Terminator as Robo's score wasn't even done yet. So, yes. I know that my particular holy bovine was created just as very much as a simple cash-grab. But dear FSM did they make it awesome.So it was with some trepidation that I sat down and watched this updated version. But, I had told myself, the director has had a couple of flicks with decent reputation. And even recent reboots like Batman and Dredd had produced entertaining romps. So there is some hope that this won't end up like the recent Total Recall debacle.Sigh. Sadly no. Just as suspected. There is very little substance here. Very little new thoughts. And especially lacking was the touch of showmanship.So Robo is self-aware with memories intact from the first awakening. Uhm OK. His wife and son are both there throughout the movie. And he has retained his right hand as human. And he battles both updated ED209's and regular humanoid "drones".. OK all this we see in the trailer. Now surprise me.No. That's about it. We get little to no characterization from anyone here. Gone are the quirks and loveability and bad-assery of both the good and bad guys. Who is Lewis, the black good cop. What does he do? Uhm... Who is the main baddie, and why should I fear him? Well it depe... oh he's down. Heck, what is supposed to differentiate these 209's from the mass- produced Metal Gear units? Gone is the sense of supreme showmanship. The mastery of buildup and release. Gone is also the satire. Yes Samuel L Jackson is the typical Fox anchor... but there's no flare to any of it. And yes there is action-sequences. But without the mentioned showmanship I struggle to remember anything memoreable about them. And also they are either bloodless or with drones so there is little to no weight in any of the spectacles. Now I understand that they wanted to do their own thing. A shot by shot remake including the gore is even more pointless. So I'm glad they didn't fall for that temptation. But please. When you want to do your own stuff. At least go all the way with it. And above all, make it memoreable. This is just bland predictability. I know gore isn't necessarily the answer. I love the old Leone westerns and those wouldn't have any problem clearing a PG13 rating... but just do something to stand out... I'll stop my rant now...
평점: 10	리뷰: In my opinion, I LOVED IT! It was action-packed and full of suspense through the entire film. I really enjoyed how much we got to learn about Alex in terms of his family, his job and how he copes with the changes he was dealt with and that gave both the movie and the main character a sense of humanity. I also enjoyed the action scenes and the crime fighting skills of Murphy. Now, for the part that I don't understand. Why...WHY, do people hate this movie? Even before it was released in the cinema? People were judging it because of the new actors and so on and so forth... When I was young, I LOVED watching Robocop when my dad bought it. And we would watch it a lot because of how good it was back then. I can say this because of the fact that I am a fan of the original Robocop and I have actually watched it (on the day I made this review) so I have proof in saying, it was a FANTASTIC, action-packed, crime fighting and well- done movie. Please don't spam that I am wrong, I am just saying this out of my opinion. Thank you :) and enjoy the movie if you haven't watched it witch I highly recommend.:)
평점: 9	리뷰: When I heard there is going to be a remake of Robocop, I was both eager to see it and also worried of how is the new one going to be. Judging from the wave of remakes that have come up in the new century, with such horrible messes like Jurassic Park, Total Recall, Planet of the Apes (Tim Burton version), ... I was worried that the Robocop remake might turn into an action movie with lots of special effects and dazzling CGI effects but unlike the original version with no strong story or idea behind it. It looked to me for a while during recent 15 years as if the new generation can only see the action and sparkles and all brilliant fundamental ideas behind previous masterpieces have been forgotten. I am gratified to say that to my surprise the remake of Robocop does not follow the common path of recent movies. It is an action movie but from the first moment that the movie starts the flavor of negative thinking and critical language is strongly visible and it keeps dominating the entire plot as it goes on. What makes it more authentic and serious is the references it has to today's real world and how global and political conflicts of today might shape the future. It starts with a live news report from US drones operating in the streets of Tehran the capital of Iran. We know that US drones are already operating in Pakistan, Afghanistan and other Middle East countries with unknown number of civilian casualties. It is already a controversial subject which is repeatedly mentioned in anti Imperialism discourses. The movie remarks the terrorizing nature of drone operations and the way it is imprinted by mainstream media as security and stability. It then goes on to show after all so called foreign threats have been addressed and secured, the corporate greed and the monster known as capitalism turns its eyes towards its own society. After all Imperialism is an epoch within capitalism when the capital goes beyond national borders and turns into multinational corporations and globalization. The movie is taking up this argument in its reverse form, nationalism is as meaningless in capitalist's homeland as it is in foreign lands. There are also some hints about lobbies and how undemocratic and corrupt it could be, but the government and congress are in the most part drawn as advocates of people's rights in front of a private corporation who controls media, bribes police commanders and advises senators! This brilliant story is accompanied with some exciting action scenes filled with marvelous CGI and sound effects which add to its enjoyability. As an American tradition it has a happy ending where the good guy shoots the bad guy, but nevertheless it still stands higher than any other American action movie that has been made in this century.
평점: 3	리뷰: I really want to like 'RoboCop' seeing it on the big screen, but this remake is a far cry from the original.While it packs some nice action scenes and neat CGI, the continuity and choice of characters really derails the film.Firstly the villains are given way too little back story and time on screen, in addition to not be nearly as brutal, cold and cynical as in the original. That was essential to the satire of Verhoeven's adaption which makes his edition great. There's a reason that Murphy's demise and resurrection in the original remains some of the most discussed scenes because of their sheer rawness and brilliant production. In 2014 we are not even close to anything like that.The original film has a cold, industrial, unsettling feeling over it in line with Verhoeven's excellent criticism of corporate greed and exploitation of people that is central to the plot. The remake lacks all of this - very dull.Choosing Murphy to have a male partner also destroys the neat chemistry that the female Lewis had with Murphy in the first film. Again, the remake also lacks development for his character.The last 45 minutes or so are very unclear as to who the true villain is and Murphy's reason for his actions by then. Seemingly random events occur in a fast pace and it gets very confusing at times.Nopes, stick with the original, 'RoboCop' of 2014 is indeed the lame PG- 13 edition that its rating tells it is.
평점: 8	리뷰: First thing i can is it is hard not to compare the two film's as there are scene that remind you of the original film but from a first look at the trailer it looks like an all out action C.G.I mediocre film that look like that all its going to be but this film surprise you by being the opposite. From this version of the film its more than just an action movie, it involves politics and emotions in the storyline that gives this film its edge although the action could of been a bit more.Starts off with an engrossing news which features Samuel Jackson who plays this role brilliantly and an intense but brief action scene involving middle east terrorist there is one disturbing scene here but brief. It is not long before another action scene emerges in a form of retelling of an incident by Alex Murphy unlike the original version where he get shot this version from what we see on the trailer is a car explosion which result in Murphy becoming robocop which to be honest wasn't to bad from the original. I do how ever think that the director made a good choice in casting an unknown star Joel Kinnaman to play Alex Murphy/robocop as i think if they got a well know Hollywood actor this film just would have the emotional & intense feel to it,which Joel Kinnaman bring to the character he plays this role prefect. There was the original score music from the original film which was good add that extra fan base something to be pleased with, as for the armour, the original silver armour from 1987 version was good, but I've got to say the new silver armour look amazing, but its just a shame that it was change to black for most of the film, although the black colour wasn't to bad it did work, but i know a lot of fan probably wont like it. The action scenes that stand out the most happen in the last third of the movie; a gun fight with Alex's main suspect and the gripping robot fight in the climax, with some test range fight as you see him being test up again the machines with Rick Mattox played brilliantly by Jackie Earle Haley who was a bit of a hard ass in this film which had a funny moment with Alex as robocop, most of the scene went well. Abbie Cornish bring the emotion side of the film as she plays Ellen Murphy Alex wife, she really play this well, the emotional level was believable which add that brilliant performance as well as her son David Murphy played by John Paul Ruttan. Bring the politics as well as Samuel Jackson, you have a brilliant performance from Michael Keaton playing the Company.Director of OmniCorp as a business man with a ruthless streak to him in a way money, publicity is more important than anything, Jay Baruchel which is a surprising role for him since he's normal playing a comic role in film he playing more of a high tech nerd in this film which he pulls off pretty well & Jennifer Ehle who seem to be Michael keaton's character's publicity manager with a bit of a ruthless streak as well.Gary Oldman bring yet another outstanding performance as Dr. Dennett Norton who is the inventor of mech limbs for people that have lost limbs in accidents who made robocops Armour. Some scene at the begin were a little shaky with the camera during a gunfight but the rest of this film is pretty much well filmed with some stunning C.G.I effect's with the MA8's & Edd 209's made for believable scenes, although the ending was a little disappointing i think the way its end's it has potential for the sequel to be better, because that what i think its needs to have a spectacular sequel with more action which the silver Armour because he looks better in silver. Fans of Robocop may not be pleased with this version as it lacks the violence and the tone of the original although they may get a kick seeing the modified silver robo-suit in some scenes. General audiences like me will be entertained by seeing a sleek Robocop hunting down criminals. It is clear that this tries to set up a franchise for further film, but time will tell if the sequel is better than the first film, but this is worth worth watch special in IMAX screening the picture is more clearer.Dislikes : One thing this film could of had was a better ending, like a bigger fight scene to end the film on a bigger tone setting up a sequel, not that the ending didn't set up a sequel i just think the ending could've been a bit better, i think they could of left him with the silver Armour on instead of change it half way through then changing it back i thought that was a little stupid but it was OK it was only a minor issue really with the film.
평점: 10	리뷰: I enter the theater with zero positive expectation. In fact I expect a piece of disappointment on the level of Sony's Spider-man remake fill with dumb ass plot point (since it is another Sony production), in-line with loads of other 'dumb down' remake like Total Recall.But I came out well entertained and surprised.First of all, this movie shouldn't be compare to the now legendary serious themed violent original. It should be saw as a remake of the base concept only. One that pretty much done right for the current world / US political situation of 2014.Sony, who fund the movie perhaps learn from their spidy mistakes, seem to gave the movie makers a free hand on the scrip, hence this robocop is light on glory violence, but rather heavy on political satire humor.The underline story arc of the central character robocop is very simple, even more simple than the original one but it fit in well enough in the bigger picture that is the satire vehicle.Whenever there are no shootings, the stars of this movie is not the robocop but the supporting cast that made up with big names, like 'Holy Batman original' Michael Keaton doing a Steve Jobs inspired chairman of big US multinational company in search of the next iSuccess product at all cost. The bad-ass Samuel L. Jackson without his fists and light-sabre still gave the Fox USA network big mouth anchors a run for their money and Gary Oldman played his Dr character more believable than he did with Commissioner Gordon in the whole reboot Batman trilogy! Done to death but has to be there corrupt cop sub-plot aside, the film managed to show the audiences a couple of situation satires mirror the US policies today, among them: military robot troops walking on streets of occupied Iran, mega factories in China building high tech machines for US corporations while back in USA the factories are small but sophisticated illegal drug labs and illegal weapon processing plants. Cameras are everywhere, makes robocop's job look real easy so the Surveillance State justified! For me, original robocop is the political satire violent action thriller where audience expected to take it and its message seriously. This 2014 robocop is more of a 'tongue in cheek simplified' humorous political satire infused PG action film, audience don't have to take it seriously but it managed to get its messages across particularly for those understood the wit and reality of the situation. It can be done better but sadly we have to 'dumb it' down further for today's younger audience...One big complain of this movie is the Brazilian born director's experimental use of shaky cam action sequences that, in some scene, was done so badly that makes me think that first person handycam monster movie Cloverfield was shoot on rail! Thankfully it wasn't always the case.Over all this movie would be polarizing for the audiences, particularly some US audiences agree the opposite view would dislike it for the political satire messages it carries.If those political satire weren't there, then this movie will be less the mediocre, a 4/10. Simply because of those satire sections and a logically functional script, it elevated the movie to at least 7/10.To balance out the foreseeable 1/10 score from the haters in IMDb, apply how they rank Olympic performances by taking out highest and lowest scores, I will give this 10/10. Allow the score be better reflect its real standing sooner, avoid a situation like that hugely logic flawed The Dark Knight getting 9.5+ out of 10 for years.
평점: 7	리뷰: This is my first review ever of one my favorite films of all time - and I'd been dreading the remake.Pro:Joel Kinnerman - The man was the best thing about the whole cast.The film is its own beast - While this film cannot be compared favorably to the classic 1987 version, it was very enjoyable and was more a re-imagining of Robocop rather than a straight "remake" which I enjoyed immensely.Modern Update - This works pretty well, especially the way Robo' makes use of the modern technology. Even though its set in 2028 it still feels very relevant to our time.Plot - While Paul Verhovens version had a wicked mix of over-the-top violence and sharp satire on America's greed, this one focuses more on Robo' himself and the concept of having a machine do work where accountability is an issue. This I believe is a plus and is what helps have the film stand on its own.Con:Casting - Too many bad guys and not one of em really stood out, unlike the original. The rest did a good job but nothing that really stood out, underutilized is the word to use here.PG-13 - This rating really did hold it back, which is a shame because this re-imagined world holds a lot of potential.Action - Terrible, shaky camera effect was not a suitable as I couldn't tell what was happening half the time.Last 1/3 - This felt rushed and really sloppy, disappointing especially when one remembers just what Robo' did to Clarence Boddigger (2x) and Dick Jones in Verhovans version.Overall: I feel the PG-13 really hurt this film, while I honestly enjoyed the first 2/3, the lack of an epic finale just left me wanting and kinda angry to honest.However against all expectation I did enjoy the film because the director chose to go in a slightly different direction and because of that and the enormous potential this created, I give it a nice 7/10!
평점: 10	리뷰: Anyone uncertain about a remake of such an iconic film will quickly discover this latest outing packs a mighty punch right from the start!Based on the original story, Robocop 2014 has had a critical upgrade. As well as fast moving action aplenty which Robofans old and new will expect and enjoy, the storyline also touches on contemporary issues of the day, not least the use of drones and machines in conflict zones and the fight against crime. With a meld of man and machine, it also raises questions of how free-will and computer programming will interact.Joel Kinnaman gives a steely performance as Alex Murphy who confronts all-comers in his stride. (In this case, his 'stride' is quite noisy and rather intimidating). Gary Oldman is excellent as the somewhat conflicted Doctor Norton who is behind the creation. (Could there be any significance in that choice of name?) Michael Keaton gives a totally convincing portrayal of the Head of OmniCorp, a man who would have us believe that his only motivation is to make the world a safer place. Yeah, right! Meanwhile, Samuel L. Jackson's Pat Novak has his finger on the pulse throughout with timely news updates, giving the feeling of a fast moving story unfolding in real time.Older viewers may hark back to the more gentle times of the Six Million Dollar Man. Needless to say, this particular rebuild cost a lot more!Recommended!
평점: 2	리뷰: OK so I can see what they were trying to do with this movie and actually for the first half hour I was on board with it, I especially enjoyed the opening sequence in the middle east, introducing us to the new robots which looked great but after that the movie starts to fall apart real quick.The satire in the movie is pretty unfocused and feels out of place most of the time, Samuel L Jackson does an OK job with what he's given to do although the look of his character is flipping ridiculous. And a lot of stuff in the flick just makes absolutely no sense whatsoever, for example Alex Murphy is supposed to be an undercover cop investigating illegal gun smuggling or some poop I have no idea, yet he chooses to have regular meetings with his police chief at the flipping police headquarters where everyone knows him and greets him by name! Hey Alex Murphy, if you're an undercover cop don't do this poop!! Meet a contact in a motel room or at a park bench you silly poop. I guess whoever wrote this flick just gave zero poops.Another problem with the movie is the pacing. In one scene in particular I felt like I was legit losing my mind watching it. Murphy comes home to see his family after getting chewed out by the chief at work, this is the first time we see him having any interaction with his family which is vital for the rest of the movie, this is supposed to be where we see the emotional bond which will define our main character and it lasts for about 10 seconds. I'm not kidding here, you can see all of this pivotal scene in the trailer. Murphy says about 3 sentences to his wife, pretty much dismisses his own son and then proceeds to get real frisky with his wife, like out of nowhere. Now I'm not saying you need an excuse but in the scene it feels seriously weird, I'm like does she even know this dude, does he have the wrong house?! And it's not like the movie was moving along at a good old pace before this, they took a long time setting up a lot of pretty pointless exposition. This is real basic film making here that is just getting thrown right out the window. Another central problem with the movie is the fact that it has like 5 bad guys, all of whom are not very clearly defined at all. So now you have no real reason to get behind RoboCop because he was pretty much a douche to begin with and no strong villain to motivate him either. On the positive side the special effects and the design of the robots and the suit (silver suit anyway) is great. The action sequences are fine but not quite on par with a lot of other recent movies to be honest. All in all this just feels like yet another review of yet another middling reboot. Uninspired, unnecessary and uneventful
평점: 9	리뷰: The reviews on IMDb for this movie can be a little misleading but despite the negative views about the movie me and the wife went to see it anyway.. and were not disappointed.I may take some flack for this but if I were to sit through the '87 original then I would consider it to be quite lame compared to this reincarnation. The story is different enough to make it a refreshed product and not a copy of the '80's classic but the main difference was the increased emphasis as Alex Murphy the person as compared to the '87 version which was Alex Murphy the robot.Plus all this talk about a movie that talks emotion but lacks emotion, well the movie centred on the emotional impact of the transition from human to cyborg, and carried it off quite well considering the limited time available to the Director to fit all this in.The only tiny spoiler I'll list here concerns the most shocking part of the movie where Officer Murphy is shown what is left of him after surgery to save him from an attempted murder. I do have to say the sequence against the Robots was really good as people have already stated.Joel Kinnaman and Abbie Cornish give very decent performances in their chosen roles and Joel coped well considering that I've not seen him in any other movies prior to this with the exception of the US remake of 'Dragon Tattoo' but I've gotta say that I missed him in that one.I give this movie 8 out of 10 whereas the wife wants to give it 10 out of 10 so I've met her in the middle. A sterling effort from all involved, a really good movie that everyone in the cinema enjoyed, hardly any screen glare from people checking emails or playing Candy Crush through boredom. Top quality entertainment from this flick.Go see it and forget about the negative hot air from the old guffers.
평점: 4	리뷰: Its alright. I really enjoyed the first one because of its ultra violence and awesome one liners "I'd buy that for a dollar!". This one didn't feel that way to me, it didn't feel like an action movie and it was more of a 'getting to grips with something new' movie, if you understand? I thought it had some good points too! His suit looks epic, his bike is epic and they even re-vamped up the soundtrack, of witch isn't used enough in this movie! There were moments where i thought "the soundtrack would sound even more awesome right now". The acting is perfect, Gary Oldman steals the spotlight and even Robocop was good! The age was a twelve in my cinema and i completely disagree with that! STOP BEING GREEDY! All they went is money, they know kids will watch this and they will make a bomb off of it! It makes the movie less enjoyable to watch as there are kids screaming constantly in the cinema. this even meant they had to tone down the violence a bit! The reason many of us loved the first one! But the action sequences were good and the start to this movie goes off in a bang. I like that we see him with his family, and i like that we see him grow emotions throughout the film. The ED 209 was in this and they looked cool, they didn't say "you have 20 seconds to comply" witch disappointing me also. Overall its worth what you pay for, but not worth buying on DVD. Its an OK film, a bit disappointing.
평점: 7	리뷰: Dead or alive your coming with me Robocop a good modern take on an 80s classic.So if you are looking for a great homage to the 80s bad ass cop made of metal and cool one liners, look no further. As this film will have you re- loving the Robocop you once knewWith a great story with sci fi elements mixed with political backdrops and human ethics thrown in for good measure this film creates a good twist of cool. Staring a cast of actors who really take to their roles. With a more human element to Robocop and his family, who was never really port-aid much in the original film more than just a memory now take more of a definitive role, and more of a fully fledged part in the filmA superb soundtrack mixing the original 80s soundtrack with a new mix and ranges which really have you reliving the epic Robocop feelAverage cgi (for a modern blockbuster) but more of a focus on practical effects when neededBut its not all praises around as this film could of been better with a 15 rating rather than a family friendly 12A, This is where they really missed out on an adult themed movie. And with Minor plot holes that hit the back of my mind quite a few times. And an addition of characters which could of not been used for good measureBut all in all a fun film to watchThis film earns a solid 7 out of 10
평점: 8	리뷰: I just watched the new Robocop and I've got to say the movie is really very good. Before watching the movie I've read reviews on IMDb, and because of bad reviews I expected nothing from the movie, but now I'm confused because the movie is really god and I don't get all this bad reviews. Well I think you need to consider two things: 1. Anybody can write review on IMDb. 2. The movie talks against new American way of "solving" problems with drones, and it brings right to our face corporation "mechanics". Conclusion: some groups of people maybe are not happy with that. I recommend everybody to see the movie. You would not regret it. It's far better than the most of marvel super heroes movies. The stories you'll find in Iron Man are like some bad jokes against Robocop story.
평점: 6	리뷰: RoboCop starts with a futuristic news program called The Novak Element and our host is Pat Novak (Samuel.L Jackson). On The Novak Element they are discussing why the USA does not have robot police, the answer is simply the US does not want them, but everywhere else but the US has these robot police. Then cutting to Alex Murphy (Joel Kinnamen) our hero we see he is a cop just trying to bring justice into the world, he comes to close to discovering a drug empire and the truth behind two cops, so Antoine Vallon (Patrick Garrow) plants an explosive on his car, later that night the explosion goes off and almost kills Murphy although OmniCorp, the corporation that created the robot police now looks to Murphy as the American people want a person pulling the trigger. And so Murphy becomes RoboCop. From here the movie becomes smoother and we see Murphy suffer as he needs to do his duty but he misses his old life and family. Then we see Murphy solve his own murder and he finds the two moles in the police force and threatens the chief when he finds she might be guilty, although he is shut down before he can do anything. After this i felt the movie became smoother until we came to a sloppy ending. There are a few goofs in the movie and one or two 'jokes' but the movie takes itself way to seriously to actually put a successful joke in. All round the CGI and visuals were good for the most part, the story was good but not great and the acting was good but the strongest character in my opinion was Dr. Norton (Gary Oldman). All round RoboCop was good but perhaps it was made to close after the original. 6/10
평점: 6	리뷰: In future the world's crime is being fought not by man but robots. Only USA, the world's greatest supplier of police robots, remains "robophobic". OMNI CORP, the supplier of robot technology for the world, will do anything to win the American market. Even if this requires to make their robots more human When cop named Murphy is critically injured OMNICORP brings him back to life, turning him into the weapon of propaganda to change the law and allow robots to patrol American streets. But Murphy still loves his wife and son. With every fibre of his remaining soul he will be clutching to the slipping away pieces of his humanity.It's a recent fashion in Hollywood to entrust the remakes of great old action films to art house directors who can give a new flavour to the old story. Brazilian director Jose Padilha, whose most successful film Elite Squad: The Enemy Within (have been nominated to Oscars but did not quite made it) examines the influence of media, police and politicians on society so it is no great surprise that he was chosen as the next ROBOCOP director. The original ROBOCOP in its time was labeled as "FACIST MOVIE FOR LIBERALS" by it's own producer. The modern ROBOCOP is a less political story of a good man trapped in an impossible circumstances and his fight for remaining human being inside him.The good news is that ROBOCOP delivers on its promise of a modern remake with believable characters and interesting conflict. But is it an entertaining film? At least the final act of it is.Instead of filling the film with action the writers focused on the inner conflict of ROBOCOP, the part that was completely missing from the original. How does a man react when he realizes that his previous life is over and now he is nothing but a machine designed to hunt down criminals? I do not mind a human conflict, but the structure and functioning of this ROBOCOP's body was over explained. We do not need to know what vitamins he is taking, how do they put him into sleep, and what makes him such a good soldier. Show don't tell - this is the rule of every writer, and ROBOCOP writers just told us too much. All the details we are given are designed to make the technology more believable. It is annoying instead.Forget brain surgeries and fighting simulators. Give me something real! I missed more scenes of Robocop bonding with his family. I wanted a least one decent car chase (ROBOCOP has a fabulous bike, why not to put it to some use!) Give me at least one great villain to hate!The idea of Murphy solving his own murder is cool, but this is a puzzle for a three year old.On the bright side the new ROBOCOP is a thinking person's action movie. We do have a chance to place ourselves in Murphy's shoes. We don't just sympathize, but identify with him. Gary Oldman is outstanding in the role of a good intentioned man whose ambitions lead him too far down the dark path. Michael Keaton is a very likable villain. What he does make perfect sense. But he is the real robot in this story, without compassion and only dollars shining in his eyes.The ongoing theme of the movie is how a living person cannot achieve great heights without putting his soul and a heart into it, and that having a human soul is much more important than a human body.In the end I would like to mention the Samuel L. Jackson cameo as a talk show pro-robot presenter. His outbursts in the beginning , middle and the end of the film took enormous amount of screening time and completely irrelevant to the story. Here is something that should have ended up on the cutting floor. This would have made for a much tighter and more focused movie.
평점: 7	리뷰: For every generation, there comes a film that stands out among other films of its genre and gets praised by both moviegoers and film critics in the decades that followed. Such a film may not have made gigantic movie ticket sales during the time of its release but its substance and acclaim made it a classic among its admirers. This is true with 1987's RoboCop directed by Paul Verhoeven. That film stood out among 1980s action flicks not only due to its over-the-top action but also for its outstanding direction, solid performances and overall subversive expression (can you say anti-Reaganomics?). This year, we have the remake of RoboCop starring Joel Kinnaman, supported by veteran actors Samuel L. Jackson, Michael Keaton and Gary Oldman, and directed by Jose Padilha. Aside from looking flashy and futuristic, the new RoboCop movie is surprisingly good and different enough from the 1987 original to stand on its own.Made for a PG-13 audience in mind, RoboCop tells a very different version of the story of police officer Alex Murphy with a setting that is near-futuristic and yet reflective of today's manipulative corporate media environment. Like in the old movie, something terrible happens to Murphy which leads to his becoming RoboCop done by a corporation led by Michael Keaton.This is where the similarity with the old film ends. Unlike in the old movie, Alex Murphy becomes RoboCop with the consent of his wife who really loves him and wants him back with their family. On the corporation itself – Omnicorp – the movie seems less critical on corporations which is no surprise since there is no more anti- Reaganomics influence here. This does not mean that the in-movie corporation is a good organization. Like the 1987 movie, this film touches on themes like the conflict between humanity and technology, corporate media manipulation of public perception, the conflict between free will and programmed constraint, etc. The new movie tackles those themes with its own set of flavors to give today's viewers something relevant. Speaking of relevance, it sheds light on modern geopolitics as well as serious developments that test national laws. RoboCop is also a lively reminder about society and its people gradually heading towards totalitarianism.More on RoboCop himself, the film did a nice job explaining how Murphy turned into a machine and how the corporation used him as their premiere tool against a federal law that bans unmanned drones in America. The aspect of family for RoboCop is a welcome approach as it really set it apart from the old RoboCop films' concept. Apart from storytelling, the acting is overall solid. Samuel L. Jackson as the TV show host is much more lively than he was in the superhero movies of recent years. He sure makes a great host who is entertaining and engaging. Michael Keaton as the head of the corporation performed well although I was not convinced with the way his character turned out in the end of the film. Joel Kinnaman as RoboCop is pretty bland although he makes a convincing family man. His wife played by Abbie Cornish did a good job as the caring wife and mother. Jakie Earle Haley is the antagonistic and easy-to-hate Rick Mattox and he fits in well in the film Nothing special from Haley though.The standout performance belongs to Gary Oldman as Dr. Norton. Oldman is very lively in his role and thanks to him, Dr. Norton is a more engaging character to watch than RoboCop himself. Really, Oldman stole the spotlight many times in the film and almost feels like a protagonist. Action? There are several action scenes indeed but if you are expecting a spectacular action sequence or set piece, you will be disappointed. With the action it has, RoboCop is still satisfying to watch as there are a lot of gun battles, some explosions, some special effects combined with stunts, etc. I should mention that RoboCop in this film is faster and more agile too. Conclusion RoboCop of 2014 obviously will not win any major awards nor will it ever displace the 1987 RoboCop from its place in cinematic history but it is good enough on its own. Think of RoboCop 2014 as a less reflective but action-packed and modernized take on the RoboCop concept. I came into the theater with modest expectations and I left more amused than expected. I should say however that the story fell apart somewhat during the last thirty minutes as there were some scenes or happenings that were not believable. Overall, RoboCop 2014 is no classic but is fun to watch to say the least. http://sharkey360.blogspot.com/2014/02/movie-review-robocop-2014-by- carlo.html
평점: 8	리뷰: I really don't understand all the hate this movie gets. Yeah, I get it, it's a reboot of a perfectly good 80s movie that nobody really wanted, but it's a really good one! I expected a mindless Micheal Bayian action movie and what I got was a really smart, interesting and entertaining look at trans-humanism, the freedom of choice, politics and recklessness in corporate leaders.This movie really dives into the question of how a person could live his day to day live with almost all of his body amputated and stuck inside of a machine. So when people complain about the uncomfortable scenes between Murphy and his wife, I can only imagine they mean what happened after his transformation, and that felt exactly the way it was supposed to!So yes, the original is way more graphic and still holds up to this day as a gruesome action flick, but this one is smart and interesting and really is a good movie in it's own right.And by no means is it as bad as people say it is!
평점: 4	리뷰: Rebooting seems to be all the fashion these days, what with the marvel of 2014 technology and an incessant desire by most directors and/ producers to better any or all original attempts of movie creation.As a fan of the original Robocop movie, I must admit that I was an utter skeptic when I heard of the reboot but as a general movie fan I went into the cinema wide eyed and innocent with the freshest mind that I could muster... unfortunately this movie made me regret my fresh mind... Joel was not the worst choice for Robocop but certainly not anything worth praising but the worst acting is yet to come as We see Samuel L Jackson play the role of Novak- a talk show host that is pro robots on American streets, beside the fact that his character was out of place and unnecessary, I felt that there was some serious over acting on Jackson's part which made this unnecessary character that much more irritating. Oldman delivers but I believe he added nothing special to the mix... the rest of the characters could have been played by almost anyone and still made no impact on the audience, the script was that mediocre and very boring... I found myself writing this review in my head about 20 minutes into the movie, I was that bored... Notable scenes were whenever Robocop was accessing the DPD data base, finding criminals and exercising justice on the streets... this of course happened once or twice... the action scenes were mediocre at best and I truly hope another reboot of Robocop is not attempted anytime soon.All in all this movie wasn't awful... if it were a dish, I'd say it was edible but not delicious.
평점: 3	리뷰: As a kid of the 80's I grew up with the awesome movie that was Robocop. Part man, part machine and all police officer. I still remember that harrowing scene where Alex Murphy gets decimated by criminals leading up to him becoming Robocop. That movie was grittier with a bleak look into out future.Cue Robocop 2014 and as every minute of the movie ticked by I wished it would get better or just end. Make no mistake, there was no expense spared on its A-list cast and huge budget for CGI and action shots however, the heart of the story was totally out of whackFor the first bit of the movie you get a sense they were trying to relay a message to the audience about violence which I didn't get. Then they spend an eternity trying to make you bond emotionally with Alex Murphy and his family but it takes too long and you loose interest.Whether is a remake or a reboot it falls way short of what it should have been. Throughout the entire movie I was constantly saying to myself "That's wrong", "Why they do it like that", "That doesn't make sense".I left the cinema wishing I hadn't seen this movie. But then that's just my opinion
평점: 7	리뷰: Okay, it seems nobody is ever happy whichever way a director goes. I think they have made a good effort here re-imagining Robocop for the 21st century. The PG rating probably hurt their ability to meet the expectations most have around violence and black humour. Essentially, if you're looking for a decent 1980's Robocop sequel, you're not going to get it. BUT, I do think it's a good movie to go see and make up your own mind. I like the suit.. and I like family element brought in (however weird it feels to watch). Kinnear and Cornish are great in their respective roles (no, I don't think Abbie was irritating - stop it people!).
평점: 4	리뷰: Robocop ReviewThis is exactly the kind of movie Hollywood wants: a convoluted mess full of plot-holes, unnecessary subplots, bad direction and little fun to be had.Minor Spoiler, SignaledPlot holesThe most infuriating ones are tied to the RoboCop character who, by the way, only starts actually doing something 50 minutes in the movie.They go too deep in how RoboCop works and how OGP can control him and shut him down whenever they want. But when RoboCop rebels the first time, Gary Oldman's character is asked why and his line is literally 'I have no idea'.In the original RoboCop they don't explain how Murphy starts regaining his memories. It's left to the viewer's imagination, just like the whole process of creating him was. But if you start going into that much detail about something, you can't suddenly go 'I have no idea'. That's called a cop-out.The worst thing is that it happens twice. The most important time RoboCop manages to do something that goes against his programming, they never explain why, nor were any hints given for us to make our own idea. It just comes out of nowhere.SPOILER Another blatant plot-hole is this system that they implant into RoboCop which basically has access to all the digital archives of the police, crosses evidence, and tells him who to arrest. Which begs the question: why didn't they give the police this system to begin with, in a Computer if all they wanted was good PR?On top of it, this system makes makes it appear like RoboCop is only needed because he has that program in his brain. It makes all the other policemen look like idiots, and it makes him even less intimidating than he already is. END SPOILERUnnecessary SubplotsThe most unnecessary is Murphy's family. They have fifteens minutes of screen-time and they add nothing to the plot. You could remove them from the movie, put his colleague in place of his wife in that one scene, and nothing would be lost or change.The one that made me the most angry was the one that was interesting and goes nowhere.The first five minutes of the movie are more interesting than anything else that happens afterwards. Surprisingly, they seem to retain the spirit of the original movie. I would have much preferred to see RoboCop in that contest. But as I said, it goes nowhere. And that's a damn waste.Bad DirectionThere's so much shaky cam in this movie that I almost got nausea.It ruins every single action scene in this movie. In the very first one there are cuts where I couldn't tell what is going on at all. Who got injured, why, how, where did they shoot this guy from!It's even more aggravating when they use it in scenes where people are just standing in front of each other talking! There's no action to make 'more dramatic'. There's no need for shaky cam!And that's not the only questionable directing choice. There's an action scene in the second half of the movie where I literally had no idea what was going on from start to end because on top of the shaky cam, you have another bad directing choice that also makes no sense plot-wiseBut never is the bad direction as evident as it is in Samuel L. Jackson. Michael Keaton gives a great performance, Gary Oldman gives an okay performance, Samuel L. Jackson seems to not give a flying snake about the movie he's starring in.That's half on him, and half on the director who, I guess, was intimidated by his star power and never bothered to correct him.Little FunThe movie is just no fun at all to watch. The fight scenes aren't fun because you can't follow them properly. There are very few jokes, and those that exist are not exactly funny. The plot is a mess.Worst of all, the characters are not entertaining. No bad performances in this movie, but there sure are boring performances. Michael Keaton's character has that potential to entertain, but the script gives him almost nothing to work with.Joel Kinnaman is no joke either. His character is not well written to begin with, but even before transforming into RoboCop, he's so inexpressive! No matter if he's making a weapon deal undercover, playing with his son or making out with his wife, he always has the same expression.When he puts on the suit his face's lack of expression becomes even more evident, and his body language is not intimidating at all. Again, half of this falls on the director's shoulders. If you really wanted to make this RoboCop have emotions, make sure he emotes them well.I know it's not an easy role, but we have lots of examples of people giving a great performance even with some kind of disadvantage. Like Marlee Matlin in Children of a Lesser God, Hugo Weaving in V for Vendetta, and of course, Peter Weller in the original RoboCop.Final ThoughtsI wouldn't suggest going to see this. People who aren't fans of the original will find it boring, and people who are fans of the original will come out of the movie theater infuriated and with their stomachs lurching.If you really want to see a fun movie based on the original RoboCop, I suggest watching 'Our Robocop Remake' at OurRobocopRemake.Com. A joined effort from 50 groups of people to make a fitting homage to the original movie.It's completely free, it's very funny and it's many times more entertaining than this Robot Bore Fest.
평점: 5	리뷰: Robocop is a film directed by Jose Padilha, and stars Joel Kinnaman, Gary Oldman, Michael Keaton and Abbie Cornish, and is a remake of the 1987 classic, and explores the origins of Robocop, and how detective Alex Murphy came to don the suit.To begin, Robocop has a pretty awesome ensemble. Kinnaman is fairly flat as Alex Murphy; he still gives a decent enough performance to pass though. He carries the film well enough; it's just a lot of the film, you don't even root for his character, something that isn't a good thing at all! I'd pin that on Kinnaman, as the dialog isn't that bad. The stand out performance, as expected, is Gary Oldman as the scientist, Dr. Dennett Norton. He's relatable, complex, and Oldman's performance makes him quite likable. Keaton gives a strong performance as well, playing the obligatory multimillionaire Raymond Sellars, as does Samuel L. Jackson, in a much smaller role. One of the biggest let downs, though, was Abbie Cornish as Murphy's wife, Clara. The character is annoying, stupid, and doesn't garner any empathy from yourself, which is down to both Cornish and the writers. In conclusion, for the most part, the ensemble nature of this film was executed very well, with some performances missing the mark.This film was written by 5 guys, and that obviously posed a problem. The film jumps around in intensity, seriousness and quality, and it's not good! It's as if all the writers got a 25 minute piece of the film that they could contribute to; the problem is that the vast majority of these writer's styles never mixed together to make something truly coherent. The first 45 minutes of this film, the origin story of Robocop, was executed near flawlessly. I enjoyed it immensely, thanks to Kinnaman and Oldman's back and forth, and the pace. Whoever wrote that first portion of the film deserves a pat on the back, because it was very well done, and had me invested in the film properly. Then the film dropped off in the action and dialog department, and became a clichéd, boring action film. What did we get to watch Robocop do exactly in the second act of this film? Well, ride around on a motorcycle, and hit guys with a stun gun. The excitement! The film eventually finds itself a main plot line, one which allows Murphy redemption for what happened to him earlier in the film, which is interesting enough. But, at the beginning of the third act, the screenwriter, which ever one it is at this stage, decided to drop the plot line that had been established and concluded much too quickly for my liking, and continue onward with a new mission for Robocop that had my interest lowering by the second. Basically, the film felt, for the most part, incredibly disconnected, and the main plot line, the motivation for Robocop continually changes and modifies over the 2 hour running time; not something that should be happening!Robocop is famous for action; lots of blood, lots of guns, and lots of one liners whilst shooting those same guns. One of the most criticized decisions surrounding this remake, is the rating; a PG 13 Robocop film?! This is madness! And whilst it's not too much of a problem, it did irritate myself. Robocop finds himself using a stun gun throughout this entire film, for crying out loud! That's right, a stun gun! For fans of the original Robocop, and it's gory, awesome action, you should stay away from this film. Whilst the action is more fast paced and exhilarating, it's not nearly as memorable, and that is a problem when it comes to such a widely known character like Robocop.There were a few angles within the film which I certainly enjoyed, my favourite being that Murphy continually has to fight the robotic side of him. He doesn't necessarily have control over his body, his mind even, and watching him try and take control of himself, issue himself commands is interesting to watch. With a click of a button, Murphy has barely a slither of thought that translates into actual action. He can't jump around, take control of his own body, go wherever he wants. He has to adhere to this robotic side of him, which is trying to overcome the human side of him. Watching the inner dilemma that is this personal fight between himself and computer is something which I thoroughly enjoyed, and something that was quite well done.Ultimately, Robocop is a solid watch at the theatre. It's a fun, popcorn flick which doesn't require too much thought. Yet, the plot feels simply too mismatched to pass, and I hated Abbie Cornish here. I didn't have too many hopes for this film, and I was served correct by telling myself this was to be a disappointment.5.7/10To find reviews for film, scores and television episodes, go to www.entjunkie.blogspot.com!
평점: 10	리뷰: Possible Spoilers Ahead.First of all, don't listen to the idiots who hate this movie, why? Those people won't let go of the past because they're too attached to the past, they're probably the same ones who hate Man Of Steel. (Well, Lone Ranger was horrible, I'll admit that.)So, now that that's over with, on with the review.So the movie itself is full of action, comedy (Provided by Samuel L. Jackson (The Avengers, Unbreakable)) and sci-fi.So the movie opens in 2028 with robots in different countries but the US isn't one of them because senator believes that robots don't know the value of human life and that they don't have sympathy, so the owner of the robot-making company, OmniCorp, Michael Keaton (Batman, Toy Story 3) says to his colleagues, "Let's put a man inside a robot." (In other words blow a cop's car up when he next unlocks it amputate his arms and legs and cover it up with a rip-off of the Iron Man suit.) (Seriously is that how they came up with RoboCop in the first place?) so he wakes up 3 months later, but he's being controlled by Keaton and Gary Oldman (Harry Potter 3, The Dark Knight) but he goes a-wall solves the crime of his murder and kills Keaton and a hole bunch of other crooks and Oldman helps him out by taking out a chip in his brain that allows people to shut him down and overall I love this movie and I think you will too.
평점: 10	리뷰: The new Robocop movie is just OK. It would probably be something I would enjoy watching more if I hadn't already watched and loved the first Robocop movie.This movie is still definitely a lot better than the other Robocop movies, part two was not nearly as good as the first one, and part three was just a total joke.The Robocop TV series were also not very good, just cheaply made to cash in.This movie has a slicker looking Robocop. I thought the actor was OK but they definitely could have done better. Gary Oldman was a nice surprise, I didn't think he would have been in a movie like this but they must have paid through the nose for him, and whatever it was was worth it because like most movies he has been in he was definitely the highlight in this.6 out of 10.
평점: 6	리뷰: IN 1987, the Bangles dominated the airways with their hit single Walk Like an Egyptian, the Simpsons are seen for the first time on TV, my parents were blessed by the birth of me and audiences were treated to a film experience that they hadn't quite seen before in the form of Paul Verhoeven's RoboCop. Now the studio executives in Hollywood — fixated on the "rebooting" franchises — have taken it upon themselves to target RoboCop to a wider audience, dropping the age restriction from an R18 to a 10-12 certificate. The film is set in the year 2028 in Detroit, and America is the only country in the world not allowed to use robotic cops on the street. OmniCorp — the company which manufactures the mechanised police officers — are desperately trying to overturn a state bill that prohibits the use of these new-age law enforcers. When honest and dedicated-to-the-job policeman Alex Murphy (Joel Kinnaman) is nearly killed by a car explosion, the massive tech corporation uses this as an opportunity for them to humanise the robotic cops by fusing Murphy — well what's left of him — with a machine. And the result is RoboCop, but it's not that simple. OmniCorp uses one of their chief doctors, Dennett Norton (Gary Oldman), to aid Murphy in his transition to half-man, half-robot and with pressure from OmniCorp owner Raymond Sellars (Michael Keaton), the good doctor resorts to some questionable work ethics. The relationship between Oldman's and Keaton's characters really enhances the story and carries the plot along at a captivating pace. I asked myself why a "big budget" action film with such a cult following was not released in the summer. And the answer was revealed after watching it. The film just doesn't have the calibre to be deserving of a summer release date. There are a good few action scenes, but they are plain down average, with sequences that we have been accustomed to in standard action films. However, there is one scene — where Robo­Cop takes out giant dog-like mechs — which stands out from the rest, but even when it's over, you are not going to remember it when driving home from the theatre. The film's only saving grace is the drama segments, which revolve around the moral dilemma that Oldman's character is put into and the psychological challenge that Murphy endures during his transformation into Robo­Cop. The acting — with particularly Oldman and Keaton stealing every scene that they are in — is top-notch all round, but it is not enough to put RoboCop in the same light as the original. The film is like eating a three-course meal and still feeling hungry.
평점: 4	리뷰: Expectations were low. The trailers were flashy and slick and seemed to be packed with lifeless CGI – but then, watching the finished film, you realise that's the point. The action is shot with the eye of a modern gamer, clean and bloodless: this NuRoboCop is a film about sanitisation; about how we use technology to scrape the dirty human elements from our pristine institutions.Joel Kinnaman plays Alex Murphy, the decent cop left for dead by a mob hit, but then brought back to 'life' with the help of a sleek metal exoskeleton. The scene in which Murphy sees what's left of him – not much – is quite chilling. There are various forces fighting for or against the acceptance of a robot enforcer on the streets of America. There are also those who worry about how much of Murphy is really human, and how much is just a human face. Thematically, the film probably bites off more than it can chew, but that's preferable to a film without bite.There are a lot of dialogue scenes, many of them straightforwardly debating the ethical dilemmas at hand. Remember that lunch scene in Jurassic Park, where the only guy in the room to support Hammond's vision is the "bloodsucking lawyer"? RoboCop has half a dozen such scenes, always relevant, never dull or dry. It's a smart movie.Samuel L. Jackson is the narrator for this tech-age tragedy: a Fox News-style conservative tubthumper, espousing the value of social discipline at the expense of the values of humanity. Michael Keaton is brilliantly slimy and charismatic as the appropriately named Sellars, a corporate emperor controlling every ingredient of his snake oil. Between Sellars and Murphy is Gary Oldman's Dr Norton, a sympathetic Frankenstein with Murphy's best interests at heart, but who's too busy watching his tree grow to see the forest burning around him. And there is also Mattox (Jackie Earle Haley), a military man who fears he'll no longer have the chance to scratch his itchy trigger finger.There are a few flaws. As I said, the film touches on many themes, asking pertinent questions along the way, without exploring in great depth. Perhaps it could have been more focused. The music – other than the classic theme – is bland and characterless. Speaking of characterless, poor Abbie Cornish is wasted as a cypher again, reduced to holding back tears and defiantly swallowing grief as Mrs Murphy. The scenes between Murphy and his family are far less engaging than the banter between Sellars and Norton. And finally, the iconic ED-209s are disappointingly underused.At the risk of incurring the wrath of fans, this is one remake which improves on the original in many ways. It may lack the boldness and humour of Verhoeven's satire, but it also brings the story into a new era, with its concerns about drone technology, the perception of law enforcement in the context of competing 24-hour news, and the blurred role of government-approved media. It seems like the critical consensus on RoboCop is quite cold – but let's be clear, this is no lazy reboot like Clash of the Titans or Total Recall. It's a film that deserves to be taken seriously on its own merits.
평점: 8	리뷰: Robocop, the fondly remembered super violent piece of satirical science fiction from the 80s, has been remade. While not exactly bigger, it is debatable whether the remake is actually better. I gave the original Robocop 10/10. It is awesome. So I'd put ROBOCOP 2014 right there at second place; just under the original, but way better than the sequels, TV series and *shudder* Prime Directives.The 2014 remake of ROBOCOP retains many elements of the original, while updating the premise for contemporary audience. For starters it got the satire down very well, firstly in the form of extreme leftist show host Pat Novak (Samuel L Jackson), then among other things, the revelation that the "all American" Robocop was made in China. Although not as dark a dark comedy as the original movie, the satire here works, as with many of the subtle changes.The most obvious being the design of Robocop himself. The original design from the 80s, that bulletproof unstoppable machine, became painfully obsolete in this new century. Anyone with common sense to take cover and shoot accurately could take out the original plodding, stiff Robocop. Our new Robocop, played magnificently by Joel Kinnaman, changes that. If Peter Weller (the original Robocop) was a tank, our new Robocop is a Stealth Bomber. ROBOCOP 2014 shows money well spent on the special effects. He's sleek, fast, he's strong, plus he does not just stand there and get shot at. Best of all, he retains his heart and struggles with his humanity.This is the most welcome change which is a more personalised plot centred on Alex Murphy and his family. The film deals with the consequences of being turned into a commercial product, where every change in your life is dictated by focus groups and monetary decisions. Choice is no longer your own and you are duped into the illusion of free choice. Slowly but surely, everything that made you human is slowly drained away. Then once the company decides to "pull the plug", are they just terminating an asset? Or is it attempted murder?In focusing on the fallout on both Murphy himself and his family, something that the original films barely glossed over, it creates a more tragic angle to the Robocop mythos. In the original, it is told to us that Murphy was a loyal family man and a loving father but we never actually saw that. Here we do, moments before that ideal family life is ripped away in fire and ash. We see Murphy's bittersweet reunion with his wife and son, tragic in the fact that he can never again be the husband and father he once was. We see how the media attention on the family slowly drives the son into anxious isolation. And we see how his wife becomes a victim of biased media coverage.These are all elements that lends much needed emotional weight to what could have been another bland sci/fi action thriller. You can be told that your body was reduced to "a couple of chunks on a coroner's table", but to actually see yourself as said chunks in all their gruesome glory...........that's heavy. Especially for a PG-13 movie. Despite the rating, ROBOCOP 2014 pushes the boundaries on PG-13 violence. You have scenes that will make you squeamish, people are blown up, shot, zapped and ripped to shreds in a hail of bullets. Or at least, it would have been pretty violent if you could see half of the action that is filmed.Ruining the experience is director Jose Padilha and his obsession with extreme close-ups. tight angles and shaky cam. Like a graduate from the Michael Bay school of filming and the Neveldine/Tylor institute of camera-work, Director Padilha's action scenes are a jittery mess. That combined with a painfully generic soundtrack by Pedro Bromfman undermines what could have been a more epic looking and sounding movie.Nevertheless, ROBOCOP 2014 does not disappoint. Once you can get past the shaky camera, and once you leave your prejudices of "will never be as great as the original" behind, you will appreciate this tragic new take on the classic. With excellent performances by Joel Kinnaman and veterans like Gary Oldman and Michael Keaton, this is Robocop with less blood, less violence, less dark comedy, but with an equal measure of brains and a lot more heart.
평점: 5	리뷰: WARNING: Contains some spoilersI grew up playing Robocop in Amstrad 6128 and Amiga, as well as seeing all his movies. When I first saw the Robocop 2014 movie trailer, I wasn't so sure about the final result. According to the remake, Robocop is black, rides a bike and...walks like a human!How is that possible? It's like making a white Batman and making him move like a robot! You can't just change a hero's public image! We also didn't see any serious gunfight when riding the bike. If we were about to see some, I'm pretty sure criminals would shoot the bike's wheel end the pursuit would end.During the whole movie, Joel Kinnaman acted like a human, not like a robot. It was more than clear he was wearing a suit, which could be either leather or plastic. Peter Weller in the original Robocop (1987) was wearing a full metal suit, losing 3 pounds (1.3kg) per day and breathing only from his mouth. He struggled in order for us to have this image. So Kinnaman and Padilha went on the easy way this time and the final result is against Robocop's nature.Furthermore, I will add some serious issues that are not mentioned in Robocop 2014 remake: - Prime Directives - On screen indicators for efficiency, laws that are broken etc. - No practice shooting, gun tricks etc. - Original Soundtrack plays for a few seconds in a no needed time. Not during the action! - It does make fun of journalists, but it doesn't make fun of future commercial spots. - The whole creation procedure step by step.Positives are: - His wife had to give her approval for him to become Robocop. This didn't exist in original movie. - He did meet his family. In the first part his family was totally absent.Finally some other things: - Battles where way too easy. In original movie they weren't - Opposite genders: Female officer, man scientist, man partner. Why? So that they don't tell them that they copy-pasted the original. But IT IS a remake! - Quotes: Thank you for your co-operation, Dead or Alive you are coming with me and I'd buy that for a dollar, where only mentioned once and in situations that we didn't memorize them. Robocop should also pronounce them before, as Alex Murphy. - Less action scenes, more family drama. - The word "Robocop" was only mentioned 3 times If I remember correctly. - The final scene was not the same.As a true Robocop fan since the original movie, I think the remake wasn't the one we expected for the reasons mentioned. Check this versus as well (with English subtitles) http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Re15V45FozY
평점: 2	리뷰: The sensational feeling I am left with after watching this movie needs to be put into words before I can rest. But before I get into this, let me start by saying that I am a huge sci-fi fan and the original RoboCop (from 1987) was one of my favorite in the genre. I recently watched it again and I was still amazed that as an adult I could still appreciate this movie.Unlike the original, the new RoboCop (remember it is PG-13) had absolutely nothing to offer and it was definitely the worst remake I have ever seen. For the first time ever at a movie theater I found myself wanting to leave in the middle of the movie. It is not that this film tries to be something it is not, it is simply not even trying to be anything. yes, it is just that bad and I am not exaggerating.The story is such garbage that makes you wondering if the director Jose Padilha even understood the original story line and when will these directors understand that such shaky camera work and Call Of Duty FPS view is NOT appreciated?The only thing I can come up with which was not a total failure was the acting of Joel Kinnaman but unfortunately his part in the movie was too brief. Samuel L. Jacksons acting on the other hand, as pathetic as his role in "snake in a plane". Usually in such movies you want to see a villain that is memorable that get you on your toes but none of the villains in this movie had such characteristics.I wish someone takes Jose Padilhas ELITE SQUAD and makes a pink panther like remake of it.To sum up: do not spend any money/time for this flick.
평점: 6	리뷰: I'll start off by saying what most people have said - I love the original RoboCop. The mixture of cutting edge special effects (which still hold up pretty well), brilliant acting, screenplay, characters etc makes it one of a kind. However to those who complain this remake isn't violent enough, strays too far from the original etc I say you already have the best interpretation of THAT RoboCop - treat this as an entirely different movie with a few nods to the original and you might actually enjoy this.I won't for a second claim this movie is perfect or more enjoyable than the original but what you do have is a solid action/sci fi flick with a twist. Sure there are a few annoyances - the lack of a suitably nasty villain, the somewhat questionable screenplay at times and some poor performances (Abbie Cornish). But with the ever excellent Gary Oldman and an admirable performance from Joel Kinnaman this has a lot going for it.A solid 7 out of 10 and I really hope there is a sequel simply because I love RoboCop!
평점: 7	리뷰: Let's start with this, it's a remake, people will hate it, people are emotionally connected to the original and won't accept any "replacement" to their beloved original movie.The film does a good job of differing from the original yet not going too far. I believe this is meant to be a first movie of a series, seeing as it focuses on Alex Murphy and how he becomes Robocop.There is not ultimate bad guy in this, which is great, every movie is based on the same concept, One Good Guy and his Ultimate enemy. Not this one, this one focuses on how bad-ass Robocop is and doesn't waste time on some irrelevant bad guy that couldn't be a match to him anyway, instead he has several "enemies". It's much more plausible, if you are a cop, you are going to have a lot of enemies, not just one.The science behind how he works is explained, though it was kind of lost in the translation to my native tongue so I didn't really understand what's with all the software brain situation which is a shame, but they gave explanations. I'm a sci-fi junkie I adore explanations.One big problem I had with the film is that a car explodes in front of a house yet, no window breaks, and the garage door in the immediate vicinity remain intact. I mean, come on.The film is introducing some moral questions that with the rapid advancement of our technology, might become relevant pretty soon, but does this not to the detriment of the action we all want to see.On the other hand after a long time here was a film I couldn't just predict what was gonna happen, I had some guesses yet I was wrong with all of them, I can't empathize how good it is to be watching a movie and now knowing exactly what was gonna happen next. I hate movies that are easily predictable collections of cliché.Furthermore Samuel L. Jackson's portrayal of Novak is brilliant and I can't help myself but see it as a critique of our present day media. The sensationalism, taking things out of context, telling half-truths all to support a not so hidden agenda.I found the rest of acting excellent too, looking at the cast it's not really a surprise. I didn't have high expectations for this movie, but it surprised me in a good way. I'd say this the second best remake after Dredd from the recent flood of remakes.I give it a 8/10. Enjoyable movie, that remains true to it's origins and doesn't take dump on it, while manages to stay original.
평점: 4	리뷰: One wonders why Hollywood thinks bland will sell. The Verhoeven version was far far better. You might as well have had Uwe Boll direct this movie as soon as you decided to cripple it with a PG rating and other terrible compromises. There were some reasonable action sequences but on the whole it just didn't flow. It wasn't edgy and therefore will be forgettable. There are a million great unused ideas out there, yet Hollywood seems to be fascinated with trotting out the violated corpses of achievements past because they are just to frightened these days to have an original thought. Strangely, despite "playing it safe" the number of movies that flop seems to be on the rise.
평점: 8	리뷰: I went hesitantly to watch Robocop having ready, heard or watched a number of people saying that it doesn't live up to the original.Well it doesn't live up to the original but in a good way. The story has been re-imagined enough to be a different movie and suitably adopted to the world of today. The emotional struggle of who Robocop is, and the impact on his family is visible and felt throughout. Unusually for a blockbuster its got characters you care about from beginning to the end and it never feels long. If anything, a few more minutes of Robocop would have been great. The acting from the main characters is very good and credible. A couple of things that I think could have been better in my opinion. The young audience friendly certificate (which they have pushed to the limit as there are some pretty gore scenes) will bring in potentially more sales but I would have preferred it a bit more violent (accepting I am biased having seen the original, new audiences would probably find it spot on).Detroit doesn't feel like a crime infected city at any stage. In this movie Robocop is not solution to a problem but a sales pitch which I struggled a little bit with to accept (how credible is the sales pitch if there is no real problem there?)Other than the two points above, the only thing left for me is to find the biggest screen I can and go and watch it again.
평점: 6	리뷰: Another of those films where nearly all of the sedate conversations are turned into "action scenes" by waving the camera about.And then when there is action...well, if the choreography isn't up to much then let's wave the camera about an awful lot more to try and mask it so it's hard to see what's actually happening.Does it make us feel like we're actually there? No, it makes us feel there's a hopeless cameraman on set stumbling about following the actors around, that it's just a movie after all.Otherwise: Above average. In no way an insult to the original. Good development of the effect of Robocop's predicament on his family. Convincing unspoken turmoil from Gary Oldman's doctor, and Keaton was a shiver-inducing fringe-megalomaniac.
평점: 4	리뷰: Imagine, The original robocop film being a man, named Alex Murphy. Now imagine that WE, the audience, are a part of Alex's brain. Hollywood would be OCP(the company that creates robocop)and decides the original Alex is dead thus all his organs should be replaced with a new and "improoved" 2014 remake. Now, that robocop 2014 is alive, we the audience exist as Alex's conscience and past life memory, while watching helplessly through the eyes of a mechanical suit we see a lifeless portrait of what once was. A robotic voice is talking back to us, it's the OCP'S software telling us there's no where to go, saying: "Dead or a live, you're coming with me!" flashbacks of memory from a dramatic and sens-full past life appear and we struggle to understand... what went wrong?
평점: 6	리뷰: I went in expecting a mega-turkey. I came out pleasantly surprised.RoboCop 2014 follows a very similar storyline to the original so I'll not spend a great deal of time on the synopsis: cop gets (almost) killed, scientists rebuild cop, cop becomes RoboCop.Although I did find myself ultimately enjoying the movie, it's still a remake that really shouldn't have been made. RoboCop 2014 offers virtually nothing that the original didn't already have.As its own movie however, RoboCop 2014 has a very sombre narrative and steers clear of wise-cracking and humour - which is bizarre for a remake - especially since the original did so well out of its own witty lines and satire. The movie is emotionally darker than the 1987 counterpart but considerably less violent. Having said that, the violence in Verhoevan's movie was very comic-book, whereas this time realism is the target and it achieves that to some degree.The Company is no longer the Mafia-like bunch of thugs it was, but much more like Google and has a more sinister feel as a result. Michael Keaton is great as the Omnicorp (OCP subsidiary) boss and his infamous dark side bubbles under the surface for the majority of the movie. Gary Oldman is the only other noteworthy actor in the movie, possibly the centre-piece as far as performances go.Is it worth watching? Yes - in summary. It is actually a good movie and if the 1987 original did not exist, it would probably be reasonably well received. It is not for young kids, so don't mistake the drop in rating as a signal for Marvel and Transformers fans to gather here. The movie is very dark and does not tread lightly around the suffering of Alex Murphy. This is possibly the only area wherein the remake has out-done the original.RoboCop 2014 is arguably a success, albeit an unnecessary one.
평점: 9	리뷰: I am really confused with all the negative reviews as the movie was a solid entertainer. Pace of the movie is one thing to comment about as it was really consistent and fun.Production details and CGIs that are just absolutely feast to the eye.As far as robotic kind of movie is concern, for me, this is far better than "Iron Man 3" and "Enthiran".Gray Oldman was cool and Michael Keaton just reminded me why he is one of my favorite villains. Joel Kinnaman as RoboCop/Murphy was pretty good, and I can't comment much on Abbie Cornish, you'll know why when you see it. Samuel L. Jackson well is Samuel L. Jackson, as enjoyable as ever. The rest of the cast was pretty much okay, nothing much.Alex turned into Robocop in this movie was better than the original since they really made you the pain and suffering that Alex and his family were going through. His new armour was a knock off.
평점: 4	리뷰: I went to the reboot of Robocop last night against my better judgement, and oh my word what a big pile of doo-doo it was. It is loosely based on the original, with a fair few technology updates. It naturally has a few action sequences but these are so obviously CGI they're just not worth banging on about. There were a few half-hearted nods to the original which basically told me "This should keep the fan boys happy". Trust me; they won't.Add to this that Joel Kinnaman is so boring and bereft of emotion BEFORE he is transformed into the "tin man", and the fact that the supporting cast, despite a few big names, are so bland they could have been played by anyone; it all adds up to a big pile of nothingness. Michael Keaton practically phones his performance in, Gary Oldman looks like he's just going through the motions, Jennifer Ehle looks like she can't be bothered and Abbie Cornish has all the character of beige paint. The only person in this film who appears to be marginally amusing is Jay Baruchel and he's hardly in it. Even the ED-209s are boring.There is a distinct lack of urgency; there were virtually no good one-liners (Jay Baruchel had about the only one) and even Samuel L Jackson (with "interesting" hair) had his favourite word bleeped as a TV presenter. The main criminal in the film is also so utterly faceless I genuinely can't remember what he looked like or who he was. It's poorly put together and above all, there's just no incentive to watch. They've left it open for a sequel. Oh dear.Watch the original. It's dated, sure. But it is SO much more fun.
평점: 7	리뷰: Hollywood's ever-increasing propensity for remakes, reboots, and reimaginings has led to a cornucopia of mixed results, but for the most part, I tend to give new versions of old films the benefit of the doubt, if for no other reason than genuine curiosity to see what new life might be breathed into classic (and not-so-classic) fare. I'll admit to being skeptical of the Robocop remake, my enthusiasm for the Comic-Con footage long since derailed by the film's marketing, but I still hoped for the best - and was pleasantly rewarded.The year is 2028, and Omnicorp CEO Raymond Sellars (Michael Keaton) has made billions by supplying the American military with an elite force of peacekeeping robots, whose usage in US-occupied countries has eliminated the need for soldiers to risk their lives in order to maintain order. While Sellars views the domestic market as an untapped goldmine, the American public is still a bit "robophobic," and a Senate bill has blocked the machines from being used here at home.The solution: give the people a product they can trust, an efficient combat machine with a human face, whose emotions and instincts are not a hindrance, but an asset. A prime candidate emerges in Alex Murphy (Joel Kinnaman), a Detroit detective whose recent run-in with a weapons dealer has left him comatose and near death. Under the expert guidance of Dennett Norton (Gary Oldman), a brilliant scientist who specializes in creating advanced robotic limbs for amputees, Alex is rebuilt to become the world's first robotic police officer: Robocop.Alex is an instant hit with the public, solving cold cases and taking down criminals in record numbers, but as his memories and emotions slowly begin to override his programming, he begins to veer off course, ignoring orders from his superiors in favor of trying to solve his own attempted murder. While this echoes the events of the original film, there are a few more layers to sift through this time around, most notably Alex's struggle to reconnect with his wife (Abbie Cornish) and son, who Omnicorp regard as little more than a liability.Robocop also retains the sharp, satirical wit of its predecessor, conveyed in recurring segments featuring Pat Novak (Samuel L. Jackson), a futuristic Rush Limbaugh sort that spews propaganda and vitriol via his Fox News-like talk show. These interludes provide the bulk of the film's humor, but some of Novak's speeches could just as easily be applied to current affairs, rather than futuristic politics.Director José Padilha, working from a surprisingly intelligent script by Joshua Zetumer, has done a respectable job of updating Robocop for a modern audience. It's a very different film from Paul Verhoeven's original, yet manages to keep the spirit of the 1987 flick alive and well, with more than a few references that fans will appreciate. The production design combined with Padilha's direction result in some impressive action sequences, but it's the film's more intimate moments that elevate Robocop above the typical remake schlock.-- Brent Hankins, www.nerdrep.com
평점: 8	리뷰: Hi there... i wont make it long so just follow...People are bashing this one all over the internet and i have been looking here in IMDb every time I'm thinking about watch a movie, and i got really low expectations on this one because of this....This movie is not going to win any Oscars (if thats worth anything anymore) but IT IS A GOOD MOVIE FOR WHAT IT IS....This is a remake of a classic been adapted to our time and with enough difference to stand alone while have enough references so that all who loved the first one has a chance to watch Robocop in action once more.So this is it my first and i think only review on this site...Kinamann was good enough, he wasn't believable at first but gets true just fine when he becomes Robocop...Want an advice? GO, SEE FOR YOURSELF AND MAKE YOUR OWN MIND!ME IM GLAD AND I WOULD BuY THAT FOR A DOLLAR!PS: sorry for my English
평점: 1	리뷰: Short version - One ticket to Mars please to get away from these crappy movies.Long version - If Hollywood really cannot think of any more movie ideas then they need to think more then taking old movies and remaking them. Seeing as oh I dunno majority of them suck ass. Red Dawn/Total Recall and now Robocop? F*CK YOU. I would like to see different movies with twists in them not the same childhood/game/remakes over and over. If you cannot think of anything I am pretty sure it is time to stop making movies for a while and make something else. I seriously doubt anyone is going to miss movies seeing as how much they suck.
평점: 7	리뷰: Expecting the worst from this movie, especially after tough critics, and being a truth real fan of the original, I can say that Padilha's Robocop do not disappoint.Many critics made the mistake of comparing this vision from the Brazilian director with Verhoeven's. I don't think Padilha actually dared to "remake" or "reboot" or "redone" a perfect movie. He just did a different movie. Same story, more or less, but with a different vision. Low : the score, the villains, and no or little sense of humor. High : special effect, direction, acting and action scenes.This movie is definitely not as bad as we could expect from a reboot (Total Recall, The Omen) and Padilha tentative to follow Verhoeven's steps is successful. Of course not as good as the original, how it could be ? But a real decent reboot from a director full of promises.
평점: 7	리뷰: "I fought the law and the law won."That song plays under the credits of RoboCop (2014), and it's the best part of the film besides the appearance of Frank Sinatra. Otherwise, this latest iteration of Paul Verhoeven's 1987 classic is so full of thriller-super-hero tropes you'll think you wrote the screenplay. No, you didn't, because you might have done better at not repeating the clichés.The story is best summarized by bad-boy OmniCorp president, Raymond Sellars, played with effective understatement by Michael Keaton: "Forget the machines. They want a product with a conscience. Something that knows what it feels like to be human. We gonna put a man inside a machine." Sellars creates a low-rent Iron Man; in no way does Alex Murphy (Joel Kinnamen) compare with Tony Stark's (a memorable Robert Downey, Jr.) robust intellect and dramatic range.As for the marital romance between RoboCop Alex and his wife, Clara (Abbey Cornish) and the parental love for his child, David (Jean Paul Ruttan), it's all by the book, ho hum. At one point wife and son become hostages—imagine that. Where are Peter Weller and Nancy Allen when you need them?Worst of all, the film takes probably an hour to set up the creation of RoboCop, when the audience already knows something about it. More importantly, the aud needs to see Robocop doing his duty on the streets of Detroit, but he's not on the beat. Nor does director Jose Padhila mine the rich material inherent in troubled Detroit. The film could have been set in Montreal for all the attention paid to Detroit's ill fate in the past and the present. On a more positive note, Gary Oldman's conflicted scientist, Dennett Norton, lends sinister grace. His RoboCop Dr. Frankenstein has the right amount of ambivalence about his creation to make me watch his every reaction to the chaos he has created.Samuel Jackson as the Bill-O'Reilly-conservative TV host, Pat Novak, unknowingly sounds the liberal criticism and theme of the film: "This is the future of American justice!" A question mark rather than an exclamation point could encapsulate the argument about drones of any kind: Do we want machines to make decisions? This RoboFilm is concerned with shooting up everything as the genre dictates. Leave the nuances to Iron Man."What the hell did you do to me?" RoboCop
평점: 7	리뷰: Fans of Paul Verhoeven's 1987 version of Robocop cried betrayal at even the idea of a remake, let alone it being a PG-13 action film. As a film on its own merits, this version of Robocop is a perfectly enjoyable and amiable effort at restarting the Robocop series, even though it does not reach the same heights as the original film.In the near-future, robot forces are essential to enacting American foreign policy and they are able to pacify any area, with a minimum need of human soldiers. While this is helpful around the world, the same robots are not allowed to be used on American soil, because of the Dreyfess Act, causing OmniCorp a problem as the American market is not open to them. To win the PR battle, OmniCorp's CEO Raymond Sellars (Michael Keaton) suggests putting a man into a machine and hires Dr. Dennett Norton (Gary Oldman), an expert at making robotic limbs to lead the project.In Detroit, Alex Murphy (Joel Kinnaman) is an honest police detective who wants to bring down Antoine Vallon (Patrick Garrow), a crime lord with corrupt members of the police in his pocket. Murphy barely survives an assassination attempt and he becomes the perfect candidate to become Robocop. Soon a debate rages on how much emotion and mental awareness Murphy should be allowed to have, as he starts to clean up the streets of Detroit. His wife, Clara (Abbie Cornish) struggles against both OmniCorp and the machine her husband has become.There was a lot of hostility towards the reboot of Robocop and the most harden of resistance will never be won. Somehow, this reboot does manage to stand on its own two feet, building up its own world, focusing on the drama, the politics, the science and the ethics in this future. In comparison to a remake of another Paul Verhoven film the 2014 version of Robocop sets out to tell a story and set up a world, while 2012′s Total Recall was just a relentless slog of meaningless action scenes.Elite Squad's José Padilha took on the directing duties and he puts his own stamp on the series. He takes a more hyper-realistic look, similar to the Iron Man trilogy and The Amazing Spider-man, setting the film in a world similar to our own but with more advance technology. Padilha knows he cannot compete with Verhoven on the satire that made the original Robocop so loved, so plays the reboot straight and keeps the deadpan humour to a minimum.Despite the lack of satire Padilha and his writers do employ some political themes, namely the use of drones by the American military, how America project force around the world, while being safe within her own borders. The other major theme is the political battle between Sellars and Senator Dreyfess (Zach Grenier), how Sellars tries to win over the hearts and minds of the American public. Samuel L. Jackson is the character supplying a satirical edge as a Fox News style talk show host, using his larger than life persona to its fullest extent. Imagine Samuel L. Jackson if he was really right wing and you'll get the idea of what he's going for.The other theme is to what extent Murphy is, a man or a machine and how much free will and emotion he truly has. Padilha tackles the theme of how Murphy regains his humanity much differently than the 1987 version, taking a more scientific and philosophical approach. The 1987 was stronger, as Murphy's life and death is much more tragic, but the 2014 version was aiming to be more realistic and there is strength in the relationship between Murphy and Norton and the moral dilemma Norton suffers.One of the biggest criticisms the reboot was it has a PG-13 rating when the original was a hard-R. Padilha is an accomplished action director in Brazil and the reboot does supply strong action sequences, using a hand-held style and some shaky cam and has excellent special effects and CGI. There was a particularly stunning scene when Murphy sees how much of himself was biological after he became Robocop, showing his remaining organs.Robocop has an excellent cast and they all provide solid performances. Oldman was the strongest performer, as his character has the biggest internal conflict, as a man who wants to do good but slowly sacrifices his ethics. Kinnaman is decent in the lead: he can handle himself in the action scenes, but Peter Weller was iconic in the original film with his deadpan delivery and character arc.The original Robocop is always going to be a classic action film, yet the reboot is a solid sci-fi action film in its own right, taking the basic story of the original and letting the filmmakers make their own film. Robocop (2014) certainly does not join the hall of shame of remakes like Total Recall (2012) and the reboot is not the worst Robocop film (That rightfully belongs to Robocop 3).Please visit www.entertainmentfuse.com
평점: 9	리뷰: Dear fellow movie buffs and Robocop fans! Let's make something clear at the beginning: I'm a huge RoboCop fan, absolutely LOVE the original movie and I advice anybody who feel otherwise stop reading this review further because it is gonna be about something you do not care about: the new RoboCop movie! I watched the RoboCop remake Saturday evening with my other half and as usual I came here to IMDb to check on the reviews and what other people thought of it. I do not write a lot of reviews but this time I absolutely felt the need to write one, as I was shocked to see how people bashing this movie into the ground. Of course it is the usual drill: comparing it to the original, what the new one missed out, the new robo design... etc. I just do not understand most of these people. When I heard that there is gonna be a RoboCop remake I was very happy to hear the news. And it is NOT because I dislike the original! It is because there were no RoboCop movies made for over than 2 decades and I love the material. I wanted the story to continue or something. And we finally got to what I wanted to say! This RoboCop movie is by NO mean bad! When I went to the cinema both me and my girlfriend - who also a fan of the original - were ready to be disappointed and we absolutely loved the movie. This is a different "new age" story of the now famous character. When I saw some of the reviews I just cannot believe that those people watched the same movie! Either that or I have low standards... which I don't think so.People I'm not saying that this remake was not created because the studios wanted to make some quick bucks! Most probably it was! What I'm saying is that they did care about the material, and they took the time to create a new and exciting vision. I go even that far that the message of the movie is different slightly from the original, and that is absolutely fine! The acting is amazing, it was great to see Michael Keaton on the big screen again, he is a very underrated and extremely talented actor in my opinion. Gary Oldman, Samuel L. Jackson, and I gotta say Joel Kinnaman was an awesome and very emotional Alex Murphy! The new RoboCop designs were something scared me off a bit at first too when I saw the first on set shots, but do they look awesome in the movie! The action was great and the special efx of course are something have to work in a movie this caliber so no surprises there: fantastic job! There is one thing though other reviewers also mentioned is a little bit dissatisfying: there is no real enemy. But then again, this is a different story. This one is more about a guy who's being thrown around in this crazy futuristic world where he tries everything to maintain his humanity, even though they constantly shut him down, or overload his brain with information. He is us! And finally let me say that much: yes the original is a classic, and it is indeed different, but this new one is not only enjoyable but has the promise of starting the franchise over again with a first class cast, emotional story, and great effects so sit back and enjoy the ride! This is by no means resembles the hollow empty, unoriginal, and completely pointless Totall Recall remake! So just give it a brake and let's hope that there is gonna be a second part!
평점: 6	리뷰: I was very excited to see this movie remake of the classic RoboCop movie series made famous in the 1980s. The director creates a great environment during the first hour. We see RoboCop join the Detroit City Police Department again as the famous half human half robot character so many followers like me have come to love. I couldn't wait to see RoboCop fight and catch the bad guys on the streets again with his famous trademark quotes like "your move creep", "thank you for your cooperation" or "come quietly or there will be trouble".But one hour in is where this movie seems to fall off a cliff. All of RoboCop's famous quotes have vanished. In fact I didn't hear any of them. I don't think his crime fighting scenes lasted 10 minutes. The longest catch the bad guys scene is filmed in the dark and looks like a video game. Sadly RoboCop's character turns into a backseat puppet sub plot overshadowed by political, media hype and police corruption stories.On the upside the acting and character development are terrific especially between Gary Oldman and Joel Kinnaman. The special effects are decent, realistic and clearly a big part of the movie budget. If you are not familiar with or didn't see any of the 3 original RoboCop movies you may like this new 2014 movie remake more than I did. I find the results entertaining but very disappointing.I say let RoboCop do what he does best. Put him back on the streets again with lots of screen time fighting bad guys. Upholding the law with the street justice he is so famous for is RoboCop's trademark. So please let him have it again if any sequels are made.
평점: 2	리뷰: I put the original classic 1987 Robocop out of my mind when I went to see this. It makes sense to me to judge it on it's own merits.Robocop manages to fail on just about every level.The story, which follows Alex Murphy being transformed into a Cyborg after near fatal injuries from a car bomb, is very slow to get going.At no point was I invested in his journey and his wife's character only seemed to be there to where tops that emphasised her breasts.There are unnecessary, boring exposition dumps that explain why he's more like an emotionless robot in this one and his quest to expose corruption and bring down a ruthless corporate executive is played far too lightly.Every action scene felt like a tired Playstation video game.It often had the feel of a Wednesday afternoon TV movie and I would not waste your money on this one.
평점: 10	리뷰: First of all, take into consideration my rate is 10/10 in science fiction/action category. Last time I was so satisfied after watching this kind of movie I had seen "Pacific Rim", but this one was even better.This film includes a lot of special effects made with high quality, it is not cheap CGI kind of. Most memorable for me where scenes with first person perspective when Robocop makes tactical calculations before going into action - a very nice feature. The armor of Robocop is great, it looks just how it should be.I enjoyed really all scenes including OmniCorp characters. All dialogs between them are full of questions "how to sell a product like Robocop" and answers which finally come out, are a great mix of humour and common sense of greedy, people from big corporations.But the greatest treasure of this film are actors: Gary Oldman, Michael Keaton and Samuel L. Jackson are performing excellent. This is so unique for sci-fi action movies so I decided to make Robocop remake a 10/10 movie.All fans of great performance and great action scenes will leave a cinema with satisfaction.
평점: 6	리뷰: Joel Kinnaman, Gary Oldman, Michael Keaton, Abbie Cornish, Michael K. Williams, Patrick Garrow, Jackie Earle Haley and Samuel L. Jackson star in this 2014 sci-fi remake of the 1987 film. This takes place in the year, 2028 in Detroit, Michigan where we meet cop, Alex Murphy (Kinnaman). He and his partner, Jack Lewis (Williams) are shot at while undercover by criminal, Antoine Vallon (Garrow) and his gang. Jack survives injuries, but Alex becomes targeted next and is killed at home. Soon, company, Omnicorp decides to create a robotic cop out of Alex. He becomes a symbol of law enforcement and soon seeks justice for his murder when his memories come back. Oldman (Batman Begins) plays scientist, Dr. Dennett Norton who modifies and helps Alex, Keaton (Batman) plays Raymond Sellars, the CEO of Omnicorp, Cornish plays Murphy's wife, Clara, Haley (The Bad News Bears) plays soldier, Rick Mattok and Jackson (Pulp Fiction) plays newscaster, Pat Novak. While the original is definitely superior, This isn't a bad remake featuring a good cast, great action & visuals. It's also nice that they included the classic theme originated by Basil Poledouris. I recommend this.
평점: 2	리뷰: it was a very bad remake. when i walked into the theater i was expecting it to be bad, but thought deep down it would surprise me, it failed to. this movie only got a 2 because of sam jackson, with out him it would be a 0 (or 1 because IMDb does not have a 0 selection) if you like bad remakes of classic movies like prom night or evil dead then this movie is for you. a classic was butchered here. the original had so much more going for it, it was funny, action packed, thrilling, and yes violent. this movie had none of that, it was predictable, drawn out, and don't even get me started on that stupid human hand and ridiculous retractable visor. the original was made to make a point on the way the 80s were, this movie was made to make money and be generic as possible. if you want to spend the money on this movie i would recommend take the 10 bucks go to the store and by the DVD. the makers of this movie should have kept the b story of the original, were robocop's memory was wiped and he did not know he was murphy until his partner ann lewis (a character which was replace in this movie and was completely unessential in the remake) told him. it made for a better movie when murphy's family thought he was dead. DO NOT SEE THIS MOVIe
평점: 7	리뷰: Just got back from the 4:00pm first show of the new ROBOCOP.The original 1987 film is one of the seminal films of my youth. It still stands today in my top 5 favourite films of all-time. I was never much of a fan of its sequels. Robocop 2 and Robocop 3 were pretty terrible films, especially given the classic status of the original.I must admit I wasn't particularly thrilled with the news of this remake, but they won me over with the cast-list. Gary Oldman, Michael Keaton, Samuel L Jackson, Michael K. Williams, Jackie Earle Haley, Jay Baruchel. That is one heck of a cool group of actors!After having sat through it, i have to say i didn't hate it. It was easily superior to any of the ROBOCOP SEQUELS, and a decent action film in its own right. The classic tale of corporate greed is decently updated for the modern militarized world, and i thought it took a fresh take on its look at the humanity of Robocop.Abbie Cornish was a surprise to me here. I really liked her performance as Clara Murphy. I wasn't such a huge fan of Joel Kinnaman in the Alex Murphy role, but was satisfied with his performance once he becomes Robocop. This had some decent action sequences, and some terrific visuals and effects. I thought the ending was kind of rushed/abrupt and could have been played out better, a-la the wild west showdown of the finale, but still.....I didn't hate this film. In fact, I kinda liked it. Its not the original, but its a good action movie that stands on its own.
평점: 9	리뷰: Saw this in IMAX at a Palladium Preview here in San Antonio.Overall - Great film with lots of action, good storyline, nice expansion on original premise only missing a few points as a film.Comparing it to the original the storyline was similar in scope but different enough to not feel as if it were a simple copy. We like that it remains in Detroit. We like that the old Taurus cars are gone but it would have been cool to see a little more of that cool Detroit car vibe in this movie since they are "motor city".The action was fast paced and executed perfectly by the actors. The only thing we agreed on was that during the height of the action sequences the film seemed to omit a lot of the detail or slow down for a split second for people to see enough of it. Perfect example is when a motorcycle crashes through a barrier - the crashing though was slowed perfectly but the immediate action that it leads into - the reaction / impact - was a VERY fast cut of scenes with very little scenery and a lot of black. I'm ADD so I caught the entire thing but there simply was a void of content in the scenes for those vital seconds of when the action begins. You hear lots of crashes and noise and shooting but there's a lot of black on the screen. Some people said they closed their eyes because it was just too jerky.We give this movie an extra star for the actors. Who plays Robocop? That guy who is always smoking and high on The Killing? Wait, he's a model too? Yep, that's him and his slow, and slight drawl with the sardonic twist is a perfect compliment to the character who needs to have a personality to differentiate him from the robot . Wonderful casting and if you listen to his voice, you hear his character from "The Killing" but you see him in a totally different light. Great job Joel Kinnaman! Michael K. Williams - Omar! Not to typecast but we just love seeing you in film and another great job. Gary Oldman - such a wonderful but tragic lamentation losing this role to a Brit playing an American - again. A truly incredible actor. Michael Keaton - great job as always. The other character actors did a fine job but I would have enjoyed Jay Baruchel's character being a little more underhanded like they are in real life capitalizing on tragedy without any conscience. Jackie Earle Haley - great to see you doing an awesome sociopath.Only thing is we felt there were references to a plot line that had been cut but sounded really interesting. Oh well. See this, you'll like it and money well spent.You won't wish you were somewhere else and its a good time.
평점: 10	리뷰: How do I begin this review? Well first, I would like to say the girl in this movie is beautiful! But on a more serious note, the guy who plays the part of Robocop does an amazing job. The movements and all, he's got it down. He really makes you think he IS who he is suppose to be. One of the things this movie really focused on also, is just how much of a human he still is, while being a robot. I think it shows more in this than the original, but it isn't done badly. It's balanced pretty well to where it needs to be. He can still be controlled, he can still be turned off. He is still a robot. I think the part where he has to come to terms with it is done really well. And one of the top guys tries to take more of that human aspect out, in order to make him a more efficient killer. How the relationships between him, his wife, kid, and partner are affected, are all done really well too. Oh, and the thing about Lewis being a male now instead of a female like in the original, doesn't bother me for two reasons. If they had picked a new girl for her, she probably wouldn't have been near as good for one thing. I loved Lewis in the original, and here the whole buddy cop thing works really well anyway. While they might have done a good job with her, it just wouldn't have been the same. Plus, he's already got a wife involved throughout the whole movie. I don't want to add too much as far as the story goes, and spoil anything. One thing I will add though, is that the action scenes are fantastic! Bad-ass. One more thing, while I do like it gray better, I warmed up pretty quickly to his suit being black. It is very much redeemed by the end of the film. I certainly was not going to skip seeing this because of something like that anyway. I could probably say more about this movie, but I think I have said enough! I will now give this movie an excellent rating of 10/10. Thanks for reading!
평점: 7	리뷰: Okay here is my review of the Robocop Remake that I saw tonight: Comparing it to the original there is no contest, considering when you measure something that has two completely different time periods it was created in. The original Robocop lacked special effects due to it being a time when digital effects of the needed magnitude were sorely lacking. But made up for it with amazing character development and story. Alex Murphy played by Peter Weller was a brilliant combination of both portraying human emotion through a machine and a trying to cling on what made him human. It like all movies had little flaws here and there but was ultimately a life changing movie for me as a young boy. Beyond the shadow of a doubt comparing the movies would not be entirely fair because of the high standards I place on the Original.That being said the new movie also had its hitches for me on the note that I wasn't a huge fan on who they cast to play Alex Murphy but Joel Kinnaman did the role some justice so I can look past that he is no Peter Weller. I know we have come along way in digital effects I just wish this movie clung to a little bit of old school with some of the moments to make it look more believable. I thought the movie as a whole was very entertaining and I would see it again if you watch it as a stand alone movie it was quite enjoyable I would say it was like watching the Rock play in Walking Tall... Not classic movie worthy but definitely worth watching worthy I give it a 7 out of 10 overall and would recommend people watch it.
평점: 7	리뷰: The trailers & teasers DO NOT do RoboCop 2014 any justice! I grew up with the original RoboCop films and I went into the remake thinking that it would be lousy like previous remakes (Total Recall, A Nightmare on Elm Street, Conan the Barbarian, The Karate Kid, & etc.). But for a PG- 13 movie the new RoboCop is packed with a lot of action!! The shoot-outs are intense. The drama and story were also very well done. YOU the viewer will actually CARE about Murphy and his family. You will want to see the villains get what they deserve. The Special Effects/CGI were AMAZING!! Fantastic job well done. I was not feeling the black suit, but RoboCop does wear the classic armor/ suit in the beginning and at the very end. There's a few references to the 1987 RoboCop film. For example: the ED- 209 robot machines, when Jackie Earle Haley said "I wouldn't buy that for a dollar", the classic RoboCop armor suit, "Dead or Alive - You're Coming With Me", "Thank You For Your Cooperation" & etc. The movie does have its differences and tries to stand on its own.I would recommend RoboCop 2014 to new fans and fans of the original 1987 RoboCop. The ACTION scenes are HARD HITTING and FAST PACED. The bullets fly then RoboCop's targets die!!! Can't Stop RoboCop!!!! The only thing that I did not like was RoboCop riding on a motorcycle instead of in his traditional Police Car. RoboCop on the motorcycle made me think of Terminator 2: Judgement Day. Other than that small blemish, I'd give RoboCop 2014 an 8 out of 10.
평점: 8	리뷰: this movie when I was little I really like the Robocop films since the age of 5 years old I was the first Robocop movie. I hope this film does not disappoint, and I hope there is a sequel to the second, third, fourth Robocop why not use the car anymore, whether now jammed streets so Robocop wearing motorcycle vehicle. this movie when I was little I really like the Robocop films since the age of 5 years old I was the first Robocop movie. I hope this film does not disappoint, and I hope there is a sequel to the second, third, fourth Robocop why not use the car anymore, whether now jammed streets so Robocop wearing motorcycle vehicle.
평점: 8	리뷰: While I went in to the theater with visions of the 1998 Godzilla fiasco lodged in my brain, I left cheering and refreshed.Let me just make one thing perfectly clear, no, this isn't an exact remake of the original Robocop that I fell in love with as a child, but it certainly proves to me that just because something is PG-13, doesn't mean that it can't be gory and gritty in its own right.To be honest, when they stripped away all of the robotic suit and showed Murphy what remained of him, I a bit shocked and kind of disgusted. However, it was not in the whiny protesting way, but rather the "oh gods, I just saw an animal get hit by a bus" shocked. That image of pulsating guts and organs was rather grisly.The action scenes were a bit too fast for my taste, and I thought that some of the Samuel L. Jackson scenes were hit or miss, but overall, I found this movie to be as entertaining and action-packed as the original and certainly worthy of the name "Robocop".
평점: 2	리뷰: Have you ever wondered what Alex Murphy and his machine counter-part Robocop would be like if a film about the him/them became more about his struggle than the fun of actually being a robot? In the 2014 remake of the 1987 science-fiction masterpiece, of the same name, you will get your answer. Unfortunately, the journey to the answer malfunctions like bad wiring.Director Jose Padilha does the impossible. He makes a movie about a walking war machine into one boring mess. How does he accomplish this? In this film Alex, as the original, is a cop, family man, and all around good guy. Michael K. Williams, who people may know from the two HBO series, "Boardwalk Empire" and "The Wire", plays his partner who is shot during a drug bust that is run by the kingpin Antoine Vallon. Meanwhile Omnicrop, a technological corporation, who are building war machines to prevent from more American soldiers dying, run into a slight snag in their plans. The government wants the operation shut down since machines don't have the most important components in war..human instinct and emotions. Once these war machines are engaged they have no second thought or care who is in their way. The CEO of the company Raymond Sellas, who is played by Michael Keaton, is trying to work with the lead scientist Dr. Dennett Norton on a solution. Dennett, has been experimenting on disabled war veterans with technology that can act as limbs. Sellas wants to test the human war machine hybrid out and has several candidates for the job. Dennett's concern is maintaining the human element of the experiment and not choosing someone who isn't mentally capable of being a machine. Gary Oldman gives Dennett the emotional weight this film needs. It isn't surprising that an actor of his caliber accomplishes this feat,even though the script is emotionally stunted and all over the place. His performance is one of the only things redeemable about this pointless film.Joel Kinnaman's Alex Murphy is nearly killed by Vallon's men when a bomb placed under his car ignites one night when he goes to shut the alarm off. It is then where he becomes Robocop. We do get to see what remaining parts were left after the explosion, disconnected from the robot body, in a scene that is quite terrifying. Kinnaman goes through the motions of playing the title character. He provides a bit of depth to a very underwritten character. Outside of recreating emotions from scenes of the older film he doesn't do much more than act like a robot and attempt to draw drama from an empty script. When the corporation gives him a test run against war machines and Rick Mattox, played by Jackie Earl Haley, who is fairly okay as a military type, Dennett and Sellas watch as our hero proves himself. Even though this would have been a chance for the film to come alive it is bogged down by action that doesn't have any jolt and scientific babble from Dennett, who keeps telling us that Alex is still in there. It is as if Pahdila was afraid of turning this into a generic action film. There is a middle between thoughtful and dumb. Pahdila seems to be in a different area, which is the area of boring. None of the modern effects or action feel like they have life in them. Sure, they look good but are hallow. Oldman's job seems to injecting his warm intellect, which worked so well in the "Dark Knight" franchise. He is practically playing Gordon as a scientist. I have a feeling that Oldman may have the role of being a white Morgan Freeman for now on; in the way he will be the older and wiser voice in all the chaos of any action film he is dropped in. Remember the guy who did this to poor Alex? Of course you don't because that was three paragraphs ago. That is basically the same treatment he gets in the film. See, he really isn't the villain. He pops up near the end when Alex gets his chance at redemption. By this point though so many plots have been thrown at us and none have have stuck, which results in his downfall meaning nothing. Wouldn't you want the guy who was responsible for turning Alex into a machine to have an epic send off? Nope, not this film. I understand they were trying something new with the story but placing an non-threatening, and I mean ridiculously bland, Michael Keaton as the villain was a bad mistake. He was supposed to be this powerful and terrifying villain but he is neither played or written like it. The character is possibly the worst CEO type villain I have ever seen. Keaton doesn't add anything to it. He seems to be playing it like a nice guy trying to be bad. As I said, many plots and feelings are thrown at us but none of it sticks. It is a film that tries to do so much but fails miserably. They even throw in Samuel L. Jackson who just seems out of place and there for the sake of giving the film some type of excitement. I will use this one sentence to compare this one to the original: this film wishes it had even a hair of the originality, intellect, satire, violence, and thrills that the original possessed. Instead, it lies there like a beautifully CGI'ed dead fish
평점: 4	리뷰: There are a lot of things about this film that are done well. The actors, Michael Keaton, Abby Cornish, Jackie Earle Haley, etc... were just fine. Joel Kinnaman wasn't terrible and the director handled the script well enough. The big problem lies in the script and the "pointing everything out" aspect of the film. So before I go into that, I want to say that I like the silver suit and I like the fact that the kid actor was used for just the right amount of time. What didn't work for the film was it's antagonist. Rather than having Dick Jones, the ED-209, and Clarence Boddicker, we got a weak bad guy with the typical "corporations, fox news, and war are bad" line. They had Samuel L Jackson in the film to be a parody of fox news and it didn't really match the rest of the film. The corporate environment felt like a cartoon written by Ted Turner, and the police department had no soul. What kept the movie working was Gary Oldman and the Family story. I'd say rent it rather than see it in theaters.
평점: 8	리뷰: I saw "RoboCop", starring Joel Kinnaman-born in Sweden but you might have seen him in The Killing-t.v., Safe House; Gary Oldman-The Dark Knight movies, Lost in Space-1998; Michael Keaton-The Other Guys, Batman-1989; Abbie Cornish-Seven Psychopaths, Sucker Punch and Samuel L. Jackson-Django Unchained, Die Hard: With a Vengeance.First of all, this is a reboot, not a sequel. It takes place in the not too distant future of 2028, in Detroit. Samuel plays a television personality that opens the movie by explaining how the United States' robot technology has made the World safer; that is, safer every where but here in the good old U.S. of A., where the American people are afraid of the robots and flying drones-imagine that. Michael plays the head of the company that builds these robots and makes a hefty profit at it, I might add. He really wants to expand into the states but the people are just too afraid. Gary plays a brilliant doctor that works with people that are amputees; he replaces their missing limbs with mechanical arms, legs, etc. Michael decides that if he can combine a man and a robot, the people will go for it. Along comes Joel, a dedicated police officer that gets mangled in an explosion-someone tried to kill him because he was just too dedicated-and he is just perfect for the job of becoming the first half man, half robot police officer that will further line Michael's pockets. Abbie plays Joel's wife. There is a lot of action, mostly gun battles, and you also get a look see at what is underneath the robot shell of RoboCop-they show you what is actually left of his human body. I did hear a song in the soundtrack that I haven't heard in quite a while, 'Hocus Pocus' by a group called Focus. This is also the first RoboCop movie to be shown in IMAX-and yes, that is the version that I saw it in. It's rated "PG-13" for intense violence-including lots of gun battles- language and some drug material and has a running time of 1 hour & 48 minutes. I really enjoyed it and would buy it on Blu-Ray.
평점: 7	리뷰: ROBOCOP (2014) **1/2 Joel Kinnaman, Gary Oldman, Michael Keaton, Abbie Cornish, Jackie Earl Haley, Michael K. Williams, Jennifer Ehle, Jay Baruchel, Marianne Jean-Baptiste, Samuel L. Jackson, Aimee Garcia, John Paul Ruttan. Once again another unnecessary reboot of an '80s classic this time with fair-to-meh results overall in the Frankensteinian mythos cum Dirty Harry meets Iron Man sci - fi action futuristic action flick set in crime-overrun Detroit with recently left for dead cop Alex Murphy (Kinnaman who acquits himself but is no Peter Weller) revived as the titular robotic weapon to vanquish the bad guys. Special effects overload, video-game violent mentality and very little 'fun' involved in spite of some emotional input added and a decent cast. (Dir: Jose Padilha)

영화제목: 12 Years a Slave
평점: 10	리뷰: I attended the premiere of 12 Years a Slave at the Toronto International Film Festival. Having no tickets, we had to wait close to 4 hours hoping they might let us in. I have to say it was definitely worth the wait and it is hands down the best film I've seen at the festival. The film is based on the real story of Solomon Northup (played by Chiwetel Ejiofor), a free black man living in New York, who is abducted and sold into slavery in Louisiana. As the film begins, we are exposed to his talent as a musician (he plays the violin) and get a glimpse of the life he leads with his wife and two children. All is well until he meets two men who seem taken by his music and want to bring him along with them so he can play at various events. When Solomon wakes up in chains, his dark journey starts and the film never lets you take a break.If you've seen McQueen's other works then you more or less know what kind of movie to expect (if you haven't then please stop reading and watch Hunger and Shame). 12 Years a Slave is dark and raw, it exposes everything, without sugarcoating it. It is definitely hard to watch; Several people walked out of the the theatre but in my opinion, it is not only worth watching but necessary. Films exploring themes of slavery are few and far in between and never has one been quite as exhaustive and effective as this one. Beautifully shot and edited, the film features moments of tension, heartbreak and a few laughs here and there. Steve McQueen has created another masterpiece.Most actors get very little screen time. Paul Giamatti and Sarah Paulson are seen for a few minutes but both are great as usual. Benedict Cumberbatch plays a plantation owner, who recognizes Solomon's talent and tries to help him to a certain extent. Despite being a slaver, he is presented in the film as being a good man. Cumberbatch was very good, though outshined by far by Michael Fassbender. He goes through every emotion and gives it his everything. In my opinion, this is his best performance to date. Paul Dano gets a few minutes of screen time as well but makes incredible use of it. As Benedict's worker, he despises slaves and the songs he sings to Solomon makes an incredibly powerful scene, one of the most disturbing in the film. Lupita Nyong'o's first appearance in a feature film is stunning, as she plays a heart breaking young slave. I hope she has a long career ahead of her, she certainly has the talent for it. The true star is definitely Chiwetel Ejiofor. His performance as Solomon is stunning and unforgettable, I truly hope he wins the Oscar for it this year.All in all, if you get a chance to see 12 Years a Slave, don't miss it. Not everyone will be able to stomach it but it's an outstanding film that deserves and needs to be seen.
평점: 10	리뷰: Read More @ The Awards Circuit (http://www.awardscircuit.com)One of the things that have been thrown around for months now is the notion that awards season voting bodies won't respond to it because it's too "difficult" to sit through. Let's define difficult, shall we? Is it difficult to see the first openly gay politician gunned down by his closeted colleague? Is it difficult to see a reformed convict put to death by our country for his crimes? Is it difficult to see a mother choose which one of her children dies during the Holocaust? I'd argue that these answers add up to a resounding yes. Yet, no one threw those phrases of "too difficult" around.I've watched hundreds of films throughout my short 29-year history and I've seen some difficult cinema. Steven Spielberg's "Schindler's List" can make anyone quiver in shame as it shows the despicable reality of the Holocaust. Paul Greengrass' "United 93", which is almost an emotional biopic of America's darkest hour, makes me want to crawl up into a ball and cry. And finally, Mel Gibson's "The Passion of the Christ", one of the highest grossing films of all-time, shows the labor of our sins fleshed out into the beaten skin of an honest man. And still, no one threw these hyperbolic terms out saying, "it's too hard watch." Is it because this is an American tragedy, done by Americans? Is it the guilt of someone's ancestors manifesting it in your tear ducts? I can't answer that. Only the person who says it can. The structure of this country is built on the backs and blood of slaves. But slavery didn't just exist in America, it was everywhere. It was horrifying what occurred for over 200 years and believe it or not, still exists in some parts of the world TODAY.Now when approaching the powerful film by McQueen and distributed by Fox Searchlight Pictures, there is a resounding honesty that McQueen and screenwriter John Ridley inhabit. There are no tricks or gimmicks, no cheap takes on a side story or character that is put there for time filling or a life-lesson for Solomon to learn. Everything is genuine. Is the film heartbreaking? Oh my God yes. Did I cry for several minutes after the screening? Embarrassingly so. I was enamored the entire time, head to toe, moment to moment.I have long admired the talent that's been evident in the works of Chiwetel Ejiofor. I've known he was capable of what he has accomplished as Solomon Northup and he hits it out of the park. He has the urgency, worry, and drive to get home to his family and executes every emotion flawlessly even when all hope seems to be lost. Where he shines incredibly are the small nuances that he takes as the story slows down, you notice aspects of Solomon that make him even more believable.As Edwin Epps, Solomon's last owner, Michael Fassbender digs down deep into some evil territory. Acts as the "Amon Goeth" of our tale, he is exactly what you'd expect a person who believes this should be a way of life to behave. He's vile and strikes fear into not only the people he interacts with but with the viewers who watch. As Mrs. Epps, Sarah Paulson is just as wretched. Abusive, conniving, entitled, and I loved every second of her.Mark my words; Lupita Nyong'o is the emotional epicenter of the entire film. The heartache, tears, and anger that will grow inside during the feature will have our beautiful "Patsey" at the core. She is the great find of our film year and will surely go on to more dynamic and passionate projects in the future. You're watching the birth of a star.Hans Zimmer puts forth a very pronounced score, enriched with all the subtle ticks that strike the chords of tone. One thing that cannot be denied is the exquisite camera work of Sean Bobbit. Weaving through the parts of boat and then through the grassroots of a cotton field, he puts himself in the leagues of Roger Deakins and Seamus McGarvey as one of the most innovative and exciting DP's in the business. Especially following his work in "The Place Beyond the Pines" earlier this year. Simply marvelous.Oscar chances, since I know many of you are wondering. Put the Oscar's in my hands, you have a dozen nominations reap for the taking. Best Picture, Director, Lead Actor, Supporting Actor, dual Supporting Actresses, Adapted Screenplay, Production Design, Cinematography, Costume Design, Film Editing, Makeup and Hairstyling, Original Score. There's also a strong and rich sound scope that is present. The sounds of nature as the slaves walk or as Solomon approaches his master's house is noticed. The big question is, can it win? I haven't seen everything yet so I cannot yet if it deserves it or not. I can say, if critics and audiences can get off this "difficult" watch nonsense and accept the cinematic endeavor as a look into our own history as told from a great auteur, there's no reason it can't top the night. I'm very aware that seeing this film along with Steve McQueen crowned by Oscar is nearly erasing 85 years of history in the Academy. Are they willing and ready to begin looking into new realms and allowing someone not necessarily in their inner circles to make a bold statement as McQueen and Ridley take in "12 Years a Slave?" I remain hopeful.
평점: 8	리뷰: 12 Years a Slave is that movie that I hear is currently the front runner for best picture of the year at the Academy Awards. I thought my expectations were to high going in to this movie, and that I might leave the theater disappointed, and I did end up a little disappointed when the movie ended. The cast is huge, but Chiwetel Ejiofor is the main lead, while Benedict Cumberbatch and Michael Fassbender deserve special mentions. Many people will probably enjoy this film better than I did, but as a current student of American history, I did not find the violence to be very shocking or powerful to me. In case you don't already know, the movie is about a free black man in New York who is kidnapped and sold into slavery for 12 years. This is by no means a bad movie, as a matter of fact, the good strongly outweighs the bad. First of all, the directing is excellent. There were many shots that stuck with me, but there are two in particular I would like to mention. There is one scene where Ejiofor's character is chained in a dungeon screaming for help, and the camera slowly moves up to reveal that he is close to the White House. I thought this was an excellent commentary on how political leaders made this legal in America. The second shot was where it shows Ejiofor's character struggling to survive a hanging for several minuets, which I thought was extremely well done. Also, the acting was beyond astounding, especially from Cumberbatch and Fassbender. Both of them should win Oscars, but sadly only one will. It is also important to mention that many viewers found the violence in the movie to be sickening, brutal, and devastating, and not always in a good way. This makes the movie very controversial. Luckily for me, I am very desensitized to violence in movie, and I could handle everything the movie threw at me. I also found that the movie started to get a little boring half way through, which was depressing because The Disappearance of Eleanor Rigby was over 3 hours about a relationship, and this movie was still more boring. The movie overall was pretty much just a bunch of bad things that were done to slaves, and then it was over. See this movie in theaters, because even though I found it pretty boring, the movie still gets a rating of 8.1/10 stars for being an excellently directed and acted picture, if not a fun one.
평점: 9	리뷰: Considering the social and economic importance of slavery in America's history, the scarcity of serious films depicting the daily life of slaves in the Confederate States is significant - especially since the after-effects from this shameful episode still echo through the culture. '12 Years a Slave' is based upon the memoirs of Solomon Northup, who endured a hellish period of enslavement in Louisiana, which is backed up by legal records.The story begins with him living with wife and children in upstate New York as a free man and respected member of his community. After being lured to Washington by a couple of con-artists who promised him work, he was subsequently drugged, locked in chains, viciously beaten, stripped of his identity and shipped to New Orleans to be sold into slavery. Over the next twelve years, he was owned by two men who treated him in contrasting ways. The first was a relatively civilized fellow, but the plantation's half-witted manager was threatened by Northup's superior intelligence. Their mutual dislike produced a dangerously volatile situation, and unwilling to lose his investment, Northup's owner re-sold him to a neighbor. This unbalanced individual regarded his slaves as property to be used for pleasure and profit, which caused them to live in perpetual fear that his capricious moods would flare into sadistic lust or rage at any moment.It's noteworthy that a British director has become one of the few filmmakers to delve deeply into this subject, and the combination of John Ridley's powerful script and McQueen's directorial skills has inspired exceptional performances from the entire cast. Their dramatization of Northup's experiences is both riveting and uncomfortable to watch, as the film depicts the perverse nature of a society that permitted such a barbaric system. Hopefully it will reach a large US audience, who will learn how a privileged Southern elite cruelly exploited their fellow humans in order to acquire greater wealth for themselves.
평점: 9	리뷰: One of our partners was invited to TIFF for the premiere of Life of Crime so I was lucky to be able to tag along with him and watch these two great films along with The Lunchbox. I didn't initially even think of writing a review because I would hate to discuss something that the majority of the public hasn't seen yet because public opinion would be limited. But, seeing the reviews that some have published has pushed me to write a review of my own.In the beginning, the movie moves semi fast as far as getting into the central plot but not too fast that you don't get the opportunity to assess the characters. In fact, by the time Solomon (Ejiofor) is sold into slavery, in my opinion, his demeanor, education, and his family are established enough for you to invest enough emotion into him that by the end of the film you care enough about him to wonder if he and his family will ever be reunited.I don't understand how someone can say that they were bored because they are desensitized by the beatings and tortures that African American slaves endured during that dark time. Odd analogy but, I cried at the end the movie Titanic not because I was unaware of the fact that the ship would sink and eventually be the demise of thousands of people but because the story telling grasped my attention and pulled at my heart strings. Same case with 12 Years. Yes, you know Solomon along with the other unfortunate souls will endure physical and emotional pain and you might be well familiar with the tools and methods they accomplished this with but it makes it no less shocking, sad, or important. I wonder if this person saw the same movie that I saw, if at all, because without spoiling too much of the movie, there is a torture scene in which the camera not only zooms into what's occurring but it also seems to last forever to the point where I was so uncomfortable that I wanted the scene to end. McQueen does this throughout this film (along with many of his other films), his scenes make you uncomfortable mostly because his camera lingers on scenes that are very hard to watch.Surprisingly, the only time I got teary eyed was in a funeral scene where Ejiofor's acting shines and mostly with facial expressions (and some singing) you realize that he's finally succumbed to his situation versus how in the beginning he emotionally fought his sudden twist of fate. As far as the other actors, much has been said about Fassbander and Nyong'o's superior acting, rightly so, but I found myself being really impressed with Benedict Cumberbatch and Paul Dano's performances. Hopefully, we can all agree that Fassbander's character, Edwin Epps, is that of a tyrant and just an awful human being. Someone like that is easy to assess but Cumberbatch's William Ford is more complex. He's a slave owner yet he treats his slaves humanely, to an extent he cares about them but he definitely puts his and his families' interest above all, and although he doesn't partake in the beatings he sure doesn't interfere with the process. He makes you ask yourself if neutral people like him are good or bad for progress. I still don't know the answer to that. Paul Dano plays John Tibeats and his character is cruel and has horrible mood swings. The way he was played, I wondered if the person the character was based on had a mental disorder. He's uneducated (almost slow), not even respected within his peers, and overall just a loser. Not to make excuses for him but how could someone with those defects possibly be kind to another human being let alone a human who was considered inferior throughout that time. He too makes me question the hardships that other people, other than slaves, were going through during that time.Overall, this film had a great narrative, strong performances from the entire cast, and I would definitely recommend this film. I do have two complaints, though. I too felt that the ending was a bit abrupt. In all fairness, I'm not sure what kind of closure I was expecting but I felt like much was left unsaid. My biggest gripe of all has to be the torture scene I mentioned above in which Patsey (Nyong'o) yells something to Solomon and it just had John Ridley's over the top style written all over it. According to Solomon Northup's biography this exchange did not happen so why did Ridley feel the need to add such a dramatic statement? What was the need to create sexual(?) tension between Patsey and Solomon's character? The same could be said about a speech Solomon gives in the film. That too was fiction and not realistic but I guess they did that to emphasize on their message on hope.
평점: 9	리뷰: To be honest, I am not sure why as a Black male I subject myself to watching films focused on slavery. You learn about it in school, hear about it from parents and grandparents, and the internet is filled with pictures which make you internally grateful you are born in this day and age. Yet still, something draws you in like the advertisement of horror movies. You know you'll be frightened, but not by some crazed, sometimes mystical, being, but by something that you only missed out on by 2-4 generations.In the movie, to me there is only a handful who really stand out worth noting. Chiwetel Ejiofor as Solomon Northup naturally stands out, for he is the lead who we watch live 12 years with swaying hope, a consistent sense of pride, and a tongue which constantly makes you think he has a death wish. Joining him is Michael Fassbender as Edwin Epps, who pretty much is despicable that you hope you get to see him die violently, brutally, and to the point he can't be recognized. Alongside Edwin is his wife Mary Epps, played by Sarah Paulson, of American Horror Story fame, who, at best, is like a mad dog barking, but rarely having the guts to bite. Then, in my opinion, the only person left worth mentioning is Lupita Nyong'o's Patsey, a young girl who works hard and who finally represents the often ignored plight of a Black woman enslaved on a plantation.As for the story, we cover Solomon's journey from a freeman to a slave. During this journey we see a man who had an education, skills, and a sense of being dignified, be dehumanized to the point where you realize that, even now, no matter what type of paper you hold, be it one saying you are a freeman, equal citizen, or what have you, it doesn't change the color of your skin and the way others perceive, and will treat you, because of it. Luckily for us though, 12 years fly by and though brutality is in every other scene, the pain is shared and Solomon does have some moments when he gets even the most minuscule of victories.Now, I am well aware of the many praises of the film there are, and while some of it is definitely granted, in other areas I feel iffy. But, to start off, I believe there is so much praise that should be bestowed on Lupita Nyong'o. Though this is Solomon's narrative, her character at times steals any feelings you'd think you should have, or do have, for Solomon. She makes your body shake, your face tense, and may make tears fall from your eyes. As for Chiwetel Ejiofor, I must admit I didn't think much of his performance for most of the movie, but as the movie comes to an end you realize why. To me, it was because of a sense of empathy to the point of being sometimes like stigmata. Solomon has to numb himself so much to keep hope that you end up numbing your emotions as well. However, when there is a rope around his neck, you do feel your collar tighten; when he is beaten and healing from his wounds, you start to become uncomfortable in your chair like sitting against something, no matter how soft, is just masochism; and though you are given many reasons to cry, you suck it up for you know it won't do much for you to shed tears. But, during the final scene, when the self-induced Novocain wears off, you shed tears like he does and let go of all that you've held in throughout the movie and even find your body, as you leave, numb and shaky from trying to keep your composure, as Solomon had to for most of the movie. Which leads to me going into what didn't work with the film, of which there isn't a lot. The first thing I must note is that it seems the film tries to pull a Django at times by having Solomon fight back or talk slick, giving him a moment where he outwits his slavers and gives you some relief from him being continuously forced to be subservient. Such, at least I felt, seemed a bit unreal and it, to a small point, diminished the would-be villains, like Fassbender's Edwin Epps, a bit. Though I must not Edwin quickly reasserts himself. Outside of that though, the only issue I could have is that for most of the movie you may find it hard to connect to Solomon, or realize you are doing it. Because of that, you more easily attach yourself to other slaves' stories, especially the women like Lupita Nyong'o's and Adepero Oduye's characters. Oduye plays a slave named Eliza in the film. Because of this be it Eliza, Patsey, or even Alfre Woodard's character Mistress Shaw, Solomon's story becomes less of an interest and you end up wanting to learn about these women much more. Perhaps though that is more a praise to the women than a criticism though.Overall: Worth SeeingTo me, this is a film you see once and never again. It is brutal, graphic, and I personally found it triggering my freedom and Civil Rights were given only a few years ago. And it really does touch you that deeply too, and whether you are a man and end up feeling Solomon's pain or take on the pain of the Eliza or Patsey, you don't leave the film without being the least bit scathed. Which is why I say it is worth seeing. Nyong'o surely gives an award worthy performance which thinking about makes my breaths shallow and eyes begin to water. Ejiofor holds his own as well, but he is definitely put in Nyong'o's shadow. This isn't to say though he surely doesn't deserve accolades.
평점: 10	리뷰: I just saw this at LFF. It is a brilliant piece of cinema. Clearly it's central theme is slavery, and the depravity human nature can so easily reach; but it has many other small moments that trigger thoughts about wider issues - the role of religion being one for example. It is violent, and in some respects awful to watch, but this is the story of Solomon Northup told truthfully. There is nothing saccharine about the way Steve McQueen presents this and that is what makes it so astonishing. You cry because what you witness is truly terrible, not because the violins are out and the director's tugging on your heart strings. All the acting is first rate, as is the score by Hans Zimmer. This really should be essential viewing for everyone old enough to understand it.
평점: 9	리뷰: A random and encounter has led Solomon Northup from living freely in New York to being kidnapped and sold into slavery in Louisiana, getting handed over to various slave owners. There, Solomon witnesses numerous acts of cruelty that no man should ever face.As I stared at the movie screen with full dread, I was reeling back at certain scenes I had just witnessed. There were good films and television shows about slavery before, and they had various nuances at how to tackle slavery. This film is part of said resurgence of the sub- genre, hot on the heels of "Django Unchained" and "The Butler". But while the former relinquishes on Spaghetti Western entertainment more than attempting to address the issue in a political light as the latter, Steve McQueen's "12 Years a Slave" shuts those two up, and perhaps the entire sub-genre, for good. I doubt any future slavery-themed film will be as harrowing as this one was.Steve McQueen is a fearless filmmaker, continuing his streak of unfiltered brutality within human depths. He frames his actors' faces in extreme close-up, the eyes staring into despair, the nostrils fuming in aggression. Naked flesh are shown not because of erotic content, but rather because of desperation and futility. Long takes and wide shots are not uncommon in his films, and here they showcase a plethora of fantastic scenes and performances that work to discomfort the viewer as much as possible. McQueen doesn't just allow the audience to tackle slavery, he guts the audience and leaves them for the consequences. This is an extremely uncomfortable film to watch. Beautifully shot locations are placeholders for unsettling sequences before and after, contemplated by Hans Zimmer's poignant and at times horrifying score. This all works to create a nightmarish time and place where hell walks on Earth.Central to all of this is the performance of Chiwetel Ejiofor as Solomon. Ejiofor showcases that he is a natural force to be reckoned with in this film, after a decade of mostly supporting characters. He spaces out in despair as the camera lingers onto him for solid minutes, not a word spoken. Another sequence shows him mourning the death of a fellow worker, in which the singing of the surrounding group compels him and shakes him down to tears. These scenes follow earlier ones where he is a classy, free man in the upper states, mingling happily with the crowd and partaking in fanciful music sessions. It is a tour-de-force performance.A fine ensemble of established and up-and-coming actors surround Ejiofor in his limelight - Paul Dano, Paul Giammati, Alfre Woodard, Sarah Paulson, even Brad Pitt and Benedict Cumberbatch, but none so ferociously as McQueen regular Michael Fassbender as the despicable, sadistic plantation owner Edwin Epps. So excellent and terrifying is Fassbender's portrayal of such a merciless and barbaric person, that the mere sight of him will either cause audience members unfamiliar to him to flinch.I was left speechless as the credits rolled. A lesser film would have added tacked-on sentimentality/exaggeration and politically influenced claptrap. Not this one. This is a movie to watch as a reminder of how powerful the human spirit can endeavor, and how lucky all of us have grown past that dreadful time in history. The full effect of it has not been felt in movies before, until now.
평점: 7	리뷰: Aaaaaand the Oscar goes to Chiwetel Ejiofor. He did an amazing job in "12 Years A Slave." Really outstanding. The movie as a whole....7/10. I think I would have scored it much higher if it had a different director. Steve McQueen's style just doesn't work for me. If you're a fan of his other films, you'll probably like this one. I have a feeling he had final cut approval of this film, and it really shows. It desperately needed an editor. A much tighter narrative would have been significantly more moving.The dialogue was unusually awkward for a film of this caliber - it ripped me right out of the story. The scenes of brutality were very difficult to watch, but that was the point. The film definitely made me want to read the book (to which it is supposed to be very faithful). There was some unnecessary creation of inflammatory, fictitious dialogue which is unfortunate because the real story is damning enough. The acting was mostly good (Chiwetel was fantastic, as mentioned above). Michael Fassbender's transformation into a cruel slave master was remarkable and chilling. He'll most likely win for Best Supporting Actor. Benedict Cumberbatch was great, as always. There were a bunch of really, really odd casting choices, though, that, again, ripped me from the story. Taran Killam (SNL), Garret Dillahunt (Raising Hope), Brad Pitt in a five- minute cameo. I understand that comedians often want to transfer to more dramatic roles, but I really think their addition to a production of this weighty subject matter was a huge mistake.This isn't a movie you'll enjoy seeing, but if you're a fan of the cautionary tales of history and want to see a relatively faithful adaptation of a horrifying true story set in the pre-abolition US, then I think you'll benefit from seeing this film.
평점: 6	리뷰: Chiwetel Ejiofor delivered his usual brilliant performance; he is one of the most compelling leading men around. McQueen has a great eye, and the cinematographer captures his vision. The film is often beautiful.And yet...and yet...the screenplay (some of the characters sound as if they are in a Shakespearean play) is uneven, crushingly slow at some points, and the acting of several of the secondary characters is, in some cases, not good. McQueen should have done additional takes rather than let some of those early scenes stand. At any rate, he does not seem to be an actor's director.And, while the subject of slavery in the US is a deep subject, the film seemed hollow; there was no real attempt at character development or background. Back to Ejiofor. Without him, the movie would be a 3 or 4.
평점: 10	리뷰: "I will keep myself hearty until freedom is opportunity"  For her crime of fetching a bar of soap in order to rid herself of her  own unbearable stench, a young slave girl by the name of Patsey (Lupita  Nyong'o) is secured to a wooden post and relentlessly whipped by a  ruthless plantation owner, Edwin Epps (Michael Fassbender). Combine  this with an earlier scene in where the camera lingers in a torturous  long take over Solomon Northup (Chiwetel Ejiofor), as his back is  brutally savaged by assorted instruments, we know that Steve McQueen's  12 Years A Slave will not be an easy watch. As Patsey receives her  unjust punishment, Sean Bobbitt's unflinching camera captures the act  of cruelty and all its agony. The girl's skin peels of her back as the  whip tears through her flesh, exposing the blood and bone beneath. With  every anger-filled lash, you cringe deeper into your seat, sheltered in  an auditorium that has suddenly become rather chilly.  The year is 1841. Based on a true story, this historical period-drama  sees Solomon's life as a free family man stolen from under him when he  is kidnapped and sold as a slave, first to the benevolent Ford  (Benedict Cumberbatch) and then to the less-humane Epps. Throughout his  journey from Saratoga, New York to a plantation in Louisiana, Solomon  (slave name Platt) must keep his true identity and talents a secret if  he hopes to survive; "I don't want to survive. I want to live", says  Solomon and with every day that goes past, his chances of freedom grow  increasingly unlikely.  In response to the inevitable comparisons to Quentin Tarrantino's  Django Unchained, McQueen's masterpiece proudly tackles the  long-untouchable subject of slavery in its own way; "Either we were  going to make a film about slavery or we weren't  and we chose to make  a film about slavery" says McQueen during the London Film Festival,  "making a slavery movie without violence would be like making a World  War II movie without shooting anyone." If the pulpster's cartoonish  Django Unchained were to be considered little more than an appetiser to  slavery, then the raw and difficult 12 Years A Slave is very much the  main course and what a taste it leaves.  As Michael Fassbender's illustrious career screams for an Academy  Award, up steps McQueen  given that this is their third collaboration,  with Hunger and Shame both drawing Oscar blanks, 12 Years A Slave puts  the duo on track for third time lucky. The Fass's rendition of slaver  Epps A.K.A the "nigger-breaker", whose mood is lightened whenever he  delivers punishment to his "property", is truly remarkable and matches,  if not surpasses DiCaprio's exceptional turn as Django's Calvin Candie.  Ejiofor, our lead, graces us with a powerhouse performance as a broken  man whose eyes know nothing but pain. His formidable rendition of a  wrongfully enslaved man (not to say that any form is slavery is right)  claws at our heartstrings with as much mercy as the winter shows its  wildlife.  Where the cinematography could be described as beautiful in the  inspired way it allows the action to unfold, it feels very wrong to  attach such an adjective to a film with visuals that are actually quite  detrimental to one's peace of mind. Nonetheless, the creative  camera-work encourages Slave's cinematic scope and as it lingers in  close-up over the many lost faces, on some level this helps to restore  their identities; we're given time to remember who they are.  The title hints towards an inevitable conclusion, but nevertheless,  this is a fantastic feature that confirms McQueen's directorial  prowess See you at the Oscars. As the credits role and the auditorium  falls into darkness, nobody moves. Silent. Mesmerised.
평점: 10	리뷰: Is Solomon a sambo? In the sense of a token black who goes to great extremes of foolishness to entertain and appease white observers and to protect his privileged social position. His fiddle playing enthusiasm, his constant claim at freedom while those like him are being held in bondage, and his unmerciful act of turning down Patsy's plea to take her life, though he's able to take the whip in his hand to beat her, and his constant begging of whites to perform favors for him. Throughout the film two stories are being told. One story is the story of a free man who is thrown into slavery and makes it home in the end. The other is the story of a man who imagines that he is free. The veil is never lifted for Solomon, but for us, the viewer, it is. We have the opportunity to briefly see him in all the vanity of his individualism and selfishness. A man that will use his intelligence to follow the rules, and risk his life just to send a letter, rather than save a single soul.We too like Solomon are complicit in our privilege. While the practice of slavery continues, we dare to use words like freedom and liberty. We turn our backs on cries for help, like Solomon did to Patsy, and like a fellow slave did to him. We fail to see that there is something more morally significant than our personal lives. Interesting how the cover shows Solomon running when he never tried to run. Many of us know the stories of slaves who ran, escaped, rebelled, and refused to participate. Why did McQueen choose this story of a slave whose spirit no one had to break because it was already broken. Maybe it is more representative of the contemporary spirit of acquiescence.Have ye leisure, comfort, calm, Shelter, food, love's gentle balm? Or what is it ye buy so dear With your pain and with your fear? The seed ye sow, another reaps; The wealth ye find, another keeps; The robes ye weave, another wears; The arms ye forge, another bears. --Percy Shelley
평점: 10	리뷰: so incredible.... the trailers don't do any justice to the film. it's so powerful lingering unconventional it presents so many variables to that system one might not consider. the situations they show linger and you get the full effect of them too. you really get the sense that it is based on an account. characters will appear and vanish. they will not have little arcs and get give the audience satisfaction. it just is what it is. nothing is edited to bits either. this film is the work of a genius!and about the musical selection, good lord. there are long bouts of silence and parts where it just freaks you out. it was really effective and hypnotizing. I was surprised to see Hans Zimmerman did the music. this is far beyond anything I've heard from him. Not the usual inception foghorns or military hum drum. also a great deal of real folksongs incorporated into it. I love when films incorporate the actually used folksongs. period pieces should be filled with music. when there were no modern devices people would sing!people can't say that this is unrealistic either as it's an actual account. glad McQueen brought it to the public eye and in such an untethered fashion. I'll probably watch this on repeat when it comes out. I'll have to check out McQueen's other films. haven't seen them yet for some reason
평점: 10	리뷰: chitchens fan  2 hours ago △ ▽ − Well, to begin, I cannot remember the last time I could not get up at the end of a movie. I literally could not rise up from my seat. My body felt as though it were being weighed down by something considerably larger and heavier than myself... History had it's way with me( I am an African American woman). Thank you Mr. McQueen, Mr. Ejiofor, Ms. Nyong'o, Ms. Paulson and others, and yes, even Mr. Fassbender. I am not a film critic nor a movie hobbyist, although I try to stay current, but what I am is a human being trying to understand the various problems and issues within our country. This movie is a potent reminder of why we are where we are as a society today. How man can be so unflinchingly cruel to his fellow man, especially if he looks, speaks or behaves differently, I will never understand.
평점: 9	리뷰: Like the whipping scenes we uncomfortably witness, in 12 Years a Slave the sting comes in the tail. The end titles tell us neither the slave pen manager nor Solomon Northup's kidnappers were punished. Solomon is saved, but that individual justice does not redefine the terrible system. Racism, slavery and savage injustice persist at film's end. Of course, the point is that even after the Civil War, the freeing of the slaves, the Civil Rights Movement and its legal and societal successes, racism and injustice persist. Hardly a major daily newspaper passes without a reminder, whether it's a regressive change in the voters' rights laws or a Florida bully justified in "standing his ground" against the unarmed black kid he hunted. 12 Years a Slave reminds us what contemporary America grew out of and where too much of its roots remain. McQueen's film deploys an uncompromising visceral violence that rejects the sentimentality and softened focus of American treatments of that period. There is such violence in the air that steamboat paddles churn up a riot of raucous white water and the boat's furnaces roar infernal. The Southern swamps have an eerie other-worldliness that sets up the ghosts of slavery past as a still haunting presence. Apparently it takes an outsider to cast such an unflinching eye on the subject. To his credit, the physical world and the language seem perfectly realized. No trace of the outsider there, but the work of a director steeped in his subject's world. Perhaps the only false note is producer Brad Pitt appearing as the Canadian who brings Northup salvation. His performance is fine but he can't stop registering as Brad Pitt, who gets to make the film's wisest and most humane and modern speeches. Whether his casting was his or McQueen's idea, it shivers the film's verisimilitude and seems self-congratulatory. Pitt brings Northup's story to the North as outside the narrative he helps bring it to the screen. But that is a minor cavil about a film that's courageous, brilliantly written, scored, directed and performed, and as important a statement to America and the world as we have seen this year. For more see www.yacowar.blogspot.com.
평점: 10	리뷰: Steve McQueen's first two features Hunger and Shame are both riveting and shocking films. Shame is my favorite Michael Fassbender performance and now his role as the deranged plantation owner Edwin Epps, in McQueen's brave and daring new film 12 Years A Slave, comes into a close second, but maybe upon multiple viewings, may slide into first. Solomon Northup (Chiwetel Ejiofor) was born a free man. While residing in Saratoga, New York with his wife and two kids, Solomon is drugged. When he awakes, Solomon finds himself chained to the floor, and from then on must fight to survive as he gets moved from plantation to plantation. Chiwetel Ejiofor gives one of the most honest, intense, heart-wrenching performances of the year. Ejiofor is in damn near every frame and he is nothing short of miraculous. Then for a few scenes we get the always eclectic Paul Giamatti, who handles his role so delicately, and respectively, you can tell that he approached it like a true master. Giamatti's performance is so menacing and hateful, that his character has become the most hated character on film in recent years for me. Benedict Cumberbatch is also on top of his game as William Ford, a baptist preacher who buys Solomon off of Giamatti's Theophilus Freeman. Paul Dano is fearless as the hot-headed John Tibeats. Dano has always been an interesting actor to watch, but his past two roles, Prisoners and now 12 Years A Slave are some of his finest work.Michael Fassbender's performance will have the hair on the back of your neck stand tall. It may be hard to watch a few scenes of his. If there ever was devil, it would be the character that Fassbender has embodied. Extremely strong work. Sarah Paulson gives an equally cruel, yet brilliant performance as Fassbender's demented wife.The startling beautiful Lupita Nyong'o shines in her first feature film. Nyong'o plays Patsey, a slave Solomon has befriended. Every scene of hers is a stab to the heart with the ignorant, immoral brutality that is thrust upon her. Brad Pitt and Alfre Woodard both give limited, but strong on screen presences and both have memorable scenes.Steve McQueen's directing has become almost flawless. 12 Years A Slave features some breath taking plantation imagery, while still showing the harsh conditions, hardships, and the blatant racism that these African-Americans faced. The pacing of the film is perfect, there is one lashing scene that is extremely detailed and will be hard to watch for most. There is one thing that my girlfriend pointed out to me, it was that they didn't show what Solomon's family went through, did they try and search for him? Did they presume he was dead? Those questions would have been nice, but ultimately thats just nit-picking and not what the story was about.McQueen will most certainly receive award nominations, along with Chiwetel Ejiofor and Michael Fassbender. 12 Years A Slave will not be a film for everyone, but I assure you if you give the film a chance, you will not be disappointed. This film has one of the best ensemble cast all year and all of its actors deliver masterful performances. I give 12 Years A Slave a 10 out of 10.
평점: 10	리뷰: 12 Years a Slave tells the true story of Solomon Northup, an educated and free black man living in New York during the 1840's who gets abducted, shipped to the south, and sold into slavery. It is a film that stimulates at both an emotional level and an intellectual one. Chiwetel Ejiofor plays Solomon Northup. He's been a "that guy" actor for sometime – film-goers may know his face but not his name. After this film his name will be known. He gives, quite simply, the best performance from a leading actor since Daniel Day Lewis in There Will Be Blood. Because of his character's position as a slave he is usually unable to speak his mind unless he is prepared to be beaten. As a result Ejiofor is forced to utilize body language and his eyes, which become enormous pools of emotion to express himself to the audience. He's forced to endure terrible things, but he always maintains a certain dignity and nobility that makes his plight even more affecting. It's a performance of incredible subtlety that may leave you speechless and in complete awe.Micheal Fassbender gives the best performance of his already extremely impressive career, even besting his previous high marks from the films Shame and Hunger (both directed by Steve McQueen, who also directed 12 Years a Slave). He plays Edwynn Epps, a vicious and demonic slaver and perhaps the most loathsome and disgusting character ever put on screen. If alive today, he'd likely be a drunk with severe anger management issues. By turns pathetic and terrifying, he embodies the ultimate nightmare of a deeply flawed man given absolute power over other human beings, and through that absolute power finds only madness, which drives him to deeper cruelty. He's always a menacing and malignant presence even when not on screen, as his slaves must always be aware and prepared for his seemingly random bouts of sadism. Other actors give excellent performances as well. Paul Giamatti, Paul Dano, Benedict Cumberbatch, Sarah Paulson, Alfre Woodard are all great in relatively small roles. But in this film of titans it's the one you've probably never heard of who perhaps stands above them all. In her first role in a feature film, Lupita Nyong'o, playing the pretty young slave Patsey - the object of Edwynn Epps demented and horrifying affections and the emotional epicenter of the entire picture, gives one of the most devastating performances I have ever seen. A portrait of unbearable sadness, her character is a mirror image of Solomon. While Solomon is a man who refuses to break and give up the dignity which he's known since birth, she is one who has long since been broken, and who never knew dignity in the first place. Her life is a living hell, forced to endure the "love" of Edwyn Epps and the brutal jealousy of his wife, she's trapped in a terrible triangle that she can't escape. Despite that, she retains a level of innocence that only heightens the tragedy of her character. It actually gets to the point where simply looking at this character might be enough to bring you to tears. It's a shattering performance.Starting his career as a video artist before making full length films, Steve McQueen has an uncanny eye for imagery and contrast. He's also a very patient film maker, utilizing long, steady single shots to emphasize various things. In his prior films this has felt like a purely stylistic choice, here, it's a choice aimed directly at our heart. When the events on screen become their most horrifying and ugly is when his camera becomes the most unflinching. At times feeling perhaps like we're seeing out of the solemn eyes of the ghost of some murdered slave, watching in sorrow and rage. This is both McQueen's most accessible and artistically searing film yet. There are also moments of stunning natural beauty that would make Terrence Malick proud. Alone, these shots would inspire wonder, but in the context of this film they make us feel more forlorn, as if the ugliness of man is encroaching on the natural beauty of the world.Perhaps the most noteworthy thing about 12 Years a Slave is the way that it portrays slavery itself. Instead of taking the easy way out and limiting his exploration of the topic solely to the slaves, Steve McQueen increases the scope and we see how it affects those who profited by it. Take Benedict Cumberbatch's character. A seemingly decent and caring man who treats his slaves with some semblance of respect and kindness. He comes off as a relatively good man who is trapped within the powerful confines of the institution of slavery. In 12 Years a Slave, slavery is shown as a horrifying and destructive social construct that drains the humanity from everyone it touches, turning good men into moral quandaries, turning flawed men into monsters, and turning an entire race of people into livestock and tools. To watch 12 Years a Slave is to be confronted with the grim reality of slavery in a way that's never been done before. To say this is the best film ever made about slavery feels trivial, as slavery is a subject in film that has been shown with naive romanticism from films like Gone With the Wind or silly exploitation from something like Django Unchained. Both of which serve to make the topic digestible. To watch 12 Years a Slave is to experience a level of despair and misery that can become overwhelming. It's a film of such ugliness, such blunt emotional trauma, that it may haunt you for hours if not days after seeing it. So why should you watch a film that could leave you reeling and devastated? Because, it's also one of the greatest cinematic achievements of our time.
평점: 5	리뷰: The best thing about 12 YEARS A SLAVE is Chiwetel Ejiofor as Solomon Northup, a free man from New York who was abducted and sold into slavery... With limitless potential, the African American actor deserves this starring role. The worst thing is he's mostly stuck providing reactions to other characters ranging from beaten slaves to formidable slavers.Director Steve McQueen (who should add a middle initial) might have been influenced by Spielberg's holocaust epic SCHINDLER'S LIST There is already a score of comparisons between both films. What's missing in 12 YEARS are the reasons and/or motivations for showing the atrocities other than being a true story about the infamous Antebellum South.In LIST, Ralph Fiennes's Goeth commits random acts of unfathomable violence that are not only examples of Nazi rule, but cause the protagonists to counterbalance in a mental game of cat and mouse. All Northup's left to do is witness the maniacal madness of Michael Fassbender's sexually-driven plantation owner after surviving over-the-top henchman played by Paul Dano and Paul Giamatti.While it's ultimately moving and historically significant, and Ejiofor does have moments to rise above the increasing and unceasing torment, Solomon Northup's 12-year sentence feels more like a single prolonged scene with various actors and locations than a multi-layered biopic for the audience to get completely lost in.
평점: 5	리뷰: Yes, various things have been said about 12 Years A Slave already, too many things that I probably don't need to say. This is a really brilliant film in pretty much all respects. It's straight-forward and to the point in a way so that mainstream audiences aren't alienated, but the directing, writing, and acting are all spectacular. Much praise has been given to Ejiofor, Fassbender, and Nyong'o, and all deserve it. But I haven't heard much about Sarah Paulson, who I thought was despicable and so, so cold in all the right ways that her character needed to be Just like Nyong'o, she should be up in contention for an Oscar nomination. This is recommended strongly
평점: 8	리뷰: A real life story of a man who was victim of the society of the times, a world where the color of your skin set you back in the eyes of many, and that allowed passions and injustice to rise to levels so dangerous, even those who knew right from wrong fear to speak up. Imagine what it must have felt for African Americans who were seen by many as the property of the rich, who had no rights, and who lived in constant fear of being killed, abused, or at least treated as a human being of the worst kind.A "free" man is somehow kidnapped and taken back to the South for profit. Once he is outside of the safe haven where he has lived all his life, he has no resources as no one will offer him help of any kind. Soon, the audience become witness to different degrees of torture, abuse, rape, and the mistreatment of this man. He loses his voice and the ability to defend himself for any sort of belligerence and rebellion will result in more unjust punishment.There are those masters who recognize the evil at the core of the whole concept of slavery, but money rules this world, and as long as these types of contract are produced, the humanity of the slaves disappears. If there is a way to lessen the level of disgrace is to transfer them into a similar type of hell; at least they won't be killed. Here is where the movie excels by presenting the different types of personalities who supported this society: from the coldhearted businessman who sees nothing but dollars to the tortured plantation owner who struggles with his position but does very little to end the situation. Then there is the indifferent types, and the conflicted simpletons who end up in positions of power and are subject to emotional conflicts and mood swings.The cast is universally top notch, with strong support in the technical areas to evoke an era that has not been gone for too long. We see the recreations of plantations, both inside and outside, the reenactment of atmospheres where lack of tolerance takes a secondary spot to humiliation of the worst type.You will have a front row seat to lashings and all sorts of unspeakable acts, of peeking at the soul of man in love with a slave and himself a slave of what society offers him: he's the master of his property and the slave of a world he doesn't understand but that he must serve.The film is a work of art that sometimes asks too much from its audience. It is not perfect but close to it; yet it might be its power that is overwhelming or just a strong reminder of what we are capable to creating, enduring, and that we must struggle to resist and conquer.
평점: 4	리뷰: I agree with the last reviewer; I thought the movie was slow and awkward in the flashbacks. It totally omitted any sense of the long years Solomon spent in slavery and how he reconciled himself to it. There was no surprise with the sadism and inhumanity; as far as I am concerned, moreover, it added nothing new to the already tragic picture of slavery in America. It would be more interesting to understand how humanity was able to deal with slavery and why it produced such extraordinary sadism in the white population. The lack of decency was finally resolved with the arrival of Brad Pitt; I found that casting troubling as well.
평점: 8	리뷰: Greetings again from the darkness. Should this be labeled a historical drama? Is it one man's extraordinary tale of strength and survival? Does this fall into the "art film" category that so divides the movie-going public? The answer to all is YES, and I would add that it's a masterfully crafted film with exquisite story telling, stunning photography and top notch acting throughout.The movie is based on the real life and writings of Solomon Northrup, a free man who was kidnapped and sold into slavery from 1841-53. Northrup's story provides us a look inside the despicable institution of slavery. Needless to say, it's a painful and sad process made even more emotional by the work of director Steve McQueen (Hunger, Shame). McQueen takes a very direct approach. Not much is left to the imagination. Torture, abuse, cruelty and misery take up the full screen. The only subtlety comes from the terrific work of Chiwetel Ejiofor as Northrup. His facial expressions and eyes are more powerful and telling than any lines of dialogue could be.You will not find many details from the movie here. This is one to experience for yourself. It lacks the typical Hollywood agenda when it comes to American history. Instead this era is presented through the eyes of a single wronged man and his quest to return to his wife and kids, no matter the inhumane obstacles. We see Paul Giamatti as an emotionless, all-business slave trader. Benedict Cumberbatch is a plantation owner who has a heart, but lacks business savvy. And finally we enter the world of cotton farmer Michael Fassbender, who twists Bible scripture into threats directed at the slaves - his "property".Fassbender dives deep into evil to find his character, and along with Ejiofor, Sarah Paulsen (who plays Fassbender's icy wife), and Lupita Nyong'o (who plays slave Patsey, the center of the two most incredible scenes in the film), provide more Oscar worthy performances than any one movie can expect. You will also note Quvenzhane Wallis (as Northrup's daughter) and Dwight Henry (as a slave) in their first appearances since Beasts of the Southern Wild. Other strong support comes from Scoot McNairy, Taran Killam (SNL), Michael K Williams, Alfre Woodward, a nasty Paul Dano, Garret Dillahunt and Adepero Oduye.Steven Spielberg gave us a taste of the holocaust with Schindler's List, but not since the TV mini-series "Roots" has any project come so close to examining the realities of slavery. Northrup's story seems to be from a different universe than the charming slaves of Gone with the Wind. I would argue that what makes this watchable (though very difficult) is the focus on Northrup's story. While tragic, his ending actually deflects from the ongoing plight of those not so fortunate. It's a story of a man who states he doesn't wish to merely survive, he wants to live a life worth living.McQueen's direction will certainly be front and center come awards season, as will many of the actors, John Ridley (the screenwriter), Sean Bobbitt (cinematographer) and Hans Zimmer (score). The only question is whether the subject matter is too tough for Oscar voters, who traditionally lean towards projects a bit more mainstream.
평점: 10	리뷰: This film is a beautifully crafted and harrowing tale. It is, to me, an important film for all white people to see (I am a white person myself). The emotions portrayed in this film are those that all white people should absorb, and then reflect on the fact that oppression is still a strong, ugly force in our lives. I have seen Solomon's expressions in the faces of the young, black men I have known. We do not live in a "post-racial" society. I strongly encourage people to watch this film and reflect on your white privilege. I cannot imagine what it would be like to see this as a black person, and my only dissatisfaction with this film is that our society requires the pain and distress of people of color to educate white people.
평점: 10	리뷰: As a southerner and lover of history, I know all about slavery and the trail of blood and tears it left on families throughout America. However, my knowledge of this history and the workings of slavery would not and did not prepare me for 12 Years a Slave. British director Steve McQueen placed me in a time capsule and introduced me to Solomon Northup (actor Chiwetel Ejiofor, pronounced CHOO-ih-tell EDGE-ee-o-for), a freeborn African American man who was kidnapped, transported to Louisiana and enslaved. Honestly, I felt as if I was in the antebellum South, picking cotton, being lashed, witnessing lynchings and praying that one day I'd be free...12 Years a Slave tells the true story of Northup while describing the very detailed and grueling atrocities he faced while a slave. Prior to his kidnapping, he was a well-off educated and talented husband and father in Sarasota Springs, NY who played the violin. But one incident would revoke him of his human rights, strip him of his birth name (renamed "Platt") and lead him to an auction house to be sold as cattle. However, as millions of other slaves, Northup would learn to adjust to the cruelties that he would face in the name of a God who condoned the enslavement and mistreatment of others.After viewing 12 Years a Slave, I was raw (emotionally and mentally) as I hadn't witnessed anything as riveting since Mel Gibson's Passion of the Christ. As I sat in the movie theater about nine years ago with closed and tear-filled eyes, listening as Jesus (actor Jim Caviezel) took lashing after lashing my heart ached. And then to be escorted to that place again by McQueen, let's just say that I'm fragile and raw but wiser. While it hurts to know that the country that I love allowed hatred to imprison generations of my ancestors, I'm wiser because I know that I must be the change I want to see. Hate has no place in this world and I'll always use my voice and keystrokes to advocate for those who are mistreated as a result of it.I applaud McQueen on his ability to pull moviegoers into Northup's world, not with sympathy but with a genuine respect for his ability to live in an unfamiliar world and not give up on his desire to see his family again. More so, Ejiofor's acting was mesmerizing as he pulled me into his world each time I gazed into his eyes.
평점: 6	리뷰: I saw "12 Years a Slave", starring Chiwetel Ejiofor-Salt, Serenity; Benedict Cumberbatch-Star Trek Into Darkness, War Horse; Michael Fassbender-Prometheus, Jonah Hex and Sarah Paulson-The Spirit, Serenity.This is based on a true story about a free black man in the 1850's-pre Civil War-that was kidnapped and sold into slavery. Chiwetel plays the man that lives in New York with his wife and two kids. He is abducted and taken to the deep south-Georgia, I think-where Benedict buys him at a slave auction. Chiwetel tries to explain his circumstances to anyone that will listen but nobody does and he is beaten into submission. After a disagreement with one of the 'Masters', Chiwetel is sold to Michael, who is not as kind as Benedict was. Sarah plays Michael's wife and she is not nice to the slaves, either. Besides beating his slaves, one of Michael's favorite pastimes is that he likes to have sexual relations with his female slaves. Which is one of the reasons Sarah is not nice to the slaves-she knows what Michael does. Anyone familiar with that period of time knows that is was not a good time to be a black person. The punishment slaves endured was usually a whip across the back, and not just a few lashes, either-some got 50 or more. Another punishment involved throwing a rope over a tree, with one end tied around the black person's neck. Some of the torture scenes were uncomfortable to watch, but I'm sure that that was the point. The acting was good, I can see some names popping up around Oscar time, and there are a few cameo actors that show up. It's rated "R" for violence, language and sexual situations-including nudity-and has a running time of 2 hours & 14 minutes. It's not one that I would buy on DVD-once was enough-but it would be a good rental.
평점: 6	리뷰: "The aim of art, the aim of a life can only be to increase the sum of freedom and responsibility to be found in every man and in the world." Albert CamusNo other film about slavery need be seen once you have witnessed the unforgettable 12 Years a Slave, directed by Steve McQueen with horror and grace. This adaptation, based on Solomon Northrup's Twelve Years a Slave, seems to perfectly translate the suffering and eventual triumph of African Americans in the antebellum South. Chiwetel Ejiofor as kidnapped and enslaved freeman Northrup should be Oscar nominated as well as the film and other supporting actors.As Northrup endures a thousand indignities and brutal torture in his twelve years of being kidnapped, director McQueen, with the invaluable support of lenser Sean Bobbitt's lush landscapes and writer John Ridley's ear for the telling comment, never takes the torture over the top, as Mel Gibson did in The Passion of the Christ. Northrup dangling at the end of a noose for hours with only his toes between him and eternity is more harrowing than anything Gibson dreamed up. That Solomon hanging sequence can be matched only by slave Patsey's (an impressive Lupita Nyong'o) whipping in an extended scene of at least 10 unbroken minutes.Although each set piece may have an overt message, e.g., Brad Pitt's Bass has a scene with Solomon that illuminates an enlightened Northerner's stand against slavery, the film concentrates on the personalities as well as the issues. As interesting as Solomon is representing a race wronged, Epps (Michael Fassbender), the cruel estate and slave owner, well embodies the flawed principle of ownership that drove the South's economy and its emerging loss of the slavery franchise. While Epps' misanthropy is evident, less obvious but just as vicious is his wife's (Sarah Paulson), whose Mandingo-like jealousy of her husband over his attention to slave Patsey impels her to seek an unseemly revenge on the young woman.In contrast to Bass's humanity, this couple takes the honors for horror duo of the year in one of the best films of 2013."I don't want to survive." "I want to live!" Solomon Northrup
평점: 10	리뷰: "12 years a Slave" is quite possibly the greatest horror film ever made. Somewhat in the same vain as a Hitchcock masterpiece where an innocent main gets kidnapped and abducted then the plot thickens. But in this case he is thrown into slavery. Once the story arch arrives at him being and realizing he is a slave it quickly becomes a series of events of immense suffering. Beatings, hangings, rape and intense psychological torment all follow. But it's not just torture porn. All scenes with excruciating pain are framed with an almost nihilistic and dispassionate eye. The suspense arrives when you begin to anticipate the next agonizing act. McQueen's direction has scary continuous long shots that depict the harsh reality of American slavery. There is one long shot of a possible hanging that left me in a dark trance. The movie's sonic landscape is full of atmospheric drones, violins, and old Negro spirituals. The acting is impeccable. The pacing is brilliant, you feel the deep weight of time. All aspects lead toward creating an immovable sense of dread.With Hunger(harrowing depiction of the Bobby Sands hunger strike), Shame (disturbing depiction of a sex addict), and 12 Years A slave(depiction of slavery). Steve McQueen has become a post modern horror film savior.
평점: 10	리뷰: Do we really need a movie like this one to finally find out that slavery is brutal ?Like we need a movie showing the sun rising in the East to realize that the sun rises in the East ?OF COURSE slavery IS brutal, cruel, inhuman. Of course it HAS raping, beating, torturing, yelling, as well as angering, crying, weeping, begging for mercy.Acting is good ? Nothing else is easier than pretending to be cruel, angry. Not that I can't stomach scenes depicting cruelty, but I found the cruelty in this movie redundant.
평점: 10	리뷰: Solomon Northup (Chiwetel Ejiofor) is a free black man living in upstate New York with his wife and two kids in 1841. Solomon is tricked by two slave catchers, named Brown (Scoot McNairy) and Hamilton, (Teran Killam) who tell Solomon they are with the circus, but really ply him with liquor and sell him into slavery to the plantation of Ford, (Benedict Cumberbatch) who also buys a slave woman named Eliza (Adepero Oduye), but Ford cannot buy Eliza's kids. Ford is a relatively good hearted person, but that does not spare Solomon from cruel treatment from one of the field bosses named Tibeats (Paul Dano) who tries to hang Solomon and leaves him hanging there until Ford cuts him down. If things are not bad enough with Ford, Solomon, now given the name Platt, is sent to the cruel and sadistic slave owner Edwin Epps. (Michael Fassbender) Epps thinks of his slaves as his property, and will do anything to bend their actions to his will; Epps literally wants them to dance when he plays a tune. Epps does not like Platt, and makes it his job to break him. Epps does have a fondness for Patsey (Lupita Nyong'o) and Mrs. Epps (Sarah Paulson) sees how much attention Patsey is getting from her husband, she shows her displeasure by throwing a whiskey decanter at her head. When Mr. Epps sees Solomon talking to Patsey, he whips Solomon and tells Patsey to stay away from him. When Patsey goes to another plantation for a bar of soap, Epps orders Solomon to whip her, and then viciously whips Patsey himself. Patsey is also repeatedly raped by Mr. Epps, and she can take no more.Patsey begs Solomon to kill her, he steadfastly refuses. Instead Solomon a man named Armsby (Garrett Dillhunt) a man on Epps plantation, who seems to be sympathetic to Solomon's plight, to deliver a letter to some abolitionists up North, who know that Solomon is a free man. Instead Armsby tells Epps of Solomon's plan, and Epps burns the letter. Later, a Canadian named Samuel Bass (Brad Pitt) shows up to Epps' plantation and Solomon asks Bass to deliver a similar letter to the one that he asked Armsby to deliver. Does Bass do it? Or does he doublecross Solomon, as Armsby had done? This is a brutally violent movie, but it is also brutally honest. I usually don't care for historical dramas about slavery or segregation from Hollywood, because they tend to change the history to fit whatever end they're trying to put forth, or they try to sugarcoat the experience of slavery or segregation in some kind of revisionist feel- good way. If you don't know what I mean, please see The Help. I know the character of Solomon Northup existed because he published a biography contemporaneously to his kidnapping, and this movie does not sugarcoat his life.The writing by John Ridley is poignant and heartbreaking. Even when Solomon is not being whipped or beaten, the fear of slavery and its attendant pain follows him around like a constant shadow. He bears the pain of Eliza, who weeps constantly at the loss of her children, he is asked by Patsey to kill her, she prefers death to being even a favored slave. Solomon sees hangings of runaway slaves all too routinely. The stories of Solomon, Eliza and Patsey are intertwined and so the viewer,not only cares about Solomon, but the ladies as well.The direction by Steve McQueen is truly noteworthy. Almost from the first scene the film envelops the viewer. In that first scene the camera is at eye level and wading through the sugar cane fields of Louisiana. To illustrate the voyage down South McQueen focuses on the paddle wheel of the riverboat, and when the wheel fills the whole screen, the scene is over. That is captivating camera work. There is one scene that stood out in the movie, however. When Solomon is hanging on the tree, put there by Tibbeats, the other slaves go on with their business, seemingly oblivious to the man literally hanging in their midst, until one slave woman gives him a glass of water and meekly scurries away. They are so afraid of the master's retribution that they dare not cut Solomon down. And McQueen lets that scene play out for an excruciatingly long time. That is great filmmaking. If you don't know this Steve McQueen, watch Hunger, about the hunger strike initiated by Bobby Sands in Northern Ireland.The acting is top notch. Fassbender is a raving dog one minute, and calmly ordering everyone to dance the next, he knows he can make these slaves do anything, they are toys to him, puppets. It is that controlled rage that makes his performance so interesting to watch, he will be nominated for Best Actor, Chiwetel Egiofor gives a stunning performance as Solomon, he can hardly believe what happened to him, and now he's got to outwit his masters and stay alive, at a time when his life was worth nothing more than the amount of cotton he can pick. He should be nominated for Best Actor as well. The women in this film are phenomenal as well Adepero Oduye is outstanding as Eliza, she conveys the pain of separation from her two children about as well as anyone I've seen. Lupita Nyong'o gives a heart-stopping performance as Patsey, this is her debut film. And Sarah Paulson is also outstanding as the stern, domineering Mistress Epps. All three of them deserve nominations. Paul Dano and Paul Giamatti are also very good, the only laggard in the bunch is Brad Pitt, who plays a boring character in a predictable way. Mr. Pitt, I appreciate the money you put forth and the skill you used to get this movie made, but please resist the temptation of casting yourself in the movies you produce.For more epic reviews, visit my blog: reviewswithatude.wordpress.com
평점: 9	리뷰: The slavery of blacks in the US is one of the darkest periods of the history of the country. And yet, it's easy to forget that it not only is such an ingrained part of US history, one that helped build it's foundations, but a piece of history that lasted a long period of time. In fact, the issue is less than 200 years old, and according to history, that's not a long time. So, a film like 12 Years is a deep reminder of not only how far we have come along, but of who we once were and who we can yet again become. Based on the true story of Solomon Northup, we follow the man from the time he is kidnapped and forced into slavery. Based on the book of the same name, written by Northup himself, it's clear where the film eventually goes, but the journey is like little else in film that has dealt with the subject. No doubt this film will get much comparison to Tarantino's Django, which also dared to show slavery in a gloves off kind of way, but this is a film that deals with slavery in a much less entertaining or satisfactory fashion. Rather, the film is brutal and does not shy away from being ugly and emotionally charged. And while we may be quick to jump on this as being obvious and typical, it is anything but.Northup's story is unique enough as it is. He's one of a few kidnapped, freed slaves to ever regain freedom, but he also manages to give a personal account. As Northup, Chiwetel Ejiofor is excellent. He handles the character with a great deal of emotional layer and considering the brutal and realistic nature of the film, it's hard to imagine many who could take on such a brave role. But even beyond this being just another film about slavery, McQueen goes the extra length to depict the film in such a fashion that we are almost forced to feel something. There's a scene about halfway through in which Northup is left roped up with only his tiptoes to keep him from hanging. During this scene, McQueen carries the image in a single shot for several minutes, what seems to stretch into an eternity, during which everything around Northup all but ignores him. Slaves go about their day, while the slave drivers don't budge an inch to help. As Ejiofor is obviously not choking here in real life, it is to his credit that we are convinced he is suffering for such an extended period of time. And the rest of the performance carries on as such.The other performers are also quite good, but a number of them are relegated to small appearances. Paul Giamatti, Benedict Cumberbacth, Paul Dano, and Brad Pitt all make brief appearances and are all excellent in their roles, but they are still brief and mostly one dimensional. Nothing new to a film about slavery. McQueen, however, manages to pump up the tension and emotion in the scenes by giving us an unfiltered look at slavery here. No punches are pulled. However, the runaway performance, by far, with the exception of Ejiofor, is Michael Fassbender, who plays Edwin Epps, a plantation owner who makes no qualms about driving his slaves and punishing them. He's cruel, and Fassbender truly makes him a monster of a man. Fassbender has gone on record for not wanting to push an Oscar nomination, and it's no wonder. Fassbender's Epps could be considered one of the great villains of the year for being such a despicable human being, but the fact that he is played to reality, as opposed to DiCaprio's more cartoonish Calvin Candy, makes him all the more frightening. When he engages with his slaves, you genuinely fear for their safety, and even their life. Another star here is the cinematography. There are some truly beautiful shots here, which can only help to remind you of just how ugly the topic of the film is. I did talk a bit about the long shots here before, but to elaborate, there are moments when the camera is content to focus on something. The film certainly doesn't come off as speeding along, and it lends to being thoughtful, even in just focusing on the emotional state of the characters. There is an interesting shot that focuses on Northup's emotionally drained face, and you grasp a lot in that single shot. All in one, we witness a man who is driven by deep sorrow and pain, and yet he has had his hope and spirit driven from him. Though it's evident he wants to cry, it's almost as if he has been completely defeated. 12 Years truly is the film people say it is and may very well be one of the most important films on slavery ever created. It's depiction is raw and unflinching and there is little choice but to confront the ugliest humanity has to offer. Not an easy film to watch, nor entertaining, it is none the less important and well made. Worth watching simply for it's powerful performances and take on the subject at hand.
평점: 10	리뷰: 12 YEARS A SLAVE (2013) **** Chiwetel Ejiofor, Michael Fassbender, Benedict Cumberbatch, Lupita Nyong'o, Sarah Paulson, Paul Dano, Paul Giamatti, Alfre Woodard, Brad Pitt, Garrett Dillahunt, Michael K. Williams,  Kelsey Scott, Quvenzhane Wallis, Cameron Zeigler, Scoot McNairy, Christopher Berry, Bill Camp, Devyn A. Tyler, Willo Jean-Baptiste. Remarkable true- life account of slavery in America based on the biography of freeman African-American Solomon Northup (Ejiofor in an incredible performance that is truly Oscar-worthy), who is tricked and abducted while on a trip from New York to Washington and sold into slavery against his will where he burdens many hardships in his long journey into hell. John Ridley's powerful adaptation of Northup's book is a surprisingly clear-eyed, warts-and-all blinding depiction of how history can be a personal gauntlet in spite of the tremendous odds against surviving. Filmmaker Steve McQueen uses all the archetypes of the Southern 'hospitality' usually seen in the genre of a Civil War treatise but doesn't flinch at all in the underpinnings of what is a true blight of humanity. Equally powerful in their acting (and award noticing) are Fassbender as Solomon's cruelest master with nothing but pure hatred broiling at the surface and a heartbreaking stoic turn by newcomer Nyong'o as the 'personal' slave he terrorizes to no end. One of the year's very best films.
평점: 10	리뷰: 12 Years a Slave is the third and most important of three major films this year about the history of the African American experience. First came 42, a warm, smooth, and compelling story of the great Jackie Robinson's integration of baseball. Next came The Butler, a history of two sides of post-WW2 the civil rights movement wrapped up in about two hours. I also found this movie quite good.But nothing can compare to the stark, clear-eyed, difficult-to-watch but extremely rewarding film that Steve McQueen has put before us in 12 Years a Slave. And it took 3 Brits - McQueen, Michael Fassbender and the extraordinary Chiwetel Ejiofer - to do it.12 Years a Slave is not fun to watch. Unlike other movies, even great ones like Schindler's List, it pulls no punches along the way. All the violence done to slaves is here, in graphic form. It's not on screen for just an instant, but lingers as we are forced to watch. It is so well-done that it feels like the truth.Ejiofer ("Chewy," my wife and I call him) has been one of my favorite actors since Dirty Pretty Things a decade ago. But other than a great star turn as drag queen Lola in Kinky Boots, he hadn't gotten the roles he deserves, playing cops on TV, sidekicks, and the like. No more.Ejiofer is in virtually every scene. Closeups of his face seem to last minutes at a time. Solomon is a role destined for Oscar consideration, but "Chewy" goes as deep in his performance as McQueen has in his realization. Great performances, and a great movie. Just make sure you're ready before you see it.
평점: 10	리뷰: David Denby says this is easily the greatest feature film ever made about slavery. HIgh praise, and it deserves more. This is easily one of the greatest feature films ever made, period. It is brilliant storytelling without the hand-holding musical cues and editing tricks that trigger the viewer's emotional responses. Scenes play themselves out in a painterly way, letting the moviegoer's gaze take hold. The viewer enters this film in a way few if any contemporary films allow. You are there. And there, the deep South, was an evil place. Where does evil reside? In a time when many feel we've lost our moral compass comes a film that can serve as a compass. I wonder where this film will lead us?
평점: 8	리뷰: Beautifully acted, casting occasionally surprising and a horrifying story. The story of a northern businessman kidnapped. His family could have been mine; it could have been his children, my children. It is no surprise that this movie did not come out of an American director but an English Grenadian born if that is correct. Solomon is the main character played by Chiwetel Ejiofor. He feels so real as do the people around him. Accomplished, educated and talented, he is prime pickings for the slave trade. How could this happen in America to Americans? The movie has to cover a lot of time and events and the viewer could feel some of the short cuts but it came as a relief to me. I almost walked out early on as it was too painful. I wish I were better at reviewing. Sorry I could not give you a more intelligent review. Plan on time to sit down, have a meal and talk about this movie afterward. It will take decompression time. Do you have the guts to see it?
평점: 10	리뷰: What can I say about this film that has not been said already? Yes, it is hard-hitting, heartbreaking, and devastatingly real. If you come out of the theater with a dry eye or a gut that has not been punched, may I suggest therapy? "12 Years a Slave" is an unflinching look at one man's struggle with the semi-life given to him unfairly.Based on the book of the same name, Solomon Northup (Chiwetel Ejiofor) is a free man of color in Upstate New York, which means he was not born a slave. Although, he is mildly aware of the slave economy system, freedom is what he knows. He has a loving family of a wife and two children, and he has a mastery of the violin, which he is admired for locally. He is respected, and in turn, he respects. However, under the guise of working in a circus with two charlatans, he is kidnapped into a world that he only knew for afar.Landing in Washington, D.C., Northup is thrust into slavery preparation. He is stripped of his clothing and his liberties via severe beatings, paltry food, and tattered clothing. He meets individuals aware of their situation; yet, he refuses to assuage the naive possibility of regaining his freedom immediately.Once in Louisiana, his name is changed to Platt - just Platt. He is told that he is a runaway slave from Georgia. His personally narrative has been erased illegally. From the slave marketplace, as though humans were cars or horses, he is purchased by William Ford (Benedict Cumberbatch), a man deemed as "good". In truth, everyone involved in the slave trade had murky characters. However, to call slavers good, is a big stretch. Ford is called a "good" man because he does not believe in whipping or torturing his slaves; although, he employs unknowingly those that do believe in such mistreatment. Master Ford is wounded morally by his participation (including his agreement in separating a mother from her children) as it takes its toll on him.After a major event on Ford's plantation, "Platt" finds himself sold to Edwin Epps (Michael Fassbender), a man of evil fortitude. Epps is a morally corrupt man that enjoys "nigger breaking" and other means of cruelty. He is renown for his character. Out of the frying pan and into the fire goes "Platt". It doesn't take long to see why Epps has earned his infamy. In his corner is his wife, Mary (Sarah Paulson). She is close to matching the cruelty of her husband, fueled by the jealousy of her husband's obsession with Patsy, a young slave woman, on the plantation. Unlike "Platt", Patsy's resilience is next to nothing. She is raped, overworked, and, in a fateful scene, whipped to an inch of her life.Throughout his years at Epps plantation, he sees continuously the various means of survival in this cruel system. He meets Mrs. Shaw (Alfre Woodard), a former slave turned companion for Mr. Shaw, a slaver. Their arrangement is a rare one. She ignores his amorous advances toward slave women, and in turn, she never feels the hard work of the plantation again.Through a chance meeting with a Canadian carpenter, Bass (Brad Pitt), "Platt" becomes Solomon Northup and regains his freedom, while returning to his life and a new path into abolition.As a viewer, I was gut punched. I shed tears. I could not turn away without feeling an inch of the devastation that the slave economy brought to the United States. It's one of America's unforgiven sins, and to see it on scene without the sugarcoating and far easier portrayals of past movies exploring slavery, is one that should be experienced.There are some detractors that do not want to see the film succeeded because they prefer the past left alone. However, director Steve McQueen and writer John Ridley takes us on an uncomfortable journey that is required to see how the past has not been forgotten, but continues to shape our present and, hopefully, not our future.Go see it.
평점: 9	리뷰: Directed by Steve McQueen and staring Chiwetel Ejiofor, Michael Fassbender, Benedict CUmberbatch, newcomer Lupita Nyong'o, and a ton of other stars, '12 Years a Slave' is based on the memoir of Solomon Northup, a freeman who was living in Saratoga, NY before being tricked, drugged, and sold into slavery in the south.McQueen is an auteur known for his honest and brutal direction, and he keeps filming when others would shut the camera off or look away. While making the picture that much more difficult to sit through, his steadfastness greatly elevates the emotional impact of the film. It's a must-see, if only for educational purposes—just as 'Schindler's List' is used to teach about the Holocaust and 'Milk' about the struggle for gay rights. I'm not trying to compare the events depicted in this film with the events depicted in those I just mentioned, all I'm saying is that they are all equally important in portraying the reality of their respective situations. There is a moment in '12 Years a Slave' when, as a form of punishment, Northup is hanged by his neck, the tips of his toes just able to reach the ground below him. The camera stays on him for a few minutes. It is silent, and all you can do is listen to him struggling for breath. This is one of the more disturbing moments in the film, but not the worst. Eventually, Northup is sold to Edwin Epps, a short-tempered and impulsive plantation owner portrayed by Michael Fassbender. He is by far the most villainous and terrifying character in the film, and Fassbender brilliantly captures his mood swings and tempestuous personality. It is Chiwetel Ejiofor, however, who steals the show. He brings so much life to Northup, and completely disappears into his characters. He is able to depict so many deep levels of emotion, while also bringing dignity to a man who was unwilling to let anyone take away his will to "live" rather than just "survive." Additionally, Lupita Nyong'o, in her first big film role, is mesmerizing as Patsey, and hardworking and desperate woman, and the object of her master Epps's attention. She is hated by Epps's wife—masterfully played by Sarah Paulson— and most of the more dramatic moments in the film revolve around her character's tragic story. If I have one complaint, it's that 12 years do not seem to pass by at all, mainly because none of the characters substantially age. Also, Brad Pitt is thrown in for ten minutes to depict a kind-hearted abolitionist, and while he does a good job, it just feels like Brad Pitt on a slave plantation, which is totally out of place. Regardless, while the film may be harrowing and difficult to sit through, it is simply brilliant all the way through, and by far the most honest depiction of slavery that I've ever seen.
평점: 10	리뷰: I have been a huge fan of Steve McQueen ever since I saw 'Hunger'. And I was even more impressed with 'Shame'. And because of those two films I was really excited to see '12 Years A Slave'. And the film did more than fulfill my expectations.McQueen, in an interview, stated that the film was about "love", which might be hard to see in a film about slavery. But within the first series of shots this concept is evident and is a credit to McQueen's artistry. The first time I recognized this was when Solomon was sleeping and another female slave grabs him and forces him to touch her. The camera is still and shows them facing horizontally, surrounded by other slaves and in the darkness, showing us that this is off. Something is wrong. But then it cuts to Solomon and his wife, in bed, sleeping vertically with the sun, showing us that this is right. Another shot that the previous shot, with Solomon and the slave, correspond to is the shot of Master Epps raping Patsy further instilling in the audience that what Master Epps is doing is wrong. I mean, it's obvious that what Master Epps is doing is wrong, but I love the connections that this film makes.Now, the long takes. The first long take is when Solomon is beaten in the jail. Which was so agonizing. I was eating popcorn watching it and I was about to eat one piece of popcorn I had to stop during that scene, because I was so in the moment. Two other long takes, that I liked was when Solomon was hanging from the tree and was struggling to stay on his toes as the other slaves feared approaching him, and your watching his struggle. And the other long take was during the end when Master Epps whips Patsy and forces Solomon to whip Patsy, and you feel her pain. And as a filmmaker, more like an up-and-coming filmmaker, I love the long take, because to me cuts take away from the reality of the scene. And the reason why I say this is when we look at the world our vision of the world doesn't cut. And the long take, to me, captures the entire picture of the scene as you would in the real world.The last thing I want to touch on is McQueen's small personal techniques. And he has done this in previous films. In 'Hunger' it was the bee and the floating feather. In 'Shame' it was when Brandon cries during Sissy's 'New York New York'. These little gems simply create the human connections in the film, without very little effort. And in '12 Years A Slave', this is very evident. And two instances stand out, just like in 'Hunger' and in 'Shame'. The first instance is when Solomon is forced to burn a letter that he wishes to send to his family, so he can be saved and you watch the letter slowly burn in the darkness, it cuts to Solomon in pain, and then back to the letter as you see the flames, lighting up the darkness, slowly vanish. The other gem was when Solomon had given up, or it felt like he had given up and the slaves are singing 'Roll Jordan Roll', and the camera is locked on Solomon's face and we slowly see him come to singing with the group and getting his faith back.'12 Years A Slave' is a masterpiece. Plain and simple. And a film for everyone to see and for filmmakers to learn from. Thank you Steve McQueen.
평점: 10	리뷰: This weekend I had the grim opportunity to see "12 Years a Slave" based on the true story and written work of a free African, Solomon Northup, in 1841. Northup, a great African American violinist and musical talent living as a freeman in the north, gets apprehended by thugs and sent back into slavery in the 1841 south. If one sees that film, which I HIGHLY encourage, and really understands it one will be guaranteed a true perspective on the etiology of our nation's historical white racist albatross. The old Confederacy is dead BUT the white Tea Bag Republican Party is determined to keep its malevolent heart beating and the major Republican Party is more than willing to use these know nothing Tea Baggers to attain power for the rich who so desperately want it.If one sees this film one will know why, if you do not already, our first African American president is disrespected and pilloried attempting to crush everything he proposes whether his nomination of judges or of his signature legislation the Affordable Healthcare Act by those who wave the Confederate flag proudly and those rich white men within the Republican Party echelons of power who allow these malevolent malcontents within their ranks to exist undeterred.This film is a window into the American soul. The nation armed with its document of freedom and egalitarian treatment for all can reduce this precious document to refuse. It is impossible to understand how African Americans could even survive the onslaught of a system that degraded and reduced their status to beasts of burden; property that whites could kill or use at will. One sees, through this film, man's inhumanity to man EVEN in a country which purports to know better. The hypocrisy is endless and the cruelty of white masters toward their black property knows no boundaries.It mattered not whether one was a black man or a black woman as each were treated with unfathomable cruelty in his/her own uniquely vulnerable way. Both sexes endured the lash but the female had to endure the lash and the humiliation of loveless, brutal and savage rape by her white master and could do not a thing about it. It can be said and Todd Aiken who made the preposterous statement that a woman can shut down a pregnancy if she is raped that unequivocally biology knows no difference between impregnation by love or by rape as the many light-skinned blacks of that era could attest. This is what it is like when men because of who they are have no rights and where other men can lord over them, strip them of rights, strip them of the vote and strip them of the humanity of human dignity based solely on who they were born.The film has great relevance to our day. Republican whites, as in the era of Jim Crow, try their best to deny, by any means necessary, the vote to those blacks and others who would attempt to vote those into office who would have their interests at heart.This film instructs us today NOT to let racists within our ranks gain traction and win electorally through rancid policy that which they could not win through a Civil War that crushed them two centuries ago. The Old Confederacy has morphed into a new and ugly monster that will rise again ONLY if we of egalitarian principle let it. WE WILL NOT LET IT RISE AGAIN NOT THIS TIME and take us back as they did Solomon Nothrup to the bestial era of the 1841 south. They must be roundly defeated not only for persons of color but for all of us including women whose power WILL be nullified by right wing extremists who have only hate and religious dogma in their hearts. They will take us back to the 19th century and even, as one Nevada know nothing legislator said, vote to take us back to slavery if the public wants it. According to the Las Vegas Sun, Jim Wheeler of Gardnerville, NV was speaking to the Storey County Republican Party when he made the remarks. That remark says it all as does the remark in the film of Brad Pitt abolitionist white plantation worker when he says of the corrupt and bestial slave system: "Thou devil, sooner or later, somewhere in the course of eternal justice, thou shalt answer for this sin!'" And so they have but, in my opinion, not nearly enough!
평점: 6	리뷰: The director promised authenticity, but he didn't deliver it. I have seen slavery movies again and again and this one has to be the most inauthentic one ever. The acting was inauthentic. Ejiofor disappointed me. I have seen great actors acting a role and I have to say, Ejiofor doesn't even come close.***SPOILER***The scene when he finds himself in shackles: he couldn't act like he was actually a captured individual, about to be sold into slavery. This guy looked like a 2013 man paid to pretend to be a captured slave. That's not authenticity.Also, why was he made to appear as if he was a passive observer in his story? What's up with that McQueen? He looked like he was just standing by while things went on with other people. Go home and watch There Will Be Blood and tell me if Daniel Day-Lewis' character was a passive observer. Also, was there any character study done? Because if they say there was, I wouldn't believe it. Watching it, I could tell it was a movie. Good movies look so real that you can't tell it's a movie. Perfect example of a slave movie that looks real, Goodbye Uncle Tom. Go watch it now and compare it to 12 Years a Slave. Hell, even watch Django Unchained and compare it to this one and you'll say Django is better.Which brings me to white people. White people probably gave this movie great reviews because it was so tame. I bet when they heard that another slavery movie was being released, they shook in their seats at huffington post or san francisco chronicle. I bet they thought this movie was going to expose all the wrongs of slavery in a way that makes Django Unchained look like Mickey Mouse. Well, it didn't.All the bad things about slavery are hidden in this movie. **Spoiler** The rape scene looks more like a sex scene. The hanged people are unseen. And torture is so weak. True, they show whippings, but that was the least of it during slavery. They hid too much from us in this movie and that's why white people loved such a mediocre movie.If you like a nice, tame movie which doesn't even put the main character at the forefront of the plot, you'll love 12 Years a Slave. If you're a movie enthusiast who loves a deep, emotionally challenging picture like Boys Don't Cry or Monster or more recently Fruitvale Station, then you'll hate this movie.
평점: 10	리뷰: This movie provides a candid and dramatically powerful depiction of the institution of slavery in the United States. This movie touches on and in some ways dives into the many different themes associated with the institution. First, the movie shows how it corrupted everyone involved in it. No matter what their involvement, the institution brought everyone down. Second, the movie dramatizes the political consequences of slavery, how slavery exacerbated sectional conflicts and distorted political discourse. Third, the movie dramatizes the deleterious psychological effects of slavery. Unwilling to come to honestly come to terms with the nature of the institution, the movie shows how slave owner rationalized their own conduct toward the slaves, with devastatingly tragic consequences. Fourth, the movie dramatizes the failure of the United States to follow its own creed of liberty and justice by showing how free blacks were denied the full protection of the law. Fifth, this movie dramatizes the essential barbarism and degeneracy of slavery in the way it brought out and validated the worst in people. Sixth, the movie shows how slavery was a form of state-sponsored vigilantism in the way an entire class of people were subject to the full weight of the state with absolutely no protection. Seventh, the movie pulls no punches in showing the brutality of the institution, e.g., graphic depictions of beatings, whippings, fighting, psychological torture, humiliation, dehumanization, inadequate food, clothing, shelter, and terrorism - all happening under the color of law. Eighth, movie dramatized how by 1841 there was those who already realized that the United States was heading toward a civil war. Ninth, the movie shows how economic self-interest drove slavery, that slavery was profitable. Tenth, the movie dramatizes the failure of the religious community to take action to end slavery and instead used scripture to justify slavery's existence. This movie features many excellent performances, most notably by Michael Fassbinder and Brad Pitt, the latter giving one of his better performances. As for Fassbinder, his performance warrants an Academy Award nomination for Best Actor. His portrayal of the angry, troubled, vicious slave owner who is deteriorating physically, mentally and spiritually carries this movie. This movie is worth watching. Don't expect an upbeat story, because it isn't. But do expect a powerful dramatic treatment of an unpleasant yet historically important subject.
평점: 10	리뷰: 12 Years A Slave is about a free black man named Solomon Northup, from upstate New York, who gets kidnapped and sold into slavery. The film follows the mans journey to survive and get back his freedom.I haven't seen a film quite like this before. It's one that doesn't let back on the cruelty and torture that was brought upon slaves in the 1800′s. It's wasn't comfortable to watch at times, but that was the point. You aren't supposed to think slavery is a light topic. 12 Years A Slave is a film that will bring tears to your eyes. They aren't treated this way, but most of these slaves are innocent. Families torn apart to serve others and who get tortured when something wasn't done right or they look at their superiors the wrong way..The performances were breathtaking. Chiwetel Ejiofor was just brilliant as Solomon Northup, a man who is fighting to survive and get back to his family. You can feel the mans heartbreak and fear just by his facial expressions. That's what makes a fantastic actor. Michael Fassbender, who plays a cruel plantation owner, was also very good. There wasn't a moment where you didn't hate him. Newcomer Lupita Nyong'o was also fantastic and Brad Pitt made his 5 minutes of screen time as powerful and meaningful as he could. He played a Canadian Carpenter who felt strongly about the topic of slavery, and who gives a great speech about his feelings late in the film. Pitt plays the more sensible type in the film, and his performance will bring you to tears when you feel a sense of relief knowing there's a character with a heart like his.Hans Zimmer has to be one of my favourite composers. His music can break your heart, get your adrenaline pumping or keep you smiling. His music added to the heartbreak of the film. When tears are rolling down your eyes, it's hard to stop from crying out loud when his score comes on. I don't usually comment on a soundtrack, but Hans Zimmer was a fantastic choice for this film.The film length is perfect. I understand people can't sit through a 2 hour and 20 minute film, but with a film like this, it's great because of the impact the runtime has. You get to feel and see the pain that the slaves have. Needless to say, this film has taught me a lot about history, and how to treat people. To people who are looking for a light fun film, than 12 Years A Slave is not for you. Don't walk on thinking this is going to be all light and fluffy, because I can assure you, it's not for the light hearted. Slaves are being tortured and mistreated in the most brutal ways and you sometimes have to turn away or cover your eyes, but as I said, that's the impact the film is supposed to have on you.Needless to say, I loved 12 Years A Slave. It was a film that is great for a History class to go and watch. It's a great topic of conversation and will make us think twice about the way we treat people. 12 Years A Slave is the film of the year, but I know, with a year ending soon and still a lot of Oscar films to come, there's still a lot to look forward to. You get a rare type of film every few years. A film that will win a deserving amount of Oscars or will make you want to scream when they don't. This film is that film.Grade: A+
평점: 8	리뷰: 12 Years a Slave is a film that rights itself so powerfully that it manages to meet, and possibly surpass, its overwhelming hype.When a movie has you doubting its quality for its first half hour, it tends to send up more than a few red flags. That was the experience I had with Steve McQueen's third feature film, 12 Years a Slave. All of the festival hype about this being a masterpiece didn't even seem remotely present. Yet over the course of its grueling duration, the movie has a way of getting under your skin long before you fully realize it.Arriving nearly a year after Quentin Tarantino's Django Unchained, Slave is quick to position itself as a polar opposite. Tarantino's take on slavery was brutal, but so stylized that it quickly arrived at winking hyperbole. That tongue-in-cheek revisionism is nowhere to be found in McQueen's film, which sternly cements itself as one of the definitive cinematic portraits of the horrors of American slavery.Yet for all of the brutality, emotional and physical, on display, 12 Years a Slave's approach is remarkably restrained. McQueen, working off of John Ridley's adaptation of the novel of the same title, has ample opportunity to bludgeon the viewer into numbing submission. As we follow Solomon Northrup (Chiwetel Ejiofor), a free man captured and sold into the southern slavery machine, we are witness to unspeakable violence, as expected. But rather than reflect Northrup's own horror, the film spends most of its time depicting its atrocities with quiet detachment. Rarely has the concept of the banality of evil been so maturely transferred to the silver screen.The effect is distancing at first, and it can make 12 Years a Slave difficult to fully engage with at times. There are moments made to elicit gasps of horror, but also any number of scenes presented so matter-of-factly that they appear determined to keep the viewer at arm's length. It's a strategy that could have proved damning in the long run. Instead, it all builds to a finale that packs what has to be the biggest emotional wallop of the year, and by quite a wide margin.The academically rigorous treatment that takes up most of the runtime is, secretly, the key to the film's success. By refusing to indulge in exploitation and wallowing in awfulness, the story clips along, capturing evil as ordinarily as possible, as though it were just another part of the day. The intelligence with which Ridley treats his characters, coupled with McQueen's vision, allow the film to work as an accessibly arty drama, as well as an honest and unflinching portrait of one of the biggest travesties in American history.And as the glue holding the story together, Mr. Ejiofor is tremendous, infusing Solomon with hope, determination, and despair without mugging. The middle of the story sees Solomon – with a new name, and reduced to little more than a cotton picker – as an observer and occasional victim. Rather than slip into laziness, Ejiofor infuses Solomon's defeated passivity with a tragic grace that only becomes more impressive as time passes.While Ejiofor carries the movie on his shoulders, he allows his co-stars the bulk of the film's flashier moments. As Mr. and Mrs. Epps, Michael Fassbender and Sarah Paulson make up one of the most despicable, yet frighteningly believable, couples in recent memory. Whatever their quarrels with each other, they have no problem abusing and manipulating the slaves as a means of attacking each other. As Mr. Epps watches, with mocking delight, his slaves dance, his wife catches him eying young Patsey (Lupita Nyong'o, also excellent). Her retaliation is to pick up a glass decanter and toss it at the girl's head, with all of the effort of tossing paper into a waste bin. It's a moment horrifying for its basic cruelty, the chillingly casual manner of its depiction, and implications it has about the Epps' world views. That the moment lasts but 10 seconds only magnifies the scene's blunt force.At this point it almost seems pointless to point out the films flaws, considering how contained they are to the beginning of the movie. However, though the initial missteps don't undercut the power of the conclusion, they do start the film off in a puzzling manner that feels at odds with what follows.Rather than proceed in strictly linear fashion, the opening begins with a few vignettes of Solomon already on the Epps' plantation. Later, the film inserts brief flashbacks to Northrup's time with his wife and two children as they go about their life as free and respected members of society. The "payoff" that this structure delivers is little more than a condensed repeat of the opening scenes in a bizarre attempt to generate a moment of psychological tension. Compared with the elegant frankness of the film's majority, these moments can't help but feel rough around the edges. Hans Zimmer's early scoring contributions don't help matters, and threaten to send certain scenes careening off of the rails with their horror movie intensity.Thankfully, 12 Years a Slave's triumphs do more than make up for its failures. They absolutely demolish them. With all of the accumulated pain and suffering built up over the course of more than two hours, the film arrives at its shattering conclusion. It's an otherworldly combination of hopefulness about the story's end, as well as a cathartic end to a profoundly wrenching journey. McQueen's film could derisively be deemed his broadest and most accessible. However, by tapping into such a difficult subject matter with such precision, he has delivered a challenging, gripping story by staring evil in the eye and never once backing down.Jordan Baker, FMR
평점: 8	리뷰: I really disliked this film. I am not saying it's not a fine film. I am not saying it is inaccurate. I am not saying that anyone who enjoys it is wrong. It is certainly thought-provoking. But it told me nothing new, offered no new insights, and I found it to be unrelievedly gruesome and depressing. After about an hour of the film, I decided to stop squirming and leave--that I would enjoy not seeing it more than actually seeing it. For this reason I did not rate it.I wasn't expecting sweetness and light from this film, only perhaps a little enlightenment presented in an entertaining or at least endurable manner. There must be something wrong with me--how dare I not like it? I recommend that everyone see the film. But if you don't like it, you are not alone.
평점: 7	리뷰: I thing the best way to be fair about this movie is to write Pros and Cons. Pros: great acting, beautiful soundtrack, gives you a chance to appreciate life and a look back to history. Its touching and emotional. Cons: I usually love to go to the movies to enjoy a nice romance-comedy or action, so i am not used on such type of movies to be honest. So i found it a little bit sad, bloody story with sometimes excagerated violence details. So if you are looking for a refreshing break from work and life (as i usually do when i go to the movies), see another thing. Overall, I think its a movie worth watching, but may be on DVD when it gets released is enough for me.
평점: 8	리뷰: . . . so let's use some common sense to resolve this cinematic contradiction. Tempting as it may be to give the more recent "history" of slavery the "benefit of the doubt," this fallacious mode of thinking gives in to the "tyranny of the NOW." In WIND, black workers in Georgia get room & board, are generally well treated, and are proud to fight side-by-side with their white owners to perpetuate the only civilization they've ever known during the U.S. Civil War. In 12, on the other hand, Peach State slaves frequently demean each other with the "N-word," are mercilessly raped and flogged, and cower on run-down plantations devoid of ballroom dancing. Which of these pictures is more accurate: WIND's or 12's? WIND's vision, in which Blacks work patiently toward a better tomorrow, was given the Best Picture Oscar for 1939--a distinction that is re-validated each year it is not revoked (not to mention the fact that WIND set all-time box office records). In today's climate of Political Correctness, its dozen Oscars would be snatched away quicker than you could filch 200 victories from Joe Paterno if there were anything truly objectionable or inaccurate about it. By contrast, 12 has a much more meager musical score, and its lack of action scenes classify it as low-budget fare relegated to play only at so-called "art houses" to date. This probably is for the best. Whereas WIND was a stepping stone allowing Blacks to take home their first Oscar (presaging Jackie Robinson with the Dodgers, everyone with the NBA, and Obama in the White House), 12 seems Hell-bent on perpetuating racial conflict today by its implication that white American Southerners of the early 1800s were racist beasts (with the men looking so scruffy in their unkempt beards that they could fit right in with today's Boston Red Sox!). Just as documented anti-Semite director Mel Gibson's flogging "torture porn" was a widely perceived and obviously delusional attempt to besmirch American Jews a few years back in his PASSION OF THE CHR!ST, 12 director Steve McQueen's use of flogging torture porn (against the plantation's most compliant and best worker, no less!) may have a similar misguided ulterior motive. Draw your own conclusions.
평점: 9	리뷰: The movie is very quiet, focus and detail oriented into our emotion. The music and the sounds blended like memories is still fresh ... Shots that has been shown .... are very moving there is nothing less or more... it was just perfect.The lighting is very natural and you don't see any (eye light, that one white spot in the eye) it looks like all sunlight... which make it feel real as hell.I think there is so much anxiety in the beginning of the movie that I wasn't sure if I sit right in the seat... Its going to win every awards...
평점: 8	리뷰: This movie does not break new ground. The subject has been brought up many times and each time the premises is the same. The dark side of America at one time and how mans inhumanity to man reaches down into the soul past conscience and for some leads to salvation for others damnation. It is not a pretty site to see men mistreating men. Nature can do it, acts of God take place and accidents will happen. To see mankind mistreat mankind deliberately and without cause recalls the very history of the human race into question and it isn't pretty. What throws a type of Holy water on it is that Christianity is seen supporting this questionable behavior by men who are oblivious to their own hypocrisy as they make the scriptures come alive in their favor. But America is made up of these little pockets of history and mishap which at some point leads to liberty and justice for all. But for those who had to endure the journey from the learning curve perspective, it remains brutal and it testifies that we all need salvation from one thing or another. Those that stood by remain guilty as those who carried on. I like this movie because it gets to the point and the point is where you have to go the sooner the better. I am also reminded that ignorance if allowed to travel uncorrected recruits its like kind. Bravo to the acting, directing and story line which is nothing less than one mans testimony of his life. His story captures but a small portion because who can learn to speak and write Hell fluently? Grab something to eat before you watch, have some popcorn and snack during the film to keep your nails away from your mouth and a tasty drink to wash it all down with...BTW...I am a man who has a good grasp on his emotions, but this film wrestled with me 3 times and won as evidenced by my tears....
평점: 8	리뷰: My quirks with this one may had been conceived from the inescapable praise 12 Years a Slave underwent from critics and audiences. While I liked it the first time I saw it, I had my problems with it, the two biggest ones being the editing and McQueen's direction. The editing still has its issues that should have been worked out, but I found McQueen's direction to be one of the most valuable assets to the film this time through. 12 Years a Slave has this three-dimensional feel to it and that's thanks to Steve McQueen. The brutality the film is now famous for is thanks to McQueen, too, he held nothing back. There is a lack of sentiment still present, but it doesn't feel like McQueen's fault solely, I can't pinpoint which component made the film lack it.People who watch as many movies as Oscar Buzzers can become immune to film violence, but there were three of four moments where the film crosses my line of comfort. Sadly, my opinion has lessened even more of my already mixed reaction of Lupita Nyong'O. Half the problem is her character is begging for our sympathy, but the other half is Nyong'O lack of depth and creativity. Her "acting" felt less like acting and more like Steve McQueen releasing violence against women and blacks in one package, cueing our tears to swell. Fassbender remains my choice for Best Supporting Actor this year for his commitment performance. Ejiofor's acting ability increased on this rewatch. He uses a self-aware, theatrical manner of reciting his lines that felt fake to me before and slightly did at first this time, but the emotional exterior does more to compensate and releases a chemical that makes the "theatrical" element work for him. 12 Years a Slave draws a menacing template of hell on Earthan interesting metaphor, considering Brad Pitt looks like Jesus with his long hair and is the character that puts the rewarding finale into motion.Updated Rating: 7.9
평점: 9	리뷰: Acclaimed director Steve McQueen (Shame, Hunger) and writer John Ridley's depressingly fascinating adaptation of Solomon Northup's autobiography "12 Years a Slave", just as the title suggests, tells the story of a free man (Northup) who in 1841 was abducted, sold into slavery and would spend the next twelve years of his life as a slave.As one would imagine, a lot of the imagery here is hard to watch due to the subject matter. So, aside from McQueen's habit of coaxing excellent performances from his actors, if you know McQueen's work, then you know that he loves his long takes; with intent always looking towards forcing audiences to gaze upon his subject(s) unblinkingly. Anyway, in this film he focuses the majority of his long takes on sequences of the most upsetting aspects of slavery.But even more visually heartbreaking, and this is almost totally due to a powerhouse performance from Chiwetel Ejiofor (who plays Northup) is watching Northup's spirit slowly break, as he comes to the realization that with each passing moment the likelihood of him regaining his freedom becomes less and less of a reality.What truly sets this film apart as one of the year's best, is both a script (which not only blueprints a realistic view of everyday life on a plantation, but also contains intriguing commentary on everything from the justifications for slavery found in Bible verses, to the fact that the moral values of plantation owners differed from man to man) and a cornucopia of incredible performances. In fact, "12 Years a Slave" is one that should be up for tons of awards; assuredly nominations for Ejiofor and co-stars Michael Fassbender and Lupita Nyong'o (and even though she will be forgotten in this ensemble, the great actress Adepero Oduye's performance should be noted as well) and hopefully an Oscar win for Ridley and his masterful screenplay.Final Thought: Yes, if you're looking to see Django Unchained 2, "12 Years a Slave" (while still containing strong violence and brutality that will make you squirm in your seat) may be too meditative for your liking. And yes, if it wasn't for the title, the timeline in this movie would have been extremely unclear. And yes, from the looks of it, Brad Pitt will never change his hair style no matter what the role. But even at its most preachy, even at its most deliberately paced moments and even if Pitt's accent is distractingly similar to the one he used in "The Counselor" and "Inglourious Basterds", "12 Years a Slave" is still one of the most profoundly compelling movies to come out of 2013 and a must see for all of those poor misguided moviegoers who thought "Lee Daniels' The Butler" was a brave piece of African American cinema.
평점: 9	리뷰: 12 Years a Slave. WOW. Brilliant, powerful, while also being incredibly difficult to watch. I've never felt so deeply, watching a film. It takes you to the deepest, darkest depths of human suffering. But this really happened. This isn't some outlandish exaggeration of the past. I'm not going to lie: I cried, like, more than once.For those who appreciate such things, it's technically brilliant as well. The directing, the acting, the cinematography, the score. Unbelievable. What a cast! It's going to win so many eff-ing awards. Just off the top of my head, best picture, best director, best actor (Chiwetel Ejiofor - superb), best adapted screen play, maybe best supporting actor (Michael Fassbender), maybe supporting actress (Lupita Nyong'o), maybe best cinematography and score. The record for most Oscars for a single film is 11 (shared by Ben Hur, Titanic, Lord of the Rings: Return of the King). I will be interested to see if 12 Years a Slave makes a run at that.This isn't just the best movie of the year, it's one of the best movies I've ever seen. And I have a hard time imagining myself watching it again anytime soon due to the sobering imagery. I could go on and on, but I think people should just see it.
평점: 8	리뷰: "12 Years a Slave" may not be everyone's cup of tea to watch as, true it's a true account of the slave days of one kidnapped man Solomon Northup, it's manner in which the brutal beatings and whippings of blacks is cruel, violent, and very sadistic. The film is so raw and brutal with it's scenes that it may turn many off still director Steve McQueen went to great measures to show how brutal and savage that blacks were treated by rich spoiled white land owners in the deep south. Based on the true accounts of one Solomon Northup(in a raw and emotionally honest performance from new guy Chiwetel Ejiofor)who in 1841 is in the northeast in upstate New York working as an actor and stage play person when one night he is lured to a trip to Washington, D.C. and is kidnapped by two southern men and taken to the deep south and sold into slave labor. Here on the plantation the cotton fields life is tough with beatings and whippings and chains are a daily occurrence for all blacks especially with all the sadistic ways of the owner(in a wicked performance from Michael Fassbender)who even has sex with many female black slaves. Most supporting is the meeting that Solomon has with a Canadian abolitionist(in a fine performance from Brad Pitt)this propels Solomon to be set free emotionally and mentally to actual freedom. Overall "12 Years a Slave" is a brutal and somewhat sadistic film still it's one man's true story of courage and will to live as he faced the wicked and evil establishment for many lost and wrong years that he had to spend his life away from freedom and reality.
평점: 10	리뷰: This year's sure thing for Best Picture. I don't personally think it's the best picture of the year, but no doubt it'll be one of the more deserving of that award (it ranks #6 on my 2013 list as of right now). It's an utterly devastating picture, doubtlessly the most thorough, accurate and brutal portrayal of slavery in the American South ever committed to film. Chiwetel Ejiofor stars as a free man in the North. While touring as a fiddler with circus performers, he is kidnapped by slavers and transported to the South. He becomes the property of plantation owner Benedict Cumberbatch, who is a fairly benevolent master, but he soon crosses ways with his overseer (Paul Dano), and Cumberbatch is forced to sell him to a much crueler man (Michael Fassbender). Fassbender is keen on raping his slaves, in particular Lupita Nyong'o. Ejiofor, who at this point realizes that the only way he can survive is to keep his head low, becomes entwined in the drama between Fassbender, Nyong'o and Sarah Paulson, playing Fassbender's wife. Ejiofor has been a fantastic actor for over a decade now (I first noticed him in Dirty Pretty Things, but he also had a major role in Amistad, which I never did see), but this is the role he'll be remembered for. He gives one of the subtlest performances in recent memory. In many ways, he has to. His role is all reaction - while he does get a couple of big emotional scenes, mostly he's playing a man who has to keep his head down. He's an educated man, and if his masters catch wind of it, they could very well kill him. What he witnesses, though, in addition to what he suffers himself, is so horrifying that it becomes impossible not to react. Of the rest of the cast (which also includes Brad Pitt and plenty of other familiar faces), I think the only other one who deserves accolades is Nyong'o, who just kills it. Adepero Oduye, as a woman who refuses to stop weeping for her children, who were sold elsewhere, also impresses. In my estimation, none of the white actors really deserve too much praise. Cumberbatch and Dano are probably the best. Fassbinder's likely to get all the awards attention, but I thought he was pretty unsubtle, almost to the point of mustache twirling. McQueen's direction is very subtle, almost to the point where you won't even notice how good it is. One major complaint I have is that you don't really feel the time pass. If it weren't called 12 Years a Slave, you wouldn't even think more than a couple of years had passed by the end of it. Honestly, it could have been longer. But, then, it can be such a harrowing watch that I don't know that I'd want to see any more. I wouldn't say it was painful to sit through, though. I'd see it again in a heartbeat. It's rare you get a film so genuinely powerful.
평점: 7	리뷰: With 12 Years a Slave comes a dour and distressing story about Solomon Northup, a freedman and a talented violinist, who was kidnapped one night and sold into slavery. This true story vividly captures his struggles and grueling journey through a very dark time. Now, slavery has recently become a relevant topic even though it no longer exists, but several films have released nonetheless, forcing us to relive the horrors that beset a once troubled race. As a matter of forewarning, this film is raw and relentless in its presentation for it's bound to disturb and place you in a level of discomfort that's rarely visited. You will be forced, as a viewer, to witness atrocious scenes of torture and whippings specifically as misty blood sprays into the air and the sight of deep and thick cuts makes you cringe to no end. By the end of the film, half of the theater was in tears, blowing their noses and withdrawing their tissues. It was certainly difficult to bear the missed opportunities and even larger troubles in a stricter environment. Ultimately, the most crucial services to the power of this picture relates to its performances. Chiwetel Ejiofor, Michael Fassbender, and Lupita Nyong'O all putting in terrific effort and fully exhausting us with deep emotion. In addition, the rest of the supporting cast features the likes of Brad Pitt, Paul Dano, Paul Giamatti, Alfre Woodard, Benedict Cumberbatch, and more- very impressive indeed. At the rolling of its credits, we are officially drained of any sense of happiness. Though the film isn't economic and takes its time with some ironic shots of beauty and others of a grim terrain, it's mercilessly saddening once its content fully sinks in and you understand the "bigger picture." The film's pacing relaxes in certain moments as particularly lengthy shots are utilized in order to realistically depict a situation, excluding any cinematic distractions. As I've mentioned before, this method produces the kind of footage that's raw and gritty; a scene will persist as it's gradually encompassed by a hopeless tone and hurtful details. What packs the punch to the fullest extent of emotion is the incredible score by Hans Zimmer. It does sound a bit like Inception's soundtrack, but it's undoubtedly effective in its complement to a disheartening segment. "I survive! I will not fall into despair...I will kick myself harder until freedom is opportune." Powerful words are spoken, and although a film with such subject matter could've easily hit the point of excessive sentimentality and corny dialogue, the conversations actually carry some very strong points. This experience is arguably an incredibly important one, which is likely why it's garnering this amount of praise and hype. The treatment of the white supremacist race towards a seemingly dissimilar kind can apply to any generation of our history and though the relationship isn't nearly as cruel, the feeling of utter discrimination is what faces both immigrants and homosexuals in contemporary times. Frankly, it's fascinating how modern peoples remain disgusted by these practices, but if you were to somehow teleport them to the age of slavery, would they feel exactly the same way? Racism has not ceased to exist, and most of the informed and aware would surely agree. Hopefully, this film will stir awareness within the more ignorant and prejudiced; I won't point any fingers, but you know. Upon viewing such atrocities, I can't imagine how society of the past could possibly deem such a way of life and action rightful. Of course, we could delve into philosophy and human nature, regarding greed and selfishness, for a considerable period of time, but I'd rather not. With that being said, I honestly don't think it innovatively accomplishes anything but its emotionally compelling execution is what the applause might be directed at, at least for me. Several sequences, though, contain rather muttered speech that somewhat complicated the state of affairs as I couldn't find myself making out what the characters were exactly speaking of. 12 Years a Slave will shock you and leave you in contemplation and vexation. It will be one of those events in cinema where the audience shouldn't be expecting excitement, enchanting visuals, or mindless action but a truly thought-provoking production that will formidably rival the best films this year.
평점: 9	리뷰: I must say this is a powerful film with a lot of emotion and truths about slavery.This film is easily the best film of the year and should win numerous awards.I don't have any dislikes for this film and I have not read the book about the movie so in all I have to say this is a good movie.In reading other reviews on this movie I have to question some movie goers mentality.This movie showed the some of the truths of slavery and the struggle of one man as he experiences these events for the first time.This movie is not Hollywood coated or made to be a comedy with a weak storyline and plot like most movies that are in theaters now.With the terrible movies Hollywood has been churning out over the last few years, this is one of the best screen play and acted dramas to date. This is a must see.
평점: 9	리뷰: Co-produced by Brad Pitt and written by John Ridley, Steve McQueen's 12 Years a Slave is based on the 1853 memoir of Solomon Northrup, a free black man who lived in Saratoga Springs, New York and was kidnapped in 1841 and sold into slavery in the South which he endured for twelve long years. Chiwetel Ejiofor as Northrup does not simply relate his story but makes us party to his experience and we feel the lashes as if they were welts on our own back. The film opens with Solomon as a slave cutting sugar cane on a large plantation. It then flashes back to a happier time in New York where he is a violinist, living quite comfortably with his wife and children.Always eager to improve his means, he accepts a job from two nattily dressed white men to play violin in a traveling circus. After a night of good food and good drink in a Washington, DC restaurant, however, Solomon wakes up the next morning in chains and learns that he has been sold as a slave and transported to New Orleans. While he experiences physical pain, the emotional pain of separation from his wife and children is even more devastating.After a cynical trafficker (Paul Giamatti) auctions his naked "products," Solomon, now renamed Platt, is transported to a plantation in central Louisiana where he and Eliza (Adepero Oduye), a young mother cruelly separated from her two children, are sold to William Ford (Benedict Cumberbatch), the only slaveowner in the film depicted with a modicum of humanity. When Platt retaliates against the sadistic overseer, John Tibeats (Paul Dano), however, he is hung from a tree on a rope where he remains for hours while other field hands ignore him and go about their business and only escapes death when Ford returns and cuts him down.Ford, however, is forced to liquidate his debts and sells him to the sadistic and hypocritical Edwin Epps (Michael Fassbender), who lashes slaves if they fail to meet the quota of the day picking cotton or just to assert his authority, yet sleeps with the most productive field slave, Patsey, played by Lupita Nyong'o in a shattering performance. Their relationship is known to his wife (Sarah Paulson) and, because of her jealousy and Edwin's guilt, Patsey suffers more than others. In a scene that will be talked about for a long time, Platt is forced at gunpoint to whip Patsey, a whipping that continues for what seems an obscene length of time.If we were able to reassure ourselves up to that point that it is only a movie, the moment we hear the thunderous lash of the whip against Patsey's back over and over again, we know that there is no comforting escape mechanism. Though Platt never despairs, it is only when a traveling white carpenter (Brad Pitt) from Canada with strong abolitionist views hears his story that the look in his eye turns from resignation to a glimmer of hope. Though slavery was part of a worldwide system of economic exploitation, 12 Years a Slave is not about slavery as an institution. This is Northrup's story and if you think it is filled with exaggerated stereotypes, consider Northrup's own words: "I can speak of slavery only so far as it came under my own observation", he explains, "only so far as I have known and experienced it in my own person. My object is, to give a candid and truthful statement of facts: to repeat the story of my life, without exaggeration, leaving it for others to determine, whether even the pages and fiction present a picture of more cruel wrong or a severer bondage." Though Platt, like the others, is a victim, Ejiofor's moving performance so strongly enlists our support that we encompass his perseverance, dignity, and relentless struggle for his humanity as part of our own fight to be who we really are and to express it with love and without fear.While 12 Years a Slave can be overwhelming, it is a welcome history lesson that films have heretofore neglected to tell, one that dispels the myth of the happy slave and the benevolent master. A riveting experience that conveys the agony of what it's like to endure the debasement of one's essential humanity, it is not pretty but, then again, the truth often isn't. I don't know if I will ever want to see it again, but I am certain I will not soon forget it.
평점: 10	리뷰: The intensity of this story had me awestruck throughout the film, to the degree that I was unable to show any emotion as I watched a depiction of slavery that showed how those who had gained freedom or were born free were systematically and strategically kidnapped and forced back into it. This film showed a different side of injustice. Not only was I amazed at how black people were treated in that era under such circumstances, I was amazed and hurt at how black people treated each other. When some may have considered Solomon Northrop to be weak, he was truly courageous. He kept his mind more positive than a lot of people could under those circumstances. Although he did work as a slave, there was always a glimmer of the determination of a free man within him, destined to escape the life he was forced into. Northrop was always seeking an opportunity to gain assistance from those willing to listen and was cunning enough to adapt and protect himself when betrayed by those he trusted. This film was well written, well acted, thought provoking and historically relevant. Steve McQueen and Brad Pitt took a chance with this film and in my opinion it paid off well. If you're offended by the use of the n-word (ala Spike Lee), then you may want to stay home or see something else. Without the use of the word, it would be historically inaccurate. The film doesn't just show us injustices of our past, but they bring a perspective to the present and hope for the future. I would recommend this movie to be included in African American History classes in schools across the country. Doing so may show young black people that we have a history of being determined and that many people have lived worse than we could ever imagine in our modern times. If you didn't leave the theater touched or enlightened to treat each other better and at the same time honor those who came before us by appreciating the opportunities afforded to us, you should watch it again until you do. *Side note: the audience at the theater where I saw this film was predominantly white Americans, all of whom were in tears midway through the film. This film is for all Americans. When we know better, we can do better*
평점: 10	리뷰: It has been 16 hours since the end credits of 12 Years a Slave started scrolling, and I have yet to recuperate from this miraculous, horrifying, brutal film. I am not ashamed to admit that I cried several times throughout this movie, and every time I think about Solomon's story I start to sniffle a little bit. This film is a masterpiece. There's no other word to describe it. Simply a masterpiece. Not only is it the best film of the year, but it's arguably one of the best films ever made. Right up there with Schindler's LIst. The way this story is told, the brutality of it all, is mortifying. And yet, despite all the horror that is portrayed on the screen, I can call this film beautiful. It was so well shot, so well edited, so well acted, so well directed...it was simply, in a word, flawless. As an avid film-goer, I often watch films like this analytically and try to tear them apart and find every flaw I can. But I couldn't find one single flaw with this film. Some may argue that some shots lasted too long, but no. These shots were just meant to make you feel like an accomplice. For example, there is an excruciatingly long scene (I say excruciatingly not because it's bad, but because it's hard to watch), where Solomon is hung from a tree with his toes barely touching the ground, and if his feet leave the ground, you know he will choke and die. We see his struggle from every perspective. Close up, wide, medium, POV, OTS, everything. And every time, in the background, we see people meandering by, as if this were just a normal day on the plantation. People would argue that this scene could have been cut, but I say no. It had to be that long, because it makes you as a modern viewer want to jump up and help him, even though you know you can't do anything. That's what being on a plantation felt like. You wanted to help him, but you knew that wouldn't do anything. 12 Years a Slave is not for the faint of heart. It's a horrifying testament to what America once was, and how man used to treat fellow man. I would advise you to bring a tissue box and prepare to weep several times. It's easily the best film of the year and most definitely the Schindler's List of our generation.
평점: 10	리뷰: Despite its relentlessly violent and disturbing content, the film is a must watch. The beauty of a film titled 12 Years A Slave, is it's straightforwardness and self-aware narration. Like so many movies before it, this remarkable tale of Solomon Northup's unbelievable journey of survival, may not be familiar from the character names, but the story shares many narrative arcs of other slavery driven melodramas. Fortunately for us, 12 Years a Slave breaks its cliché stigma thanks simply to one of the greatest living directors working today, Steve McQueen. McQueen, an enigmatic British story teller, has had indie success since his riveting Hunger and more importantly, the sadly overlooked Shame. Having an incredible visual understanding as well as dramatically perverse eye, McQueen captures an unapologetic and extraordinary film of the tackle of evil, and the eventual glory of justice.12 Years a Slave is a film based heavily off of Solomon Northup's memoir Twelve Years A Slave. Gestating from Solomon's life as an acclaimed violinist, to the cruel unwilling insertion of Solomon to slavery in the Deep South, the film takes very little liberties of Northup's brave literary piece. Chronicling Solomon's decade plus of slavery, from plantation overseers to slave owners, and all the people that he meets in-between, Northup the man, and the character, is truly a testament to the extent of the human spirt and the marvel of selfishness and tolerance.Slavery is a subject that cannot be ignored when flipping through the pages of history books, especially American history. As sad as it is to admit, slavery is just as much a part of learning of the past as glory and success is. The thing about the subject of slavery when it comes to the film medium is that audiences already know what to expect; lashings, whippings, lynching, sexual and physical abuse, injustice and unexplainable cruelty. The difference between knowing these facts and seeing them on the screen, is the emotional response the poetic visuals provide. Like any spectacular painting, this moving piece of art is like any paint-to-canvas product, more stunning and hypnotizing the longer you stare at it.Many could argue that 12 Years A Slave is an overly dramatized, artsy recantation of a man's struggle to freedom. From grueling, neck-breaking long takes, to several extreme close ups, to musically laden chants, the film is a fine piece of cinematic showcasing for its director and many talented individuals involved. 12 Years A Slave is, without a doubt, McQueen's most commercial work. But do not get discouraged, because unlike so many talented directors in the past to substitute commercial success with artificial, flaky pieces of cinema, McQueen uses his talent to attract one of the film's most talented qualities, its cast.Unflinching and naturally statuesque is Chiwetel Ejiofor, who will no doubt get some Oscar recognition, and perhaps even a win for his enslaving portrayal of Solomon Northup. Ejiofor inhabits a passion of previous confident actors in his role as Northup similar to that of Poiteir, Washington and Redford. From the start of McQueen's body of work, one of the most noticeable and gratifying similarity all three lead males share, is the control and power of their gaze. From Michael Fassbender in Hunger and Shame, and now to Ejiofor in 12 Years, Ejiofor and McQueen create a fiery, personal relationship of gazes and stares that act as another character for audience members to empathize with. Whether it be on a train, hungrily undressing a redhead in the opening scene of Shame, to a hopeful yet empty stare into the humid swamps of the South, it is in these simplistic stares and silent revelations where we weep, we cry, and we feel an immense sorrow for a man stripped of everything.Along with Ejiofor and also destined for Oscar recognition is Lupita Nyong'o. Accepting and willing to succumb to death rather than live a life of slavey and the apple of her owner Edwin Epps' (Michael Fassbender) affection, Nyong'o delivers in a way that could only be best described as classical and timeless; a way that only Jane Eyre enthusiasts could comprehend.Sharing in the glory of McQueen's amazing ability to retrieve the best performances from his actors, are of course, Michael Fassbender, frequent collaborator and McQueen's muse, as the epitome of evil Edwin Epps; to Paul Giamatti as the inhumane slave merchant; to Benedict Cumberbatch as the remorseful Master Ford; to Scoot McNairy as the deceitful Mr. Brown; to the always brilliant Paul Dano as the crippling Mr. Tibeats, and of course the ingenious Brad Pitt as the heroic Canadian carpenter Mr. Bass, this film will serve as a definite fine point in all the careers of these already talented acting forces.12 Years A Slave is all around, a solid example of the fine points of collaboration. John Ridely's script is a brilliant literary work that excels most during the lyrical and doomed dialogues between slaves. Composer Hans Zimmer orchestrates a chilling score that, at moments, gives hope, and at other times, deepens one's sorrow. The film is a great, big authoritative film of the finest artists working in Hollywood today.Chances are, 12 Years A Slave will chill your warm heart and bury any previous empathy for the slaves in Tarantino's Django Unchained into the dirt. There is no silver lining here; McQueen's sprawling slavery epic is a depressing, death-filled account of past reality. In each blood- soaked, flesh-pealing, naturally cinematic scene, McQueen finds the beauty in torture, the art in tragedy and most of all, the passion of perseverance and hope, despite all. 12 Years A Slave will undoubtedly be one of my favourite films of the year. And rest assured, once its hold loosens and the chains drop, 12 Years A Slave will survive as one of the year's most memorable stories of hope, and will live on to be a modern American classic.Night Film Reviews: 10/10 Stars.
평점: 10	리뷰: This is definitely a hard film to get through. The scenes are so raw and the language as well, I often had to close my eyes. However I left the theater feeling like I so appreciated what millions of African Americans went through in order for people of color to be able to walk freely. Go see this movie...the acting is great and the cinematography is as well. There are many still shots that convey such emotion and character, at times I had to look away. I did wonder what happened to his family during the 12 years, as this isn't really explored in the film, but I guess that's not what the focus of the film is about. Overall, this is an excellent movie and I would certainly see this again.
평점: 10	리뷰: 12 Years a Slave represents a late-flowering of Hollywood's attempt to continue the white-guilt trip regarding the American slave trade since Roots was an international hit in the 1970s. The exception, however, is that this film is far more superior in its technical qualities than nearly every other of its kind. It begins with the simple yet allegedly powerful statement "This film is based on a true story." Whether this is intended to get the audience to sit up and pay extra attention or simply to help prop up a rather deflated synopsis remains a unique element to singular films. Nevertheless, in this case, it seems to add nothing to the terror and brutality exhibited in the rest of the film. Herein lies a great discrepancy for the film's level of satisfaction: does a "true story" translate to a more powerful and effective experience, and if so, does this imply that fiction has no relevance left?All this to say that, despite its misgivings about its audience's ability to absorb information, Steve McQueen's adaptation of Solomon Northupp's memoir of being kidnapped, sold as a slave despite previously being a freeman, and eventually brought back to his rightful position, does strike a powerful and memorable chord. This is helped in large part by the expansive, eclectic and effective cast which includes such diverse names as Michael Fassbender, Benedict Cumberbatch, Paul Dano, and Brad Pitt. Yet, what struck me most about this film was the way in which it seemed to be so single-minded in its approach that it failed to see Northupp as a representative of American slavery in the decades prior to the Civil War. This is exhibited most apparently in the finale, which ends rather abruptly without any real sort of coda or satisfying cadence. This may very well be what McQueen intended, but it still diminishes the viewing experience as it limits the audience to experiencing only what Northupp wrote explicitly. In most cases, this would be fine, but the camera's ability to transcend its subjects and expand on its themes almost requires more than what the source material allows. In this sense, the film fails to live up to its billing. It seems that this was done most likely to keep a safe awareness of its time and place in the box office. This film will most assuredly be a front-runner for the Oscars next year, yet it has the opportunity to go far beyond more conventional or even exploitative tales of slavery such as Mandingo and, to a lesser but more entertaining degree, Django Unchained. McQueen was well on his way to showing the most realistic, truthful and even sympathetic portrayal of the relationship between blacks and whites during the 19th century. It's a shame he seems to pull back and give us a book report just at the moment when more exposition could have benefited greatly.
평점: 8	리뷰: By Jonathan L HermittAnother courageous effort made by Steve McQueen and John Ridley as they take the true and painful story of Solomon Northup to the big screen. Hollywood is carefully pulling the curtains aside- revealing the dark anecdotes built by their four fathers but also the western culture as a whole. Finally! More bold moves are being taken in mainstream feature film- and McQueen and Ridley are contributing.Based on a true story and extracted from the book written by Solomon Northup himself- tells the emotionally harsh tale of a free black man who lives with his wife and children in Saratoga, New York and is deceived, kidnapped and sold as a slave in Washington D.C. There begins to tell and show the suffering, fear, cruelty of the slave trade, the cold, malice actions of the slavers but also the struggle of hope for Solomon's return home.The honesty of the narrative was so strong it elevated the emotive response and the connection with the characters. Chiwetel Ejiofor (Solomon Northup) offered a riveting and grasping performance in each stage of his development; accompanied by the dramatic irony of the entire story, the audience remains empathetic to his betrayal. Sarah Paulson and Michael Fassbender outstanding work also have to be recognised due to not shying away from their character's persona but furthermore, understanding them- creating a tense ambiance by only entering the scene. This may appear surprising or outlandish although I think that it could have been more honest in terms of the brutality of the violence. In such harsh scenes Tarantino would have been well suited. Exploring more into the "slave-making" and punishment techniques apart from the cracking of the whip and bat would have truly opened our eyes in the struggle of the Africans. As I feel as a generation we are becoming desensitised by the generic whipping of slaves to a point where we've almost forgetting what these people actually went through and the monumental, ongoing fight to get where we are today. I mention this because the arc of the story felt a little rushed, and missed some substance that one might have received from the actual book.Nonetheless, the only way this film can be described is honest, hurtful but necessary. It tells the story of slavery from different perspective which to some extent is refreshing. I think this film deserves a lot of credit and criticism and it would be anticipated to be an Oscar nominee or winning film.
평점: 10	리뷰: 12 Years a Slave is a movie that everyone should see. It is what I consider to be a perfect film, and there are not many that I would categorize as such. It is a masterpiece of cinema, creating a powerful, meaningful experience for those who are fortunate enough to see it. The acting is phenomenal, particularly on the part of Chiwetel Ejiofor and Michael Fassbender, who both deserve at least nominations for Best Actor in a Leading Role and Best Supporting Actor respectively at the Academy Awards. Steve McQueen also deserves at least a nomination for Best Director. The movie should definitely win Best Picture at the Academy Awards. If it does not, then I have lost faith in the Academy. It is by far the best movie that has come out this year, and one of the best movies I have ever seen in my life, and I have seen a lot. This movie is profound and is not less than extraordinary. I had very high expectations for this film, and 12 Years a Slave exceeded my expectations. I very strongly recommend it. I must say that the content is likely unsuitable for audiences under the age of 16 years.
평점: 10	리뷰: I thought this movie did an excellent job of revealing the harsh treatment of blacks in the south in the United States before the Civil War. The acting is tremendous, particularly the lead role. You are conveyed the sense of why it is impossible to run. You see how any kind of society based on slavery brings out the worst in people, not just those who run the plantations, but everyone else who has to live within the system. I would recommend seeing this, but it is not for the light of heart, you will feel the constant fear, and the pain of the whip, faced by the slaves on a daily basis. Be prepared to get a more in depth look at the world of slavery than has been seen before.
평점: 8	리뷰: A bit slow to start and yet a movie with a delivery unlike any other. The story seems to be simple and yet it pulls at your conscience. The outstanding performance of almost all the cast makes this a truly deep and realistic portrayal of the injustices that were an everyday way of life in the slavery states during the PreCivil War era. I found the dialog all too often difficult to comprehend. Thus, I was lost and frustrated by the script that tried too hard to give the viewer a much too lengthy and confusing scene with language that made little sense to the average viewer. I still found this film full of earthy realism and a true sense of hopelessness for the black man in an era full of racism.
평점: 9	리뷰: This is a study of all parts of humanity, the horrifying and the triumphant, told through the inhumanity of American slavery. Its poetic filmmaking, told through the characters emotions and impeccable attention to detail, not a single frame of digital celluloid wasted, each shot a perfectly framed heart-wrenching photo. While some consider it slow and it will inescapably sit heavy on its viewer's minds, "12 Years" is the most personal, beautiful and accurate portrait of slavery in film history.This is the true story of Solomon Northup (Ejiofor), a free man who was captured and sold into slavery in 1841. It covers the entirety of his 12 year slave-life, yet never struggles with this epic scope, bringing clarity to the characters and their motives. We meet many people along Solomon's path, each presenting the varied and confused relationships that existed between slaves and slave-owners. Pitt is a perfect wise old sage. Giamatti, Dano and Fassbender are revelatory and terrifying. Ejiofor brings literal chills to his performance, leaving us feeling bound with Northup. Most importantly, the film refuses to make any of these characters caricatures. We are forced to sympathize, or at least understand, all characters and their actions.This is not a fun movie. It's probably not a movie people will want to re-watch. The bigotry this film reminds us of is almost otherworldly, and McQueen has no interest in making us comfortable with it; he intends to poke and prod at our sense of humanity and succeeds at every jab. However, this movie isn't simply "homework". It's essential film viewing.
평점: 6	리뷰: Director Steve McQueen has gathered a talented cast, a compelling plot idea, and a wonderful cinematographer and then snuffed the life from them with his clinical, detached directing style that robs what should be the most affecting movie of the year and turns it into a plodding, emotionless, historical biopic.Despite the valiant efforts of Chiwetel Ejiofor and especially newcomer Lupta Nyong'o, this drama about a musician who is duped, drugged and sold into slavery never manages to find an emotional chord.Like last year's Oscar-bait, "Les Miserables," the film is often told in long, steady pan shots or a continuous array of distracting close-ups of actors filled with angst or anger. And the film finds no rhythm in its editing to make these extremes work. Even the most harrowing scenes in "12 Years," and there a plenty of them to choose from, lack dramatic tension. One may as well be watching an accident filmed on a surveillance camera on the local news, because that's how detached McQueen's film style is (which also killed his over-praised "Shame," for me as well.)Some have likened "12 Years a Slave" to "Schindler's List," but for emotional wallop, there is no comparison. "Schindler's List" is in every way, from script to score, the vastly superior movie: not only shocking but truly emotional and with actual drama.John Ridley's screenplay has a few fine dynamics, but quite frankly in the end all the characters in the film end up being (literally) too black or white. Even the few characters (like Benedict Cumberbatch's Ford or Garrett Dillahunt's Armsby) who seem to have shades of gray, of course turn out to be turn-coats. Michael Fassbender and Sarah Paulson get two roles that feature them being evil incarnate, to the point you expect Fassbender to twirl his mustache at times. But again, any kind of shading the actors may have tried to play gets lost with McQueen's endless habit of sticking the camera repeatedly into the actor's faces."12 Years" is by no means an awful movie, but I think hype surrounding it in the press will lead to disappointment in movie goers who are expecting an amazing visceral tale, and are deceived into getting a stagnant and clinical examination of some of the darkest days of American history. Members of the audience I saw the movie with began talking half-way through and some people were overheard saying, "How can they make this subject so dull?" as they headed for the exit.
평점: 10	리뷰: '12 YEARS A SLAVE': Five Stars (Out of Five)'12 YEARS A SLAVE' is now the top contender to win Best Picture (and many other awards) at this year's Oscars. It's about a free black man, named Solomon Northup, who was kidnapped and sold into slavery in 1841 Washington, D.C.. He spent 12 years working on Louisiana plantations before he was freed. The film is based on the 1853 autobiography, of the same name, by Solomon Northup and was written by John Ridley. It was directed by Steve McQueen and stars Chiwetel Ejiofor, Michael Fassbender, Benedict Cumberbatch, Lupita Nyong'o, Paul Dano, Paul Giamatti, Sarah Paulson and Brad Pitt (who was also one of the film's producers). The movie deserves all the critical praise and award recognition it's been getting (and will receive) and is definitely one of the year's very best films (and a must see)!The movie begins in 1841 Saratoga Springs, New York where Solomon Northup (Ejiofor, who's fantastic in the film) works as a carpenter and a very talented violin player. He has a wife (Kelsey Scott) and a young son (Cameron Zeigler) and daughter (Quvenzhané Wallis of 'BEASTS OF THE SOUTHERN WILD' fame). One day he meets two men (Scoot McNairy and Taran Killam) who claim to be touring musicians. They take him out drinking and offer him a high paying gig in their show. Solomon then wakes up to find himself in chains, realizing he had been drugged and sold into slavery. He spends the next twelve years working for two different plantation owners in Louisiana: William Ford (Cumberbatch) and Edwin Epps (Fassbender, who's a scene stealer and starred in McQueen's last two films as well). Northup gets along with Ford but finds himself in many confrontations with the sadistic and extremely abusive Epps. He befriends another younger female slave named Patsy (Nyong'o, who's amazing) who, despite being an excellent worker, is constantly beaten by Edwin and his wife (Paulson), due to the fact that she's the object of Mr. Epps affection (as he constantly rapes her as well).The movie is extremely depressing and hard to watch (as it should be). It does build to an overwhelmingly emotional and satisfying conclusion though. All the same many will never go near a movie like this (because of it's violent and disturbing content) but it's definitely a movie that everyone (of a certain age) should see (in America at least). Some (of the racist nature) like to complain that movies like this are exploitative and prey on white guilt, making racial relations more difficult (they say). I disagree and think important events in history should never be forgotten or ignored. They should always be examined, and looked back on, despite how painful they might be. This movie bothered me for days (as I couldn't get several scenes from it out of head), it's like a true life historical horror story and the filmmakers did an excellent job of bringing it to life. That's why I think it deserves a perfect rating; because of how powerful and memorable it is (and how much it really sticks with you and affects you, long after it's over). I'd compare it's quality to something like 'SCHINDLER'S LIST' and even say it's a little better. It deals with very similar subject matter; slavery in the US (in the 1840s) was very much like what was going on in Germany (during World War II) with Jewish people (it is an American equivalent of almost the same crimes). You don't hear nearly as many complaints about how movies about the Holocaust are exploitative (when the same type of argument could be made). McQueen has created a cinematic masterpiece (whether some want to acknowledge it or not) and a film that everyone needs to see!Watch our movie review show 'MOVIE TALK' at: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DEGndm52qI4
평점: 1	리뷰: Go watch this movie if you want to see a bad copycat of Django unchained.Go watch this movie if you want to feel miserable, helpless & restless for 134 minutes.Go watch this movie if you want to feel like beating the s**t out of everything after watching it.Go watch this movie if you would like to see a Bollywood version of a Hollywood movie, where the worst thing on earth has to happen to the Hero.Go watch this movie if you want to celebrate a director whose aim is to make money out of oppressed people.Go watch this movie if you would like to know what Cinema was not meant to be.
평점: 10	리뷰: Expecting to see some sort of race-baiting we-are-good-but-you-are-evil movie, I was very pleased that this is good stuff.The movie is more about Northup's resiliency but also his inevitable slow slide into hopelessness than anything else. When he is finally rescued, it comes as a complete shock because he had given up fighting the system. And there is no shortage of white people in the film who are portrayed sympathetically. This is not a "whitey has always hated us movie." It is a tale of how a man with virtually everything going for him is reduced to crushing bondage by a legal system and culture.The really bad people portrayed in the film are shown as being incapable of comprehending that blacks are in any way equal to whites. Grow up thinking such things and the likelihood you will have some sort of glorious epiphany is entirely unlikely.Unlike Schindler's List, a movie that will cause you to look away, be glad you saw it, and swear you will never see it again because of its gut-wrenching images, 12 Years was watchable for me. It is a movie. Everyone and their grandchildren involved are long gone. The Peculiar Institution is gone. No one in the US has been a slave-holder or a slave.He was saved because people who were consistently good, mostly white people, were able to overcome people who were consistently evil, also white people.I went in expecting a movie with a heavy-handed message but that was well-acted and was pleasingly surprised that the movie was well-acted, well-staged, and void of any sort of political message.I have heard people, the same sort who say the Holocaust never happened, claim that the story is nearly complete fabrication. Unlike The Butler, which is about as true to reality as Mighty Morphin' Power Rangers, this one holds up well to historical scrutiny. Keep in mind that histories are always written by the winners, in this case the Abolitionists. But the fact that SN spoke kindly of two of his masters tends to poke holes in the theory that this is just another Uncle Tom's Cabin.I take that back. There is a political message. That message is that government can do anything it wants with you and you are essentially powerless. SN was enslaved by the system but rescued by individuals.
평점: 10	리뷰: Just saw it last week and was really powerful and a masterpiece as Schindler's List. The story is haunting and makes you feel you are in that time period. I really want this win Best Picture for the 86th Academy Awards and also win for Best Director Steve McQueen and have him become the first black director to win Best Director. Why? The acting from the main character is amazing, as well as Michael Fassbender who plays a crazy religious drunk slave owner and is become one of the best actors of the 21st century. The direction by Steve McQueen is gold and the best I have seen since Steven Spilberge for Saving Pravite Ryan and again Schindler's List and Tom Hooper for The King's Speech. The other stuff that I like was the music score by Hans Zimmer while although it feels the same as he did Inception, it is haunting and powerful as his scores to The Thin Red Line and Galdiator. The script by Undercover Brother's John Ridley which is pure gold and some of the art and costumes as well. If you are looking for a good movie that goes with Schindler's List and Grave of the Firefiles. This is a masterpiece to go see and put in that collection.
평점: 6	리뷰: Having read some excerpts from the book the film is based on, it appears that this is a very thorough adaptation of Solomon Northrup's original account which was written at the time of course as an expose-to sway northern conservatives who might have been on the fence concerning the horrors of slavery.
평점: 10	리뷰: The danger here is that a "19th century" story can have a whole different meaning when presented in a modern day context. Director Steve McQueen already established himself as having a talented visual eye but also an unhealthy obsession with violence (his disappointing fictional effort, "Shame," focused on a protagonist's sexual fixation). Thus McQueen (in the grand style of Tarantino), may have been drawn to Northup's tale more for the salacious moments than explaining what slavery and its legacy was all about.
평점: 10	리뷰: Similarly, screenwriter John Ridley, may have been attracted to the story in order to draw a parallel between what he perceives as modern day racism and the horrors of the past. Of course equating slavery with the "racism" of today is absurd as the physical subjugation of African-Americans was eliminated following President Lincoln's "Emancipation Proclamation" and codified into law with the 14th Amendment. Nonetheless, a story such as Northrup's, can still be used by writers like Ridley to intimidate rather than edify.
평점: 10	리뷰: Northrup's story only focuses on the very worst aspects of slavery and for its time makes sense. But there is little sense here of the black man's triumph IN SPITE of the degradations they had to endure. The positive message (which reverberates today, for example, in many black churches) but is ignored in this film, leaves one wondering if Ridley's screenplay is designed more as agitprop than art.
평점: 4	리뷰: The flip side of the coin is the deleterious effect the legacy of slavery had on the psyche of African-Americans throughout the years. Is it more important to make a movie simply about the horrors of slavery without discussing the effects of its legacy?
평점: 9	리뷰: Despite these concerns as to the questionable motivations of the director and his screenwriter, in a limited sense, Northrup's story still features powerful moments which begin with the family man/musician's abduction by slave traders in 1841 Saratoga, NY. The break into the Second Act, which constitutes the beginning of Northrup's nightmare, is when he's sold into slavery down in New Orleans. The scene is doubly horrifying as Northrup witnesses the separation of two children from their mother, who are all sold into slavery.
평점: 10	리뷰: The first half of Act II features heightening tension as Northrup is sold to a relatively kind but ineffectual plantation owner, William Ford, who treats him decently and even gives him a violin as a present. Ford recognizes that Northrup is educated (without questioning where he got his education) and allows him to assist in engineering a waterway for transporting logs downstream.
평점: 4	리뷰: Epps is a religious fundamentalist who reads Bible passages to his slaves but also beats them whenever he's in the mood. He's also a hypocrite, as he's sexually infatuated with a young slave, Patsey, whom he rapes and will not stop, despite his wife's constant entreaties. The jealous wife takes out all her hatred on poor Patsey too; in one powerful scene, she offers treats to all the slaves, except Patsey, who she strikes in the head in front of her husband, and a horrified Northrup and his fellow slaves.
평점: 2	리뷰: Northrup's deliverance occurs in Act III when he meets a white man, Bass, a carpenter, who's doing a job for Epps and has abolitionist sentiments. Northrup is reluctant to tell Bass his story since earlier he was betrayed by a white worker on the plantation, after he attempts to convince the man to mail a letter for him, to alert his family and friends in New York. Northrup finally decides to trust Bass and things are set in motion, which leads to his freedom. Brad Pitt might not have been the best casting choice here but his character Bass's intervention proves to be one of the few positive moments in this very dour tale.
평점: 5	리뷰: Chiwetel Ejiofor is excellent in the role of Northrup as he echoes the original author's restrained dignity. In one sense, McQueen and Ridley should be praised for resurrecting this "historical artifact." On the other hand, the narrative is limited and ignores both the positive and negative effect the legacy of slavery had on the descendants of its victims.
평점: 2	리뷰: Instead, this antediluvian tale brings little or nothing positive to the modern-day debate about race relations wherein the "sins of the fathers" may be deemed morally equivalent by some misguided individuals, to what's going on today.
평점: 9	리뷰: Toward the end of the movie Platt, a field slave, reveals his story to an itinerant carpenter, Samuel Bass (Brad Pitt in a cameo role), who remarks "you have an amazing story to tell, but it's not pleasant." For "Platt" is Solomon Northup (Chiwetel Ejiofor), a legally freed man from New York state. Platt is his a slave name literally beaten into him after his kidnapping in Washington City in 1841. Kept chained and beaten in a slave pen in Washington City, he and other kidnapped blacks are shipped to New Orleans and sold in slavery.Platt lives a life of horror. A horror so horrendous and unrelenting it's "amazing." 12 Years A Slave frequently uses the n-word and this adds immensely to its truthfulness and accuracy. Many whites in the South considered blacks subhuman, hence keeping them as slaves was not only acceptable, it was supported by the Bible, or at least their twisted interpretation of it.Some of the slavers (wealthy, privileged plantation owners who formed the backbone of the ante-bellum South) were reasonably decent men: Ford, Judge Turner. But the slavery system made the slavers wealthy men and they all bought into the economic system that made them rich and prosperous. And their white underlings were savagely racist to the core. It's a fact the less fortunate ape the wealthy. Look around today. That behavior's still out there in spades. The wealthy do it and ten years later everyone wants to do it, or at least wish they could do it. And with our Twitters and Facebooks it doesn't even take ten years anymore. A celebrity does it today and ten seconds later everyone wants to do it.Northup tries to keep up hope but finally is full of despair, signified by his watching the last embers of a letter he intended to send to his wife but instead burned and also by the purposeful destruction of his violin. He's afraid to even trust a white man. It's only Bass's outspoken abolitionist opinions that make Northup trust him. And it's through Bass's help that Solomon Northup is finally freed from the total hellhole on Earth that was Edwin Epps's plantation. I found myself wondering what happened to all those poor, desperate people that he left behind.The acting in this movie is superb. In particular Chiwetel Ejiofor stands out as Solomon Northup/Platt and the sufferings he endures day after day. Michael Fassbender does an outstanding job portraying Edwin Epps the sad, sadistic, paranoid, megalomaniac, depraved human being whose humanity still comes through. And every other actor plays their part to a tee. The scenery, costumes, and settings were absolutely fantastic. From capturing Washington City in 1841 to the large plantations in the Deep South, Steve McQueen and his crew recreated a totally convincing ante-bellum South in minute detail. I certainly hope this movie garners a bunch of Academy Awards this coming February. It richly deserves them.On a philosophical level the movie broaches slavery as an institution. Should human beings be sold to other human beings as chattel? Anthropological evidence suggests hunter-gatherers probably didn't indulge in it much. But every civilization in existence from 3000 BC onward had either slaves outright or those that were one step up (serfs). The late anthropologist-philosopher, Ernest Gellner, called the people who claw their way to the top of a society either by force or by chicanery, the thugs. And there are still plenty of thugs around. Someone has to do society's dirty work. And so the slave trade came into existence. And there are still slaves around too. People who are forced into indebted servitude against their will where their chances of escaping are virtually nil.To wrap up, a truly gripping and powerful movie, but definitely not for those who prefer to avoid the realities of life and who like nice, cheery, feel-good stories. Not for those either who like blow-'em-ups/ shoot-'em-ups. Many of the scenes are very brutal and very intense.This movie will make you ponder in depth the inhumanity and abject cruelty some humans do to other humans. And it's still going on out there in spades in many parts of the world. Maybe this movie will make us think more deeply how it might be stopped. I sure hope so.
평점: 9	리뷰: We walked across the street for a drink immediately afterwards and I noticed my hands were shaking. The entire row of people sitting behind us on the way out I glanced at - all were sobbing. I don't mean a few little tears I mean deeply affected, balling their eyes out. The music is incredible, if you've seen Shame - same kind of stuff. Sarah Paulson, Cumberbatch and Giamatti are perfect but all are out shined by Michael Fassbender - who is incredible. I was a big fan of his before this but he has further proved he deserves to be in the discussion of best actors in his generation. Luptia Nyong'o who plays a young slave girl and the object of Fassbender's psychotic infidelities will probably hear her name for a nomination on Oscar night. Most likely Fassy will as well and possibly Paulson. And then we have Chiwetel Ejiofor - my god man, you are AWESOME. This is the biggest slam dunk best actor Oscar since DDLewis in TWBB. If this is an indication of the films coming out this award season, I am so stoked. Easily the best film of the year, my buddy asked as we were going in "Wonder if this will be better than Gravity?" That question now seems incredibly silly as this film makes Gravity look like the freaking Smurfs. I'm hoping American Hustle can give it a run for it's money but I'm starting to think there isn't a chance. This is a rare, once in a decade treat. 2 hours and 15 minutes of raw emotion. Go see this film.
평점: 6	리뷰: This film is highly recommended.Is it better to be born blind, or deaf, or with some other hardship, than to once have had that sense, only to lose it later in life? You might think that this opening question is coming out of nowhere, but bear with me. To have lived with that precious gift and then to be forced to live without seems even more tragic and cruel. The loss must be all the more staggering. I bring this question to the forefront as it is the inescapable sense of loss that is the underlying concept in 12 Years A Slave, Steve McQueen's relentless and searing account of human trafficking, a true tale about Solomon Northup (Chiwetel Ejoiofor), an African-American musician who, in the earlier stages of his life, was a free man enjoying his life with his wife and family in the, only to be whisked away, bounded and shackled to spend most of his later years (1841 -1853)as a slave in the Old South.The desire for freedom always is just out of reach as we follow Solomon's harrowing journey. From free man to slave, his suffering in this film is palpable, as we witness scenes of persecution and endless humiliation packaged between moments of sadness and despair. Be forewarned: 12 Years A Slave is not an easy film to watch, as this viewer diverted his eyes from many sadistic acts of violence throughout the film. The torture and inhumane conditions are true representations of America's reprehensible past. The brutality seen in 12 Years A Slave is never gratuitous or used as a mere shock value stunt. It's there in full view, shown as it was then, and now chronicled and unable to be ignored.The privileges of whiteness and the freedom that came with that segregated class system has a more visceral effect in this film, seen in sharp contrast to the servitude and brutality that many slaves endured at countless plantations from master to master. The film's most convincing argument is how effortlessly injustice can marginalize one man's life.Mr. Ejoiofor is exceptional in his role as Solomon. The actor's use of his physical traits, his woesome and sad-eyed facial expressions and continued downward stare, subtly show the inner rage and helplessness of his character. His final scene is so moving and memorable, allowing the emotional release for his character and for the movie-going audience as well. As the villainous psychotic slave owner Epps, Fassbinder has the showier role and he tends to overplay the sexual depravity of the character with a tad too much glee. Yet the actor does register the proper degree of instability and intimidation, avoiding the aspects of a full-blown Simon Lagree stereotype. (McQueen should have reined the actor in at times, which would have made this excellent performance all the more real and effective.)The acting is stellar with strong supporting work by Paul Giamatti, Paul Dano, Adepero Oduye, and Alfre Woodard. Special mention goes out to the contributions of Lupita Nyong'o as the abused slave, Patsey, and Sarah Paulson as Epps' shrewish wife. Both actresses deserve Oscar nominations for their fine work in this drama. Only Brad Pitt seems miscast in his role due to his famous screen persona. (Yes, he's one of the film's producers, but a lesser known actor would have given the film the right degree of realism.)Director McQueen, along with his co-writer, John Ridley, have created a film of undeniable passion and haunting imagery, a mostly accurate and horrific history lesson for all of the world to see. His wonderful production team have crafted an indelible re-creation of pre- Civil War authenticity with stellar work from Patricia Norris' period costumes, Hans Zimmer's atmospheric music score, realistic sets by Adam Stockhausen and David Stein, and stunning cinematography by Sean Bobbit.There are so many memorable set pieces that are skillfully handled for maximum effect (a horrible lynching scene that seems to go on until tomorrow, Solomon overcome with despair and rage as he sings a spiritual, a burning letter that turns to embers and fades to black). There are some scenes that do go on far too long and overstate their message (a chase sequence between Epps and Solomon goes so over-the-top to the point of absurdity that it undercuts some of the film's emotional impact). More judicious editing could have solved that very minor complaint. (Also having a rather jarring effect is McQueen eagerness to show historical accuracy on one hand, yet the director tends to overlooks the fact that his actors (portraying either slaves or owners) seem to have taken so much special care on their dental work that the American Dental Association would have unanimously given the film its seal of approval. That said, the film is still a remarkable achievement in filmmaking.12 Years A Slave is a bold provocative film that forever shatters the myth of gentrifying the Southern Antebellum lifestyle. McQueen's film never hides from or whitewashes one of the most tragic chapters of American history. Its powerful story of one man's anguish and loss of freedom should resonate with any caring individual. Sadly, racism still exists in many parts of our country today. With such an important film like 12 Years A Slave as our ultimate proof, the lesson is well earned, if not yet well learned. GRADE: A-ANY COMMENTS: Please contact me at: jadepietro@rcn.com to add any commentsCOMMENTS:
평점: 9	리뷰: Whew--I'm sooooo relieved to know that most of the real evils of the Antebellum South can be mostly laid at the feet of evil white women, who are either blind or insanely jealous. And of course it's a relief to know that there were some upright and well-meaning white male plantation owners--isn't it? Even if they did tend to hand out fiddles and keep the shotguns for themselves... Sigh. In a sentence? This movie is long and painful, in more ways than one. Of course it had to be made--and the fact that it needed to wait until 2013 to GET made is a horrific indictment of this country--but we don't have to pretend it's well made. This is an obvious mess, as heavy-handed as...naaah, I won't say it. The characters are each less than one and a half inches deep and Chiwetel Ejiofor is (I hope) going to win an Oscar for breathing through his mouth and looking unhappy and bewildered for over two hours. Much of the film feels like an homage to Quentin Tarentino (and as Django was itself an homage this is a quote of a quote...). I know people PC enough to have sat through it twice--and I know people who ought to be made to watch it more times than that (though, frankly, it might just come to have a numbing effect). It would have made a perfect PBS special. See it, or see part of it, or at least buy a ticket--and read the book, which is of some real historical importance, as is the story itself.
평점: 9	리뷰: A searing indictment of chattel slavery in the antebellum South, "12 Years a Slave" depicts the tragic odyssey of a free-born African-American violinist shanghaied and sold into slavery by unscrupulous white chiselers. Solomon Northup's literary chronicle implicates himself as much for his own naivety as the avarice of the assailants who hoodwinked him for monetary gain. Two smooth-talking con artists in top-hats persuade our hero to leave the safety of New York so he can play his fiddle at a concert in Washington, D.C. They assure Northup that they will pay him handsomely for his services and reimburse him for any expenses incurred during the trip to and from the capitol. The surprises and shocks that ensue as a consequence of their mendacity turn Northup's life upside-down. British-born, black director Steve McQueen and "Red Tails" screenwriter John Ridley pull few punches in their largely realistic portrayal of Northup's exploits. They adapted Northup's eloquent autobiographical account of his captivity between 1841 and 1853. Of course, nobody should be flabbergasted that Northup's memoirs contain a far greater wealth of information than the film. Naturally, McQueen and Ridley had to eliminate some Northup's various adventures to make a movie under two-and-a-half-hours in length. Northup's hanging provides one clear example. Three bitter whites resolve to string up Northup until an overseer intervenes. In Northup's memoir, he was never actually hanged. In McQueen's film, Northup is hanged, but he manages to balance himself on the tip-toes until somebody cuts down. " Mind you, this isn't the first time that Northup's horrific ordeal has been presented in the media. "Shaft" director Gordon Parks produced "Solomon Northup's Odyssey" back in 1984 for PBS's "American Playhouse" anthology television series. After its original telecast, the Parks' teleplay came out on home video as "Half Slave, Half Free." Inexplicably, McQueen had never heard about Solomon Northup and his plight when he was searching for a story to shoot about slavery. Unlike Parks and his "American Playhouse" production, Mc Queen and Ridley were not restrained by the straitlaced standards of television censorship. As much as "12 Years a Slave" is a yarn about courage in the face of wholly insurmountable odds, this Fox Searchlight release qualifies as a horror movie that provides little relief from our protagonist's travails until the end credits roll. Happily, McQueen doesn't paint all whites as unrepentant dastards. Indeed, our hero survives this adversity because compassionate whites stand up to unsavory whites. Nonetheless, for all but a quarter-hour of its running time, "12 Years a Slave" makes you abhor the individuals who abuse Solomon. The worst plantation owner of the bunch rapes his most productive black female slave repeatedly on a regular basis while his jealous wife dreams up schemes to drive the object of her husband's lust from their property.Movies about Southern slavery, sometimes referred to as the "peculiar institution," usually focus on slaves born into bondage. McQueen sought to make a film that would appeal to broader audience. Ridley and he found in Northup's memoir the perfect vehicle for this perspective. Since Northup had been born free, we can identify with him more than we might a poor soul who never possessed his freedom. Similarly, the same is true of those 18th century British sea-faring tales about helpless lads kidnapped by press gangs and forced into service by His Majesty's Government because they happened to be in the wrong place at the right time. In "12 Years a Slave," two grifters posing as traveling entertainers appealed to Solomon's vanity as a musician to earn some quick, easy cash. When things seem too good to be true is when you should flee temptation. Solomon trusts these gentlemen implicitly, and they escort him to the nation's capitol. Once they arrive, they wine and dine him at an elegant restaurant and then slip him a Mickey Finn, the equivalent of the date rape drug Rohypnol, in his libation. When he entered Washington, Solomon was dressed as splendidly as any Caucasian gentleman. When he awakens the following morning on the outskirts of the capitol, Solomon finds himself attired in a night gown with a web of chains on both his wrists and ankles. When he protests his status as a free-born black, the slave traders whip him into submission with a wooden paddle. At this point, our hero winds up far from home in Louisiana where he must pick cotton, cut sugar cane, and grovel before his bull-whip wielding masters."12 Years a Slave" lives up to its R-rating. The film contains considerable violence and cruelty, with extreme profanity as well as some nudity and brief sexuality. Various characters utter the politically incorrect N-word as many as 60 times in the company of other derogatory adjectives. The violence is far more disturbing than the sexuality. Nude scenes occur when the slaves must bathe before an auction. Similarly, when buyers inspect the slaves, they force them to strip naked. According to Northup's memoirs, slaves whose bodies bore the mark of the lash were not as easy to sell as slaves with unblemished bodies. A slave with too many scars was regarded as rebellious and considered poor prospect for sale. 12 Years a Slave" makes the Hollywood classic "Gone with the Wind" look like a fairy tale. Although nobody suffers the loss of body parts as in the television mini-series "Roots," the torture scenes where a female slave is lashed so badly that her back resembles a chopping board and male slaves are hoisted atop tree branches to hang until dead equal any of the ghastly horrors in Steven Spielberg 1993 Holocaust epic "Schindler's List." English actor Chiwetel Ejiofor of "American Gangster" gives an unforgettable performance as Solomon Northup who suffered untold terror at the hands of his sadistic captors. Naturally, as formidable as McQueen's film is, Solomon Northup's memoir is ten times more fascinating.
평점: 10	리뷰: Before going to see this film, I knew that I could expect amazing performances by Chiwetel Ejiofor and Michael Fassbender. Don't get me wrong, their performances were nothing shy of breathtaking and extraordinary. However, it is not simply these two actors that made this film one of the greatest masterpieces of our time. Every single actor and actress's performance was spot on. The beautiful cinematography and editing created amazing moments that allowed the audience to really think about and empathize with what the characters were experiencing. I am extremely grateful that despite the numerous famous faces, the film did not assign favor to them and did not have extra, purposeless shots simply for added screen time. Instead, it prioritized the story and the characters/events that helped to progress that story. All these aspects are a testament to Steve McQueen's outstanding directing.Although every part of this film was noteworthy, I cannot leave without heralding the highest acclaim for Chiwetel Ejiofor's performance. I would be extremely surprised if Chiwetel Ejiofor did not take home Best Actor for every award this upcoming season. {SPOILER} Ejiofor was simply awe-inspiring just from the last few scenes depicting his rescue/freedom themselves. His final scene in the film where he is finally reunited with his family brought me to tears that lasted well after the credits had finished rolling.
평점: 10	리뷰: 12 years a slave is hands down the best film I've seen this year. Steve McQueens best work yet. In my opinion this film just nudges Gravity to second in the best picture race so far, still waiting for the much anticipated releases of "American Hustle", "The Wolf on Wall Street", "Saving Mr. Banks", and "The Secret Life of Walter Mitty". Chiwetel Ejiofor gives his best performance yet(definitely Oscar worthy) playing Solomon Northup, a freeman who is kidnapped into the slave trade. He brought emotion and courage to the screen while leaving the audience on their toes predicting what he was going to do next. Michael Fassbander also gives an Oscar worthy performance playing the antagonist, Edwin Epps, a drunken repulsive plantation owner. While Solomon brings the innocence and desperation to the movie Edwin brings the intensity and evil to the movie. These two powerhouse actors create the perfect contradiction and it simply makes the movie great and brings it off the screen into the audience. Along with Chiwetel Ejiofor and Michael Fassbander are Lupita N'Yongo, Benedict Cumberbatch,Brad Pitt,Paul Dano, Sarah Paulson, and Paul Giamatti make up the star studded cast. The way Steve McQueen directed the movie this cast barely shares screen time and there is no interference between their talents. The most intriguing performances, aside from the leads, (Chiwetel, Fassbander,and Nyongo'o) were from Paul Dano and Brad Pitt they stole the lead when they were on the screen. Paul Dano plays the very racist, abusive Master Tibeats who usually spends his time hitting the slaves. Paul shares the screen with Benedict Cumberbatch they are also a perfect combination and contrast of good and evil. Brad Pitt plays the hardworking, humble Bass who travels around North America working on construction. Brad shares the screen with the two leads, Chiwetel and Fassbander, which he stabilizes the conflicts between the two and the topic of slavery.Throughout the film the recurring conflict is between good and evil, and what is right and wrong, all on the topic of slavery and Solomon's unusual, tough situation. Steve McQueen and the writers blended it in with the characters very well.Along with the great acting, directing, and writing there is the music that compliments of every aspect of the film perfectly and Hans Zimmer is also deserving of an Oscar.To wrap everything up 12 years a slave is a great movie it completely caught me off guard and it should be the big name floating around on Oscars night. The star studded cast is perfectly gelled with the directing of Steve McQueen and the writing by John Ridley. I would recommend this movie to anyone that likes to be entertained and appreciates the aspects of movies.10/10 great film
평점: 8	리뷰: The film was powerful and a Goog Cast but I give it only a 4 there were things that bothered me. There were too many times the camera left a scene to another while audio from the previous scene were still playing. Although being taken and in slavery for 12 years we never got a sense of time passing. He never mentioned today is my birthday or it was X years I was taken and sold into slavery at 90 minutes I think it would have been a good film at 134 Minutes it was torture to watch. It was a good cast and super acting I thought the scenes of whipping and beatings were going to be difficult to watch I did not find them disturbing.
평점: 8	리뷰: 12 Years a Slave — a biopic about a black fiddler in NY who somehow wound up a slave in Louisiana from 1841 until the law rescued him in 1853—is the nearly universally acclaimed front runner for the Best Picture Oscar. Yet it's built upon a fourth-rate screenplay that might have embarrassed Horatio Alger.12 Years a Slave is hailed by critics as a long-awaited breakthrough that finally dares to mention the subject of slavery after decades of the entertainment industry being controlled by the South.The message behind the ongoing enshrinement of the rather amateurish 12 Years a Slave is that the cultural whippings of white folk for the sins of their long dead ancestors will stubbornly continue on until morale improves. The formula: Stoke it, package it, market it.Steve McQueen directs the film in a sort of minor league Passion of the Christ manner. Some of the appeal to critics is that Northern whites are shown as saints of racial sensitivity in the film's preposterous first 20 minutes.12 Years a Slave opens in 1841 with Northup being effusively admired by his white neighbors in Saratoga, NY. Northup is a model of ridiculous bourgeois respectability, always doffing his top hat to his white peers while out riding with his family in an elegant carriage.How could he afford that? Well, actually, he didn't and couldn't. A glance at Northup's ghostwritten 1853 memoir makes clear that in 1841, rather than being a pillar of this Yankee community, he was an unemployed fiddler dragged down by his own "shiftlessness."In McQueen's often baffling movie, this respectable family man suddenly decides to run off to join the circus with two fast-talking white men without even leaving a note for his wife. Later, while dining in an elegant Washington, DC restaurant with his new friends, he suddenly takes ill and wakes up in chains.Ironically, his poor family never reported or even guessed that he'd been kidnapped. They apparently assumed that vanishing was just the kind of thing he'd do.When word of his kidnapping finally arrived home in 1853, top officials in both NY and Louisiana were dismayed by the trick played upon this freeborn citizen and worked together to quickly have him released.Interestingly, it was widely believed that Northup had conspired with his white cronies to defraud slave owners of their purchase price by attempting to pull a con on them. Reminiscent of the 1971 comedy Skin Game, starring James Garner and Louis Gossett, Jr. as traveling grifters in 1858 where Garner repeatedly sells Gossett into slavery and then helps him escape.Northup's hometown newspaper, the Saratoga Press, surmised that Northup had been an accomplice in a scam gone awry:"it is more than suspected that Northup was an accomplice in the sale, calculating to slip away and share the spoils, but that the purchaser was too sharp for him, and instead of getting the cash, he got something else."This theory that Northup was a man of dubious character rather than the tediously upright one depicted in the movie might explain another puzzling aspect of his tale: how little help he got from his fellow slaves. In general, the other slaves as display remarkably little human warmth toward Northup. They mostly act completely indifferent whenever he is around.When Northup finally arrived home, an abolitionist politician hired David Wilson to be his ghostwriter. Wilson wrote Northup's story in his own style, and they hit it big in the slave-narrative craze that followed the 1852 publication of Uncle Tom's Cabin. Not many were sold, but more than enough to launch Northup on the abolitionist lecture circuit.Predictably, Northup disappeared from history four years later. Those who knew him best seem to have assumed that he had become a "worthless vagabond," as his wife's obituary bluntly phrased it. Almost all of this is left out of the movie as being far too interesting for Oscar Bait.I suppose Third-rate Victorian literature such as Wilson's version of Northup's memoir is tolerable today if the author understands his limitations. Most of the first-person narration is thankfully utilitarian. Only occasionally does Wilson have Northup reminisce in the grand Victorian manner: "Now had I approached within the shadow of the cloud, into the thick darkness whereof I was soon to disappear, thenceforward to be hidden from the eyes of all my kindred, and shut out from the sweet light of liberty, for many a weary year."Indeed, on the rare occasions when Wilson quotes Northup's utterances, the slave speaks in a more plausible fashion, such as, "There is nobody I want to write to, 'cause I ain't got no friends living as I know of."Unfortunately, Ridley's adaptation takes its inspiration for its made-up dialog from the worst prose in the book. Since it would be racist for Ridley to show slaves ending their sentences with prepositions, they instead orate pompous speeches toward each other, like Prime Minister Gladstone addressing Queen Victoria. As the hero, Ejiofor labors to bring life to these lines, with indifferent, if not comical success.Hollywood has been waving its celluloid wand over history since its inception. Unfortunately, studio contrived "reality" usually wins the emotional battle over the truth --even for those with more than a tenuous understanding of the world around them. It's all part of the ongoing, and successful campaign keep all critical theory groups in their respective consensus trances; instilling grievance focused identities in blacks, and derivative guilt syndrome in whites. I suppose once all the altruistic white people who fall for sympathetic pleas of universal equality have been eliminated via natural selection, blacks will spontaneously adopt their innate, but perpetually oppressed Western sensibilities and go on to build flourishing, first world Utopias? Coming soon to a theater near you!
평점: 9	리뷰: There is so much badness in our modern world and, because of the non-stop flood of digital information, it's coming at us ALL the time. Therefore, if I'm going to see a film about a horrible subject (which I'm not opposed to), I want to feel like I'm being subjected to it for a reason. I want to feel that the filmmaker has something to add to the conversation about it, draws some conclusions, makes a point that hasn't already been made. Otherwise, I feel like that much more badness has been added to my life for little purpose.That is my problem with "12 Years a Slave," a formally accomplished film but one which left me cold. It's two hours of watching the absolute worst humanity can inflict on itself, and beyond the fairly obvious point that slavery was a horrible dark stain on American history, there isn't much point to be made and certainly no sense of enlightenment on the subject. It's a film executed to make its audience feel bad, and it succeeds tremendously on those terms. But it fails in most other ways that make great movies truly great. I felt terrible for the slaves depicted in the film in the abstract, but the individual characters are never fully developed enough to feel bad about them as actual people. It's a hectoring film, one scene after another of hateful, brutal violence (physical, sexual, emotional) inflicted on one set of human beings by another, and the problem is that the people who will actually go to see this movie don't need to be told how terrible this kind of human evil is, while those who might serve to be enlightened on that subject wouldn't see a movie like this in a million years.Chiwetel Ejiofor gives a solid performance in the central role of a free black man who's kidnapped and sold into slavery for a dozen years. But his character never really came alive for me, and that limited the impact of Ejiofor's performance. Michael Fassbender is just asked to play crazy as a villainous plantation owner, while Brad Pitt shows up toward the film's conclusion and makes a speech about the evils of slavery right before our main character is rescued. This scene and Pitt's appearance as pretty much the only white person in the movie who's not either evil or indifferent seems a bit convenient given that he's a producer of the film.Sarah Paulson is memorable as Fassbender's equally villainous wife, while Alfre Woodard has a tiny role that teases us with the more complex issues about black and white relations in the slavery-era South that this film could have addressed had it been more interested in something other than the literalness of human suffering.Grade: C
평점: 9	리뷰: I was hoping to really enjoy "12 Years a Slave" but wasn't expecting a 2 hr long movie of very long, ponderous slow camera shots of nature and hardly any compelling dialog or character development. This was then broken up seemingly every 10 minutes by a savage flogging or a vicious rape or some other sadistic cruelty being inflicted on the movie's hero, the hapless Solomon a freeman sold into slavery, and the other slaves. Except for Brad Pitt's Canadian abolitionist and a gentleman from Solomon's home town, virtually every white character in this movie is portrayed as the very embodiment of evil. No nuance, nothing but unremitting sadism.A lot of people seem to be comparing this movie to "Schindler's List" although I can't understand why. In "List" you had the compelling story of Schindler who, for reasons known only to himself, risks his life to save as many Jews as he can. The Jewish prisoners are depicted as full characters, people you know and care about. Even the Nazi played by Ralph Finnes is given some depth, a man whose cruelty has been unleashed and sanctioned by his Nazi bosses but, you suspect but for the war would be a man who might be interesting to be around---a lover of fine food, good wine and a roving eye for the women. But the slave masters in "12 Years a Slave" don't have the slightest hint of anything human about them, just treating people with cruelty for cruelty's sake.If filmmakers really wanted to make a powerful movie about slavery, they might consider boldly making a new version of "Uncle Tom's Cabin" and hew closely to the story that Harriet Beecher Stowe wrote. It's a powerful book and it gets far deeper into the immorality of slavery than anything like "12 Years a Slave" does. The memoirs that "12" was based on came out soon after the huge success of "Uncle Tom's Cabin". The opening scene of the slave-traders benignly discussing their "wares" in "Uncle Tom's Cabin" was so chilling to read that I couldn't even bear to read it through in one sitting. "12" had a similar scene with the excellent Paul Giamatti as a slave-trader, but the movie never got any deeper.
평점: 9	리뷰: This movie has a very good balance of being a great movie that keeps you hooked and a film showing you the horrors of slavery in explicit detail. This movie throws in some excellent performances like our main star Chiwetel Ejiofor and a brilliantly horrifying performance from Michael Fassbender. This movie must have been a great challenge because many great films have been made about this subject,to be remembered this movie had to be truly mesmerizing which it is. Like I mentioned earlier this movie is not a two hour gore fest that sends messages down your throat, we get to know the characters first and when bad things happen to them we are even more horrified. A lot of talent is shown in this movie and in my opinion it ranks up there with some of the best racial movies. Overall this is a very good film that will be remembered for a very long time and must be seen by everyone.
평점: 10	리뷰: Steve McQueen's previous work, Hunger, and Shame, both demonstrated his ability to create films that capture a unique rawness most films rarely show. The characters are never portrayed within a black and white context of this person being good or bad. The world McQueen often portrays in each of his films, although different within each approach has that authenticity that places him within the same intellectual status of filmmakers as daring as Paul Thomas Anderson and Nicolas Winding Refn. Although 12 Years a Slave's trailer, within its presentation gives an inspirational feeling of glory, that is merely a delusion. The story of Solomon Northrup is tragic and brutal, the film depiction of it is real enough to belittle and discourage the concept of hope most people will attempt to draw in the turmoil of such unabridged suffering.Born a freeman and prosperous with a family, Solomon Northrup's (Ejiofor) story is played out within the twelve year period of his enslavement, as he is lured into what was believed to be a promising business deal. Being skilled with the fiddle, Northrup was invited to Washington D.C. to play for a pair of white gentlemen, trusting completely and never suspecting the treachery they bestowed upon the kindness and gratitude he expressed. Drugged and bedridden, Solomon awakens in a pair of chains, claiming his status as free, only to be beaten and humiliated as though he were more of a beast than a person.Not long after an uncensored and grotesque torture scene, Solomon is sold as Platt, from one slave owner onto another. Beginning with the Baptist preacher William Ford (Cumberbatch), Solomon survives with what straightforward modesty among the kindness he sees in this current master, hoping that his generosity can deliver him the hope of seeing his family once more. After a few bouts with Ford's jealous and equally uneducated carpenter, Tibets (Dano), Solomon is sent to work for another master. Despite his pleas for Ford to see his innocence, little does it do him for that hope will soon disappear through the brutal hatred that slavery had inspired in many American's as they justified the prospect of human beings as property. Be it through scientific or divine principles.The determination that Michael Fassbender exemplifies within Edwin Epps, is both brilliant and equally despicable to feel repulsion. Hateful, snide, racist, and even rarely kind enough to find intriguing in his malicious nature. Solomon's purity stands the many obstacles thrown at him. A young girl named Patsey (Nyong'o) becomes the subject of suffering as she embodies the object of Epp's sexual desires, and the focus of his wife's hatred. Sarah Paulson's calm and almost puppet like expression captures an appalling apathy of despair as she demonstrates a more silent, but inhumane brutality among Patsey. In fact, the portrayal of torture in this film is shown to the authentic extent that it does not hide one essence of its straightforward depiction. The scenes are long, and edited to the degree that McQueen wants nothing more but to show audiences what he feels is an honest and direct approach to telling the story of Northrups survival.Sadly, survival does not come easy, nor does it often seem possible. If anything the story told here is never given an inspirational standards of positivity. The close-up shots of the character's faces embody both their despair as well as their desire for hope. Even after their fellow brother or sister has had the earth closed upon them do they tearfully sing in the hope for a better end. It really is sad to say that these raw scenes are merely shown as they are meant to be, giving no hope of the sort. The conclusion of the story is known through the written history of Northrup's memoir "Twelve Years a Slave", and upon reuniting with his family, the moment is presented with more tragedy than relief. The final endnotes give little indication of justice, as Northrup fails to punish those who condemned him to what many slaves would consider eternal punishment, and his own whereabouts remain a mystery.Twelve Years a Slave is both powerful and moving. Although it forsakes any inspirational themes in its technique, it really focuses that primarily within the performance Chiwetel Ejiofor gives when capturing the sadness and the determination of this forsaken individual. An equal amount of praise can be given to the dark and evil depiction Fassbender delivers in what is for me his first menacing role. The direction of this film is never dull, nor does it give you the idea of a meaninglessness, although a lot else should be said for the suffering many slaves had endured during the trial now being labeled "America's Holocaust". A period piece in its own historical standard, and a drama, Twelve Years a Slave is both sad, but amazing in the daring vision that McQueen tackles, never holding back, nor even dumbing it down to more sensitive viewers. The film through its authentic tone of brutality manages to penetrate the more conventional American Slavery drama. It does not over exaggerate within the conception of the characters, nor does it hesitate to portray them as stereotypes. It simply brings out both the good and the bad qualities that shape them, thus giving this film a rare and challenging aura that further elevates the potential Steve McQueen embodies as a film maker.
평점: 10	리뷰: I thought this movie would be miserable to watch and it was. It was well done and if you want to see a simplistic movie showing slavery at its worst this is your movie. The setting were beautiful and the actors were well cast. However there was not much new about the story short of his being made a slave and his inability to escape. The slaves seemed to have no lives of their own or concerns of their own short of reacting to the master, and to have a stronger sense of themselves and their misery than anyone told all their live they were chattel, would have. The most scary and discouraging thing I ever heard on the subject was a former slave saying she had 11 kids and the master must have been really glad of her. This was missing from the movie. It is based on a book meant to be propaganda for the abolitionists and while true is probably an amalgamation of unpleasant stories the author knew of combined with some he experienced. The real story of slavery is one of good and bad men caught in a horrible system and it is complicated. But if you like horror movies with blood and two hours of gut wrenching evil and this for you.
평점: 10	리뷰: It's very rare for me to find a movie that legitimately moves me and grips me all the way along, this is amazingly directed, as it makes you feel Solomons pain as you witness his journey through hell.This movie has very good pacing, it never drags out too long, or trys to force more gore than what is required to get the message across, but don't mistake that, the message it conveys is very very strong. this movie is not for the faint of heart i feel and some i'm sure will struggle to make it to the end, but i implore you to watch it through as this is a cinematic master piece and one of the best movies i have watched since Shawshank Redemption
평점: 4	리뷰: Alright, imagine if you are living an ordinary day; and then the next suddenly you find your life torn away from you, and you are thrown into a different life, full of misery, despair, oppression, and brutality, possibly for many years. Well, this is exactly what happened to Solomon Northup, a free black man who, in 1841, was kidnapped, beaten, and sold into slavery. And he remained in slavery for twelve years, until he has rescued in 1853 from a plantation he was working on in Louisiana. In fact, Northup only one of the numerous people to whom this actually happened, but he was one of the only ones who regained their freedom.Shortly after regaining his freedom, he published his story in a book titled 12 Years a Slave, which I read prior to seeing the film, and which director Steve McQueen has now adapted into said film, with the same title. Many reviewers have already summarized essentially how I personally feel about this film, so I apologize if this review feels redundant to you readers. Rather than just trying to grab money and capitalize on the market, McQueen brings to the screen an honest, accurate portrayal of the harsh conditions and life of slavery. And it old through the eyes of a man who was not born and raised as a slave, but a free end educated man who ended up having experience in both the slave and free worlds. As for the cruelty and brutality, the film doesn't tone any of it down. In fact, some scenes were difficult to watch, they were so disturbing. This film actually allowed me, to a considerable extent, to experience a bit of antebellum Southern United States slavery as it actually was. IT could also be argued that the film offers a strong view of how cruel and evil humans can be, and have been at times in the past.The performances in this film are excellent. The script doesn't give Northup much "development," but Chiwetel Ejiofor gives his character depth and humanity through his powerful, superlative performance. He reached out grabbed by emotions strongly, pulling me into his experiences, from a free man, to his abduction, and through his experience as a slave, during which he kept the fact of his freedom mostly silent but nevertheless remained determined to someday get it back. I especially liked the way he conveyed so much emotion though facial expressions, and especially through his eyes. I predict an Oscar nomination for Ejiofor.All of the other performances were highly commendable as well. Not all of the white people portrayed in the film, however, are cruel. A counter example is William Ford (Benedict Cumberbatch). Cumberbatch's character in the film is a 180 turn around from his performance as the evil and menacing Khan in Star Trek Into Darkness. His character, Ford, while blinded by the social and cultural mores of the antebellum South, treats Northup with unexpected kindness (and I look forward to future performances by Cumberbatch). Another such counterexample to the common white cruelty of the time is Bass (Brad Pitt), who eventually helps Northup to escape. As for the not-so-kind people, there are two who reflect the general beliefs and unpleasantness of many southern whites. They are Edwin Epps (Michael Fassbender), a plantation owner and one of Northup's owners, and John Tibeats (Paul Dano), a worker for Ford. And yes, Fassbender and Dano's performed well.While scenery is certainly not the primary draw of the film, I want to give a thumbs up for the film's cinematography and visual aspects, and Hans Zimmer's music score, which helped enhance the experience. As for the screenplay, John Ridley did a good job adapting the book into a screenplay. He did make a few minor tweaks and condensed the story a bit - in fact, there are one or two particular scenes that I think should have been included in the film, and I think that they would have made the film even better - but other than that the film is true to the book and the events.If I were to criticize anything about the film, it would be that I really think that the feeling of twelve years passing, while effective, should have been stronger. In fact, while I liked the film and the way everything was handled in it, I felt that everything could still have been stronger - more intense, more vivid, more horrifying, more suspenseful, more gut-wrenching, more emotionally powerful, etc. But again, all of these aspects, and more, were still pretty strong in the film.So, overall, 12 Years a Slave wasn't great like I wanted it to be, but it was good, and one of the best films of 2013; and it is an experience that I will not be forgetting anytime soon. Solomon Northup himself would have been proud of this film.My Rating: ***1/2 (out of ****)
평점: 4	리뷰: Just watched this true story of slavery with my movie theatre-working friend. It depicts the abduction of Soloman Northup (Chiwetel Ejiofor) from his family in New York State to the bayous of Louisiana (my home state) where he is made a slave. Director Steve McQueen does a fine job depicting how harrowing the experience is and provides catharsis when the ending comes. He also does a nice job of providing some background of other fellow slaves like that of the doomed Patsy. If anyone who paid to see this expected to watch Brad Pitt in a big role, they must have been disappointed to see him in only a couple of scenes but he does well in those and I have to assume most of the public was enthralled by the story to not even care by that point. Anyway, I highly recommend 12 Years a Slave if you want to be challenged as a viewer by the way someone is depicted as the main character is here. Oh, and nice shots of the Louisiana locations.
평점: 5	리뷰: Numb,in tears, and shocked is how i felt while watching 12 Years a Slave. A lot of films are well made, a lot of films entertain there viewers and while leaving the theater those films are already forgot. But 12 years a Slave does not entertain, it shocks with its true content,it takes one to a world that was once true, many put a blind eye to SLAVERY, but it was once a reality.12 Years a Slave is the story of Solomon Northup. Solomon a free black man in New York, in the 1800's, has a family, a wife 2 kids, he is living the good life. He then on the pretense of getting a job with a circus with a good pay goes to Washington with 2 men. The 2 men however get Solomon drunk,kidnap him and sell him away to white men for slavery. Solomon pleads, cries that he is a free man, but no ones hears. Here starts his journey of slavery, he gets beaten, he sees black women get raped, he is forced to work, he sees all his rights be abolished, he sees such horrible things happen to African American people which are unnameable, and completely disgusting. Does Solomon get freed,does he reunite with his family, does he fall prey to circumstance like all the other African American people around him.How he and many other African American people cope with slavery and its harsh, disgusting ways forms the main plot.Acting wise the film has many marvelous performances but three performances stand out. Chiwetel Ejiofor as Solomon Northup is the films life line, he gives his lifes best, and the best performance of the year. One feels he is pain and agony in the film, and in the climax when Solomon cries, one also sheds a tear. Michael Fassbender as the slave ridden master, is menacing, he acts so well that one hates him on screen. Brad Pitt as the Canadian that believes in equality is a little stereotypical, but he has a important role, and adds a mature performanceA couple questions I asked myself after exiting the theater was WHY? Why was the life of a black man any less than a white man. Are not all human beings equal, does a color make such a difference. Who gave anybody the right to enslave a whole race, the right to beat them, rape them, make them work without pay etc mercifully... Slavery in America should not have ever happened,this is what this film explain, all humans are EQUAL.... The film preaches that we have to learn from our mistakes and make sure nothing even close to this happens again.The film of the year, Director Steven Mcqueen get ready for the Oscars, thats the biggest complement i can give you, you made a path breaking film!!!!A MUST WATCH FOR ALL HUMAN BEINGS...

영화제목: Fantastic Four
평점: 7	리뷰: I've said it before and I'm saying it once again: Steve McQueen is a visual artist in every sense of the word. He fully understands the power of the image and brilliantly exploits that in channeling his message. McQueen's films are not made to entertain (those who watched Hunger and Shame will know what I mean); his films are made to shock and engage. He uses gruesomeness to shock, and visual beauty to engage.12 Years a Slave is shockingly powerful in its adherence to reality and its details. The audience are forced to watch the graphic whipping and torture scenes, and McQueen unapologetically elongates those scenes and strips them of any non-diegetic music so as to deepen their realistic effect. Watching a man hanged to a tree and trying to keep his toes to the ground for a few seconds is an awful thing to watch, and will naturally instigate feelings of pity and sympathy. However, watching the same man with his relentless endeavors to keep standing on his toes for more than 3 or 4 minutes is definitely an agonizing experience for the viewers. The persistence of the silent and still shot invades your comfort zone and forces you to identify with the man.But being gruesome does not mean the film is not beautiful. Aesthetically speaking, 12 Years a Slave is a cinematographic feat. McQueen's visual trademarks are easily spotted (and admired). Each frame is a triumphant work of art; the placement of the camera, the colors, and the mise-en-scene are all done so carefully that I did not mind having those 'McQueeny' still shots all the time. Each frame is a beautiful painting with an elaborate statement.Performance-wise, all actors excelled, even though some of them had really small roles. And of course, Ejiofor and Fassbender were phenomenal (surprise, surprise!). The only thing I could not understand is the presence of Brad Pitt in the film. His character is small but important in terms of plot line, but to have him pull this weird southern accent of his and talentlessly preach about slavery is completely annoying! I believe Pitt was used only for publicity; just another big name on the movie's poster.I don't know why but whenever I write a review on any of McQueen's movies, I end up writing about McQueen himself and his idiosyncratic style (that's how good he is!). Maybe because it is not about what he presents but how he presents it. 12 Years a Slave is a slavery movie but not the usual slavery-is-bad-don't-do-it-again movies. It goes beyond the main theme and takes you by the hand to gruesome/fragile condition of the human soul.
평점: 3	리뷰: To those who don't like seeing what the reality was like, I advise you to just take a moment and imagine if you had been a slave: "there but for the grace of God go I." Or have you not heard of that one? If you have a legitimate criticism about the film, that's fine. I too was wondering about Solomon's "back story," and it's certainly possible he was a bit of a "sketchy character." To cite that possibility as a reason to dismiss his ordeal, however, demonstrates a lack of humanity. Instead, I would like the director to have figured out a way to make that less conspicuous.In fact, I would rather have seen a different ex-slave's account as the basis for this kind of film. Or what about the subject being one of the major slave rebellions? We could have been shown what plantation life was like first, and then the audience would have to ponder some intriguing questions. Tension could have been built up effectively, whereas here Solomon is rescued with little drama. While this doesn't detract from his account, it does suggest a more creative cinematic approach should have been employed. And while this film is actually not nearly as "graphic" as it could have been, in terms of what some slaves experienced, there isn't much in the way of "sugar coating," and in a sense the brutality becomes the focus of the film. Perhaps because of this, it leaves a somewhat scattered impression.Unlike some critics here, I like the nature shots, and wish there would have been a better use of the scenery. If you don't have an idea of what that might accomplish, I suggest watching "Aguirre, the Wrath of God." And while it's certainly true there wasn't 'much in the way of "comic relief," there didn't need to be. Instead, a more documentary style could have been adopted, and if so, odd or ridiculous mannerisms or situations could have supplied some kind of a break to the brutality presented. Again, the best movie I've seen that succeeds with this approach is "Aguirre..." Some of the things I really liked about this film included the sort of psychodrama aspect to living in this kind of society, as well as the physical proximity that often existed between slave owners and the slaves. It's almost like the slave owners felt the need to think that they controlled the minds of their slaves, though they might say that the slaves did not possess fully human minds. This film does a good job on these accounts. If you want to learn more, I suggest the book, "Honor and Violence in the Old South," though I am not claiming I agree with everything the author argues. And of course there are the primary sources ("slave narratives").Some of the things I really liked about this film included the sort of psychodrama aspect to living in this kind of society, as well as the physical proximity that often existed between slave owners and the slaves. It's almost like the slave owners felt the need to think that they controlled the minds of their slaves, though many would have said that the slaves did not possess fully human minds. This film does a good job on these accounts, giving us a sense of how alien it was from our experiences. If you want to learn more, I suggest the book, "Honor and Violence in the Old South," though I am not claiming I agree with everything the author argues. And of course there are the primary sources (the other "slave narratives"), some of which you can read online for free.

영화제목: Evil Dead
평점: 7	리뷰: It's been 8 years since Fantastic Four Rise of The Silver Surfer and Marvel's 'first family' graced our screens.Now with a new direction and armed with a youthful, talented cast as well as a respected director in Josh Trank at the helm, what could possibly go wrong? Well..it turns out almost everything. Don't get me wrong, it would be unfair to not mention that this film has received a lot of negative press (perhaps unfairly) even in pre-production with certain directions the film was taking (such as Johnny Storm's race and Dr Doom's blogger origins). Regardless, as I entered the screening with popcorn in tow and unaware as to what exactly to expect, the film felt as if it had ended before it even started with it's 100 minute run time. There's absolutely nothing wrong with a a film this length, in fact it's quite nice to have a superhero film that doesn't have a run time of 2+ hours. However, with that that mentioned Josh Trank doesn't get to expand on characters and character development. The end result is that you just don't care about these characters. Now onto that cast and quite a promising one at that. Miles Teller who is fresh off his success with the Oscar Winning film Whiplash, leads this ensemble cast as Reed Richards. He is supported by Kate Mara as Sue Storm, Jamie Bell as Ben Grimm and lastly Michael B Jordan as Sue's brother (how they are brother and sister is addressed and simple to understand) Johnny Storm. I felt that Michael B Jordan faced a lot of unfair criticism due to his casting as Johnny (who in both the comics and previous films is white) as having seen in films such as Josh Trank's very own Chronicle, he has the charisma and charm to pull off Johnny Storm's cocky yet funny attitude. It just raises the question as to why people can't comprehend the idea that maybe choosing the best actor possible for the role is a better choice as opposed to staying in true to comic book origins. There are some parts of the film where you can see the actors looks like they're are having a blast, but this family dynamic that is so prevalent in the comics is entirely missing. In fact, even some characters feel as if they are totally missing and are neglected throughout the majority of the film. Toby Kebbell's Dr Doom is quite one dimensional and it's a shame having recently seen him in Dawn Of The Planet Of The Apes in which he stars as they villainous and rebellious Koba. Overall the cast of this calibre just feel wasted. In terms of GCI I wasn't too impressed, and the film quite clearly has a lower budget than most superhero films, which I guess is understandable given Josh Trank's directorial background and Fox wanting to make as much profit as they possibly can. It just doesn't bode too well on the big screen. In fact, I found it quite ironic having just watched an interesting video by Freddie Wong ( Why CG sucks, expect it doesn't- RocketJump Film School) defending how CG can be brilliant and add to film when used right. Except in this situation, Fantastic Four isn't one of those examples. I also felt that the dialogue was weak and cheesy and there is an especially cringe-worthy scene where the team try to figure out their name. The soundtrack scored by Marco Beltrami and Philip Glass is forgettable and bland. The story is basic and predictable, perhaps not as engaging as I was hoping for it to be. As I mentioned, the films run time prevents it from many things. For instance, tackling themes such as identity could well have separated the Fantastic Four from other superhero films but these are just not addressed well. Ultimately, the film lacks character, heart and well even action. The big battle that one is accustomed to in almost every superhero film is short and there is a lack of tension and danger. It's a shame that all of this talent has been wasted.
평점: 9	리뷰: Movie studios, listen up.1) Don't mess with the formula. If you want a super group that is new and exciting, CREATE YOUR OWN! People go to an F4 movie to see (GASP!) The Fantastic Four!!!! 2) Find a good comic book storyline. They have been out there for years and years.3) Reed Richards is super smart. Sue Storm will be his wife. Johnny Storm is white...and is Sue's brother. Don't mess with that.4) I know you are looking for black audience but don't you think you could bring in one of the black heroes? I like the Black Panther. Luke Cage was great. Or create a new one! Or a cool black villain! It hacks off the purists that you messed with the story line and turning a white hero black has to feel demeaning to the black audience.5) Don't try to do too much with a reboot. Straightforward story would be best. Take a peek at Star Trek: TMP. Basically reintroduced the characters...set the scene, and replayed an established story.6) You have an hour and a half, maybe 2 hours. DON'T Try to do the whole comic book series in one movie. I know that's basically the same thing as number 5, but its so important its worth saying twice
평점: 9	리뷰: No Stan Lee cameo and no extra scene in the trailer! Not to mention the movies just plain sucked. When was the last time a Marvel movie really sucked this much? The acting was horrible. The dialogue was even worse. The plot was just a re-hash of any other superhero movie (Thor: Dark World comes to mind). I mean they put no thought into the plot or the casting. They should have stuck with the original origin story and updated it for the times, like Iron Man. At least that was done somewhat right. Thank goodness I didn't pay to see this movie. Thank you Cineplex for all the Scene points! Hopefully there won't be a sequel!
평점: 10	리뷰: Being a comic book fan from the 90s, I noticed many dissimilarities from the classic origin story and this film. Which were fine, and more in tune with the times. It also made me feel like this was new and potentially exciting.Unfortunately it never led anywhere. By the time they get their powers little of the film remains, and things after that feel rushed and lack credibility. Reed Richards' character acts particularly odd, specially for those used to the comics. Also, the villain's actions made very little sense to me, as well as his powers. Avoiding spoilers, at one point he is apparently stranded, and the next minute he is basically omnipotent.Sue was the nicest character for me, and much smarter than the comic book version. Ben was alright, as was Johnny. Reed seemed off. Doom, despite being miles away from the comic, was pretty interesting.There's very little action in this film, and the final battle is rushed and uninteresting. Dialogue towards the end felt cliché and lame. I sort of regret having paid the full ticket price for this.
평점: 8	리뷰: **Spoiler Containing Review**This could be the worst attempt a comic book movie I've ever seen... So they murdered the characters and origin stories etc..... Which would be almost OK or understandable if they had built the movie for a wider fan base than comic fans, but they didn't even do that. The movie contained less than 10 minutes of action (Thing throws 1 real punch in the entire movie). Dr. Doom's character was stripped from a grumpy, sorcery and technology infused dictator that's trying to "Save" the world in a not so nice fashion, to an angsty console gaming teen that's in the "the gov'meant is evil" phase. The movie is full of teen angst, exchanged between 30 year old actors playing 17 year old kids. Ben Grimm is a tough guy with a rigid (no) personality. By the time he says his catch phrase you don't even want to hear it, because you know there's going to be no heart behind it.Reed Richards is a smart guy with a rigid (no) personality. Except for the first time he tries to get Sue Storm to see how long he can stretch, he shows almost no heart in anything... Sue Storm is a smart lady with a rigid (no) personality. She has to have ear buds in at all times, because that's what kids are doing now days.Johnny Storm is the "wild" card with a tiny bit of personality, but as progressive as turning him black was, the decision quickly loses any and all merit on that front by making him utter blackenized "DAYUMS!" Victor Von Doom is another smart guy with a rigid (no) personality, other than that one time he tried to show Sue Storm how hard his steel shaft can get. Doom (Not Doctor Doom) Is a single minded tortured soul that's been twisted to think he should just destroy earth because someone threw a Butterfingers wrapper in the ditch one time, so if we are going to destroy the planet anyways, he'll just help us out. As opposed to his...every other counterpart, wanting to save the planet/humanity from external threat...but only under his rule does he foresee this.....This movie was created by 40-50 year olds that were trying their best to come up with the things "Kids like these days", and then just shoveled half formed thoughts into an under budgeted, undirected pile of Skrull sh*t.I give it 1 out of 5 stars, and unfortunately even that star is a crappy barely formed brown dwarf, that no one can or should see... Just like this movie.
평점: 7	리뷰: Film starts out with young Reed and future Thing bonding over circuit-blowing experiments in a garage. Flash forward to a high school science fair, and lo, if that isn't Jamie Bell as Ben Grimm. I like Bell, and despite the the slow beginning of this film begin to wake up and pay attention more.Of course, after the creation of the Four, guess which actor totally disappears into being the human boulder - Bell. The only actor in the movie to show a spark of ability. I can't even remember what the other actors looked like, and they got to still look like themselves when not bursting into flames or going invisible.The film moves slooowly. A lot of the scenes are just dark - I mean, is lack of lighting to hide cheap sets or what? The special effects are passable - except for Reed as Mr. Stretchy. Mrs. Incredible did it better and she was obviously a cartoon. Reed just looked a poorly drawn-out special effect trying and failing to look real.Save your money on this one - or go see Antman again. That film was FUN!
평점: 10	리뷰: Just been to see fantastic 4 the reboot. I understand that if you are a big comic book fan you may not like or enjoy this film very much. But the story line is well thought out in parts (ie, the first half of the film) as to make us understand the different the rolls they all play.The main area of this film that was missing was a good/great action scenes. The dramatic or fight seems in the movie were a bit of a let down. They really just didn't get going for me. And in the main fight scene soon as it started, it seemed to be over just as quick. They needed to go the extra mile with this film 1. To shock you a bit more. 2. To make us feel that we were on there side from the start. 3. To make the bad guys just as bad as DoomThere are a few funny parts in the movie, and the casting was great. All of the specialist effects were spot on. I even enjoyed the story line that took us up to the point were they got there powers. They just need to push the boat out a bit more. Maybe have a little more grit in the script.It may not seem that I liked the film, and I came out of the cinema thinking I would give it a higher rating than I have. It does need an other film to set it back on track if they get the chance. I just wanted to see more bang for my buck.
평점: 8	리뷰: Since we're rewriting cultural heritage lets make a movie and cast Meryl Streep as Rosa Parks and then pretend we don't understand when somebody notices.Beyond the most obvious casting flaws is the fact that this movie is pure garbage. They just kind of named some unrelated movie 'Fantastic Four' so they could license the pictures to soda companies. - I'm sick of it.This is just the latest example of Hollywood bait and switch. They buy a name that rings a bell of familiarity, and then ram a bunch of unrelated crap down your throat.Don't waste your money. Go rent a classic that fits in the same genre like the original Conan. You'll enjoy yourself far more and you won't feel like you need to take a shower when it's over.
평점: 9	리뷰: "Fantastic Four" (2015) is a dismal, abysmal, painfully-lame action movie based on the legendary comic book of the same name. What goes right in this picture? Almost nothing.Our lead actor Miles Teller (Reed Richards) has the face of a turtle without its shell. And he wears glasses. This does not stop director Josh Trank from doing endless closeups of Miles' chubby, geeky, inexpressive face.The entire pace of the film is off, with far too much time being spent on the origins of the Fantastic Four gaining their super-powers. By the time the characters actually go to fight crime there's twenty minutes left in the film, and the finale is a humiliating rush of action clichés so predictable that even the children in my theater had lost interest and were talking in their seats.The entire second act of the story- in which the Four test out Reed's inter-dimensional transporter- is triggered by the team getting drunk one night and deciding that traveling to another dimension would be "really cool." Reed even calls his best friend & basically says, "Dude! You gotta get over here! This is freaking' awesome!" No explanation is given for the other dimension, for HOW the four gain their powers from traveling there, how the team gets back to their home dimension or how they magically arrive back on Earth at the end of the film. This is sloppy writing that slaps you in the face and laughs at the fact that you paid for your ticket.A sub-plot about Reed escaping from the military facility at which the Four are being held goes nowhere, accomplishes nothing, and fails to further the story or characters in any way.The cast shares ZERO chemistry, the "jokes" fall instantly flat, and the final scene of the film- where Reed suggests the group come up with a cool name for themselves- is awkward and sad:THING: This place is fantastic.REED: Wait a minute- say that again...Yup. That's it, folks. That's how they got the name Fantastic Four. My face was red for everyone involved in making this hot manure sandwich. Bad music, dull actors, blank faces, dialogue by Mrs. Johnson's second-grade class, zero conflict, cheesy visuals, and no story.Is that enough or are you actually still thinking about watching this movie?GRADE: D-
평점: 8	리뷰: When Fox announced that they would reboot FF with the director of one of my all time favorite films, Chronicle, i was hugely excited. Then the teaser trailer seemed pretty good.Bun then things started to get complicated, the trailers seemed just bland and uninteresting, the director seemed to getting highly negative buzz, and now i know what happened with him and the star wars drama. He was fired. And thank God for that! What a disappointment with a director that showed so much potential with his first film. I wouldn't want him anywhere near Star Wars!And then the horrible, terrible, no good, very bad reviews came out, one after another. But i went to the theater, just for curiosity, to get my own opinion and mainly because i'm very stubborn. And...This is probably the worst comic book movie ever made. And one of the worst films ever made too. I mean it's watchable, but only for one reason, the cast. They are the saving grace of this film, and its a shame such great actors are wasted in this. They try to make what they can with what they have, which is nothing.The film has a first few minutes that while not good, are satisfying to some extent, and while the buildup is just plain "what the hell were they thinking?!" it passed, and OK i don't mind, but when this buildup lasts for an hour in an 1 hour and half movie, i think it pretty much says everything. I mean OK, they could keep this strange buildup if the film was a lot longer and had at least a resemblance to a pay off, but...No. I think the script is definitely the worst thing in this film, by far. Its one of the worst scripts ever written. Let me tell you what happens in an hour: Reed builds something, Ben helps him because, no one believes him, 7 years pass, someone believes them, they build a bigger version of that something, they travel to a terrible planet or whatever because they are drunk, they get the powers, and 1 year goes by. All of this moves at snail speed.One of the worst things is how they focus on everything they shouldn't, the most mundane things! Then when they should focus on the highly interesting ideas and stuff that happened in that 1 year after for example, they don't. They basically say all that in a previously on FF under 30s type of thing, and its so much stuff! Like The thing working for the military, on numerous missions, which would be awesome to see, but no. Or what happened to Reed. Then they return to the planet, the villain appears for 5 minutes, a rushed, stupid, dumb climax and the film is over.To call the script uninspired, lazy, dumb as hell, a piece of crap, wouldn't be enough to say how bad it is. There's no plot, no character development or something that resembles this, no logic, really there's no logic or sense in anything in this script, the dialogue is just soooo bad and odd, that forces the actors to look awkward as hell. Then there's an action scene, really i'm not kidding, one action scene that qualifies as such, in the last 5 minutes. And its bad, really bad. This couldn't be further from being a comic book movie or a blockbuster, this just seems like a bad documentary or something. The visual effects are great, the production design is meh at best, the score is fine, i mean the composer could do much with this material. The sound is meh at best and the cinematography i think it's fine, a little darker, but its fine.But you know, i don't blame the director, because no matter how terrible his direction is, or how terrible his vision is, thats his vision, period. I blame the Studio, Fox. Because how on earth could they read this script and greenlight it?! How?! Just how?! And how did they spent 120 million on a film that seems to take place in a warehouse the entire film with nothing happening?! They should have hired a director that presented them a great script and vision. But I guess not. How could Fox believe this would be a great remake?! I will never know. This is one of the most odd, strangest, awkward, mundane, dull, weird, films ever made. They could develop tons of important things, and there's some good ideas, but i guess the film then would have like 2h or something and that would be just stupid. 0 plot, 0 development, 0 characterization, The thing appears for 5 minutes, and Ben is just there because, the villain appears for 5 minutes and he's, bad? i guess. People say things they never do, people do things wee never see, people talk about things they should never talk about, we see things that no one cares about. What a stupid film. This is the end of the FF movies. Don't watch this. Hell watch the original films, at least they were entertaining in their own way.
평점: 8	리뷰: Really isn't fantastic, more so average, but why? It seems this series of marvel characters always have a hard time being on the big screen. Is it the actually film and film making itself or is it the characters and plot leading me to debate, if Joss Whedon did the movie would it be any better? Could it be that the powers these characters possess are kinda insignificant when compared the rest of the marvel universe? The background story isn't exactly fantastic either and it can't be easy trying to make a movie with four main characters. It only works with Avengers because we got introduced to each character individually before them uniting. I enjoyed Josh Trank's chronicle and you can see the same gritty darkness emitting here in this Fantastic Four. But I don't think this, or any of the previous F4 films for that matter have been well casted. I like Miles Teller, especially his Whiplash performance and I'm a massive Toby Kebbell fan because of Dead Man's Shoes and Rocknrolla. Even his smaller, sillier roles make me enjoy a movie more. But both roles here aren't amazing. The rest of the cast, okay but that's all. Again I don't think there's anything the audience can relate to or feel anything with these characters. They're not anymore likable as heroes then when they were before they had super powers. It's like they wanted to make the characters geeky scientists that have had a rough time being kids in hope to earn the audience's empathy. They did try very well to get this human element across, the friendship bond between Grimm and Reed, and the parental/sibling struggle between the Storms, mix that with Doom's unworthy ambition that manifests into home world destruction and you have a fantastic mess. Kate Mara I think has a face that'll suit the next Planet of the Apes movie, no offence, but she does. Bad call on using CGI over prosthetics for Grimm's Thing, yet it looks like they used toilet roll tubes and green LEDs to portray Doom. Who could have been, should have been such a bad ass and instead give him Vader like powers. And Michael B. Jordan seems to lack the flare Chris Evans had in the previous ones. (Pun intended). Reg E. Cathey's voice is amazing though, he sounds like a transformer! His voice would be perfect for Soundwave! The plot line isn't new nor is it interesting, and the beginning felt more like a remake of Explorers, (no they shouldn't, or could they? Love that movie) Reed being River Phoenix's Wolfgang and Grimm being Darren Woods. Then it turns into Space Camp! They breach another otherworldly dimension, upset the planet's chemistry and pay the consequences returning to Earth as US military experiments. You don't see much superhero action, even at this stage. And The Thing's action is seen mainly second hand from a monitor. The thing is a bit of a whinge bag of stones, think sadsack but as a rock. He wines "help me" more times than saying "it's clobbering time". Plus he doesn't wear any pants. And what's with that force field!? Again, Explorers! It felt like a cheap shot with them flying around in it as an escape pod that ripped off Stark's reentry in Avengers Assemble. It's a let down but with the bad press going about, it was expected. As Sue Storm would say, there's a pattern here. There is no Stan Lee cameo, and no sneaky extra scene hinting at a sequel which isn't a bad thing. Leave it as the only one, not a terrible two. The not so Fantastic Four.
평점: 7	리뷰: Very bloody and pretty scary reboot with no-nonsense approach to gore that not quite on par with its predecessor but definitely stands out from the string of modern horrors. The main problem is the screenplay which tries to add some "life" to main characters but fails miserably. As a result the movie comes to a halt near the end when surviving characters start digging into their family problems - it'd be better to leave these sentiments on the cutting room floor. Nevertheless, if you are horror film fan, new Evil Dead is definitely worth your time and money. P.S. And It's almost humorless, the only exception is I will feast on your soul! - Feast on this! *and the chainsaw comes into play
평점: 10	리뷰: I attended a premiere tonight here in Austin, TX for a film I've been anticipating for a long time. Normally I despise remakes (excpetion: 2011's The Thing,) but Evil Dead, this 2013 version directed and co-written by Fede Alvarez and with Sam Rami and Bruce Campbell as two of the film's producers, blew my mind. Now it not on a par with the original, and it is definitely not "the most terrifying film you will ever experience," but damn... still, it was, with out a doubt, the scariest movie I have seen in a long time. And I watch a LOT of horror movies. Pop-up after pop-up and twist after twist, it is absolutely relentless. Despite its brilliance, as with any film there are flaws. The opening scene doesn't do the rest of the movie justice, I don't know to me it didn't seem to fit in too well. And some of the dialogue is slightly cheesy. However, those bits of cheesiness are made up for with surprising performances from all of the cast. But overall, it is fantastic. Once it gets going, it doesn't slow down. On the contrary, it only seems to pick up. As a film buff, one thing that I found awesome was the absence of CGI. In fact, all the effects are man-done, going old school with it. I had never heard of Fede Alvarez until today, but he is an impressive director and I have high expectations for him. Evil Dead does not disappoint, and has plenty of homage to the original trilogy (Evil Dead fans prepare to get ready!. A must-see film; just remember, it's NOT the original. "It's not a remake; it's a rebirth." He couldn't be more right.
평점: 8	리뷰: AyeLewisTheRoadWarrior I am calling you out by name. 1) I question whether you truly watched this movie or you're just upset that this movie was re- visioned. 2) You're just lambasting the film because it is not "The Evil Dead 4"? 3)You're just a troll.....That being said.For main stream I can say I do not know how this got an MPAA R-rating as this when it comes to horror should have been an NC-17. While this is not in the realm of "A Serbian Film", "cannibal Holocaust" or films along those likes this stands its ground. I personally think that the characters were almost written to be bland so that when all hell is breaking loose they can convince when needed. Jane Levy is just amazing when it comes to portraying what absurdities that she has to go to. I will not say much more than that of the 1200 who attended the premier last night, a couple hundred left because they could not stomach the gore or intensity of the film. That is as matter of fact that I will get, with one thing. The tree scene in the original was taken to a whole new level in this movie. While it is not the original film I am glad it did not try to remake it 100% but pays homage the way it needed and when the pace picked up it never let off the pedal. Sam Raimi and Bruce Campbell and Fede Alvarez. Thank you and I can't wait for the sequel that you all said was being scripted already.
평점: 7	리뷰: After all the crappy remakes, the awful Exorcist movies, and the crummy Paranormal Activity sequels, horror fans can breath a sigh of relief. We have a movie well worth being called a "horror" movie.The Evil Dead remake is not only the best horror movie of the past 20 years, but probably the best Remake ever. Everything was done with perfection, the atmosphere, the music, the performances, the pace of the story, everything! Now most people are wondering, "Is it scary?". Well its not only scary, its absolutely terrifying!!! I had nightmares after I watched this movie!! Trust me it is scary as hell!! A classic in the horror genre!Granted the only thing I didn't like about it, is that Bruce Campbell didn't at least make a cameo appearance, like as a gas station worker or some hitchhiker or something, but honestly thats the only problem I had! It stayed faithful to the original and doesn't do anything to the originals story, all it does is modernize it.Now the movie isn't perfect, and it wont win Oscars or anything like that, but for all horror fans and people who just want to be scared, this movie does all of you justice and WILL scare you!!10/10
평점: 1	리뷰: After watching oz the great and powerful i realized it was just a cute kids flick so i needed to please my bloody desires with some out of this world insanity. So we drove down to Austin and entered the paramount theater (not going to get into details since i had never been to Austin before and was going for the evil dead i do live in Texas though, anyways) and as the screams and madness filled the theater i could not believe what i was witnessing it was everything i wanted and more, and thats coming from an old school horror fan i absolutely loved the original but have never seen the 2nd one or army of darkness (i will though) but if you really give this film a chance and forget about the original and accept it for a new take on the story you will love it. Some characters i did find quite annoying like David was kind of Annoying... i did enjoy Jessica Lucas character even though one could argue her death was rather nerve wracking, i did like Mia, probably the best character in the movie and Lou Taylor Pucci was really good in this would like to see more from him he was convincing and thats all that matters. The movie had beautiful cinematography, the acting was superb from most of the cast, story was good but actually could have been better, the twist(s) were unpredictable, directing was mediocre i felt kind of awkward through the 2nd half. The movie shines when it delivers on the gore and outrageous mutilation but i wanted this to be more than a gore fest i wanted at least the next "A nightmare on elm street" but the movie makes up for its flaws at the end. OVERALL: Don't miss this horror film it may not be our next THE SHINING but it is one hell of a good fun bloody time and even you end up hating the movie you will admire the death scenes and the mayhem in this movie,blood rain, demon lesbian, exorcist like antagonist, extremely bloody and violent death scenes (WARNING! this movie is really sadistic, Alvarez crossed the line, its like watching a sick rapist murder fantasies come to life this is a very dark and just disturbing film and it all looks good), and let me just say i really enjoyed the tree rape scene... this movie is horror fanatic paradise, and last but not least this is not a remake its a new vision of EVIL, on April 5 let it consume you. Its the best movie I've seen so far this year other than side effects, experience it. (if only it was in IMAX) This movie kicked Ass!
평점: 1	리뷰: 5 friends go up to a cabin in the woods to help one of them detox from some drugs. Going cold turkey proves to be more difficult when the uncover an ancient book of the dead, which is bound in human flesh and inked in human blood. When one reads from the pages, it unleashes an evil so grotesque and profound that nothing can stop it. Of course, someone reads from it....Let me tell you where this review is coming from. I LOVE the original to death, it's my favourite horror film of all time. I've seen the red band trailer and I read the script, so I knew exactly what was going to happen. Did that hinder my enjoyment of the film? A bit, knowing some twists in the narrative makes the film lose some freshness, but I don't think the decision to stay true to the script was not all that great a choice. The film is a flawed attempt from people who love the source material. I can still give this remake a passing grade.Where the film excels is the most obvious point I or anyone else will make in their reviews. The practical effects, mainly the gore. With only a few noticeable scenes in CGI blood, this film decides to use the gore that most horror fans are use to. It looks real, feels real and is actually refreshing to see. People were sad about the news of an Evil Dead remake until the RedBand trailer came out and they saw the carnage on screen. Most of the 'shocking' gore bits are in the trailer (tongue slice, face saw, arm cut, etc) So I don't think there will be a lot of surprises here, but they excel at presenting it in such an over the top, yet serious fashion. The film looks great with some nice camera movements that add to the unsettling atmosphere. Once the crap hits the fan, it's a no holds barred blood fest. This remake plays it straight, offering little to no camp that can be found in the original series. There are obvious winks and nods to the original, involving chainsaws, hands and tweaked famous lines, but for the most part this entry tries to separate itself from the original. This is where it succeeds and fails in my opinion. The reason they are there is a nice little way of keeping them there. One character has to detox from drugs, so obviously she will be the first one who senses something is wrong here but no one will believe her cause she's coming down from the drugs. This is the little bit of character background they try to squeeze in. This film is not concerned so much with character backstories, yet they try to present some to the audience. It makes for an odd and slow build up for the carnage. When it hits, we don't care about any of them either. I even forgot that the girlfriend was there because she disappears for most of the first act only to show up for her own gruesome scene.The film is not scary at all. I was terrified of the original, this one didn't even have me jump at those cheap jump scares. I was scared of the cellar in Raimi's version. Here I think it is just gross. That's the main theme the film wants to get across it seems. It wants to gross you out, not terrify you, not make you smile, not make you care about anyone, just make you squirm at the blood. I have to give the film props for at least trying to separate itself from the original by making the story a bit of its own thing. Whether or not this works is another story. The one giant misstep, in my opinion, is when they try to make the evil and actual thing. The book reads that HE is coming, HE wants your soul, etc. The evil should not be characterized by a single demonic entity. I always envisioned the evil dead as multiple dead scary things. This is one direction that the film takes to separate itself, it fails in that aspect. Finally, the climax of the film. There is one scene just before the climax, I have to add, which is mind boggling dumb. I was rolling my eyes reading the script and had hopes they would change it, they don't. Never before has the evil been so easily defeated and never more have I been so disappointed at a story choice. After that we get a bit of a character shift and the climax is a bloody mess. Again, this chase sequence feels less Evil Dead and more Friday the 13th stalker-ish. While it is thrilling to watch and ending with a bang, it feels out of place. This Evil Dead is gruesome, but some fun is to be had. A flawed remake that could have been so much worse. For those interested, there is a little after the credits bit that, even though feels half-assed, is a nice fan service moment.
평점: 1	리뷰: Fellow horror fans, this is the movie you have been waiting for. This  is the gory horror film that is unlike any other film you have ever  seen! Most gory films have one or two really gory scenes, but Evil Dead  has gore throughout the entire film, beginning to end. Evil Dead is the  ultimate bloody roller-coaster that all of us horror junkies have been  waiting for and it does not disappoint. Evil Dead is not only creepy,  scary and gory, but it is phenomenally perfect. The acting is  excellent, the cinematography is beautiful and the minor details are  perfection. I am confident that you will enjoy yourself, if you truly  love horror and gore. Evil Dead is the ultimate gore-fest!   Here are a couple of tips to prepare you for the Evil Dead experience:  1. Don't eat before you see the film 2. Stay till the very end. There  is a special cameo after the credits. 3. Dress comfortable enough to  squirm in your seat 4. Duck Tape is an unexpected hero (you'll  understand after you watch) 5. And prepare yourself to witness the  perfect American horror movie!
평점: 2	리뷰: I saw an advanced screening of Evil Dead in San Diego and this was one wild ride! First off, don't go in expecting the greatest character development. If you go into this movie looking for character development and such, you are sadly not in the right mindset. Remember how you approached the Evil Dead trilogy? Did you look for character development there? You go for the pure entertainment with the horror, laughs, and gore. This remake, it's the same sort of approach, only it's a huge emphasis on the gore. The gore really delivers in gallons here as there is not a single moment that is dull. Once things start going crazy, they never let up and this movie just becomes insane.Was it a scary movie? Well, people did scream. I got chills on some parts, and you are constantly on the edge of your seat as you just don't know what to anticipate with each ticking second. I'd say it can be labeled as pretty scary at times.The acting was solid all across the board. Levy gives the best performance as Mia. She really made you love or hate her and it was to both extremes. The characters were likable overall, despite you not really getting to know them all too well. Then again, did you get to know all of the characters that well in the original Evil Dead? You did not and it is a cult classic. There were some nods to the originals, but I will not say what they were as I feel everyone should experience it.This movie was an awesome ride with all kinds of blood and crazy moments. This movie will stick with you and it won't completely sink in because, let's face it, you're eager to see the next installment in the Evil Dead franchise. Typing this review, I can say that this movie has not completely sunk in. Great stuff! As for the post-credits, I say ask yourself: would you stay after the credits for a Marvel movie? That should give you a good idea there.
평점: 7	리뷰: The Most Terrifying Film You Will Ever Experience? That may be a bit hyperbolic (it looks good on the poster) but this new Evil Dead is certainly a lot of fun. The movie starts off with a bang (quite literally) and then we join our five 20 somethings on their way to the cabin in the woods. This time around they're not there to engage in partying and sex. Mia's friends and her brother David (the first letter of each of their names spells out DEMON) have dragged her to their mother's old cabin as a drug free, get clean retreat. The movie doesn't quite seem sure if it wants to be an addiction allegory with Mia literally fighting her demons or if it just wants to use her heroin addiction as an excuse for why these characters are at the cabin and later, why none of Mia's friends believe her when weird things begin to happen.The film's biggest flaw is that it amps you up at the beginning and then introduces quite a bit of exposition. We hear a lot about Mia's addiction, how David left her with her mother...etc. etc. While I'm not opposed to a horror movie fleshing out it's characters, it only seems to care about fleshing out two (the others are just Deadites waiting to happen) and it does so with a decent amount of downtime before the horror. I read a review that stated that the original Evil Dead films had characters who were defined by how they handled and reacted to the horror, not what happened before the horror and I believe this is the re-make's biggest sin. Yet even the exposition is made tolerable by clever winks at what's to come.Exposition aside, this film does SO much right. Winks at the original films are all over the place, from Raimi's car to Mia sporting a Michigan State sweatshirt, to a necklace that looks awfully similar to Linda's in the original Evil Dead. Oh yeah and one word: chainsaw.The movie revs up once Eric (the third most fleshed out character after Mia and David) discovers the Necronomicon. This Necronomicon looks less like a face stretched across a book and more like someone sewed several chunks of flesh together. When Eric finds it it is wrapped in a plastic bag and barbed wire. This doesn't turn Eric away any more than the writing carved in the book explicitly telling him not to read the incantations. In fact Eric takes a rubbing of the crossed out translations.It is then that all hell breaks loose. Throughout the movie the Necronomicon shows pictures of each stage of horror. At times you wish the book didn't spoil what was going to happen but other times it adds to the tension. One scene in particular works especially well because the book has shown you what is going to happen.While the movie isn't exactly "terrifying" it is often cringe inducing and those looking for blood, gore and practical effects will find a lot to love here. For those fans of the original who can't fathom a remake, especially without Bruce Campbell's Ash, give it a shot. This is what every recent horror movie remake should have been, a loving homage to the original film.P.S. Stay after the credits. It's Groovy.
평점: 8	리뷰: Here's everything you need to know about this move. IMDb ratings to date are 9.8 for 18-and-under, 8.0 for aged 18-29, 7.1 for 30-44 and 7.5 for 45-older.You don't have to be a mathematician to figure out what's going on with this reboot: The people who loved the original refuse to like this one, and those who either haven't seen or don't care about the original love the reboot on its own terms, and for the same reasons. Like it or not, the flavor of movies and genres change just like everything else, and the bloody/campy horror of the 1980s just isn't the horror of today. Kids (and kids ARE the target audience for this reboot, aging hipsters) relate to the world differently than we do. They have a whole different catalog of experiences and expectations for horror, and they're scared of different things.I'm 32, so I'm right on the line of Gen X and the Millennials, and I didn't see the original until 15 years after it came out. I liked it, and I knew it was a great horror movie, but I didn't worship it like my older sister and her friends did. But, bear in mind that by the time I saw it, the first Scream movie was only a year away. Standards change, and so do people. And the simple fact is that this movie's target audience (teenagers and early-20s) love it on its own terms. That's the same thing people would have been forced to say about now-crotchety hipsters back in the 1980s.The fact is, this is a great horror movie for our times, and for the audience it was meant for. Yes, if you're over 26, Evil Dead is ridiculously gory, seems soulless, contains gratuitous tree-torture-porn, and the actors are neither recognizable, interesting nor original. The thrills seem cheap, the action cynical and the dialog is a bit too self-consciously witty. But that's what this audience grew up with, and its what draws them in. To them, Scream is "classic horror."So, as a wise man once said: If the music's too loud, you're too old.
평점: 10	리뷰: As a loyal Evil Dead fan I was a little disappointed with some of the alterations to the Original's most acclaimed scenes. But once again Rami's signature blunt absurdity gave this movie a clever wit of its own. The frustrating stupidity of the characters that can obviously only end badly somehow manages to nicely spark a natural curiosity to see the next sudden scare. The new Evil Dead is extremely gory, definitely scary and very creepy. The well done graphic images are hard to forget and likely to give nightmares. As far as horror movies go I think the new rendition stands on its own merit. And it had to at the advanced screening in Sacramento when the studio surprised the excited fans by announcing that they would be giving away special Evil Dead t-shirts for the premier. But then when they brought them out silently walked past those fans all the way to the back of the line and began handing them to people just arriving and then each person starting from the back of the line.
평점: 3	리뷰: I have to say the cinematography was amazing and the director did a great job.There were parts of the film that were actually funny! Perhaps the audience just needed a good laugh since there are some scary moments in there. I'm not sure if it was intentional on behalf of the director to have one of the characters be really weird and funny (the nerdy guy) but I hope it was cause no one could take his character seriously.I'm personally not a fan of gore films so the excessive blood failed to creep me out, unlike my friend who screamed every time there was blood on screen (spoiler alert??). Overall a great horror film, but with a tinge of comedy, which personally makes any horror film less scary (i.e. Insidious)
평점: 8	리뷰: Saw this in Kansas City couple of days ago! Wow! This was an amazing movie! The cast was great, The Cinematography was beautiful, and The Music was amazing! Fede Alvarez did a fantastic job directing this movie! The best part of this movie is No CGI, only practical effects! The effects was amazing as well! This was a well done remake! Stayed true to the original but at the same time adding a new twist to the story! The approach on why the teenagers go to the cabin instead of going there partying and get laid like the original was really good, it really makes this remake more realistic than the original, but my point is i love the different approach of this remake! Check it out April 5th and stay after the credits!
평점: 10	리뷰: This movie was perhaps the most entertaining I've seen in over a year. What really did it, for me, was the fact that it was deliciously creepy without taking itself too seriously. I'm not sure if it was the particular audience I watched the movie with (College students at Michigan State, appropriately enough), or just the movie itself, but the crowd was more audible than any other I've been in, and that's including some opening night showings for comic book flicks. There was a lot of screaming, and just as much laughing for the many, I believe intentionally, corny moments throughout the film. If you like horror movies, this will definitely be a sight for sore eyes.
평점: 9	리뷰: When I initially heard about a remake to Evil Dead, I was a little disappointed. I was never a huge fan of the original film, but the sequels remain two of the most wildly entertaining films I have ever seen. With my doubts in mind, everything changed the moment I saw the first red-band trailer. And now after catching a screening of the film last week, I wonder why I doubted Fede Alvarez's re-imagining in the first place.Five friends venture to a cabin to help Mia (Jane Levy) kick her drug habit. Things are not as they seem from the very start, but it only gets worse after Mia's claims she was attacked by a demon in the forest. Her friends just think she is adjusting badly to going cold turkey, but strange occurrences start to take place within the cabin, and it quickly becomes obvious that Mia is not quite herself. I went in with low expectations, but Alvarez does a great job bringing the film to life. It hints at and replays certain key moments from the original series, but for the most part, Evil Dead is very much its own individual thing: a re-imagining that exists all on its own. The story is not all too important here, but it does more than enough to move the film along from beginning to end; something the horror remake genre has botched all too often. Better yet, Evil Dead never feels like it is struggling to live up to lofty comparisons, and seems very content at having fun mercilessly torturing these five young people. Fans will love seeing how Alvarez reinterprets some of the franchise's most popular scenes, but non-fans will still get a hint of glee seeing just how depraved the film quickly becomes. It may take a while to get there, but it never lets up afterwards.The trailers and marketing elements suggest that the film is terrifying. Indeed the trailer was absolutely horrifying. But I found myself not so much scared as why I was mortified by some of the kills and ludicrous ideas inflicted on the cast. I say ideas mainly because some things that happen should result in a criminal diagnosis on everyone involved. The film is definitely not for the squeamish, and revels in the amount of blood and gore it spills at every turn. It uses the original franchise as a barometer, and then throws it out the window in favour of being more "inventive" and eclectic with its choices. The trailers may have prepared you for some of the brutality, but it only hints at the lingering after-effects. Expect to hear a lot about the vivid and fully realized makeup effects – they are so much better than you could have ever imagined, and are light-years ahead of the minuscule CGI effects employed during the film.For how enjoyable and loving a tribute this re-imagining is to Raimi's work, there is still plenty wrong with it. Roque Baños' score, although tense throughout, is way too serious and overbearing for the film. It helps create plenty of frightening moments sprinkled generously throughout the film, but I feel like it belonged in a much different film. It never gels quite properly with the tone of the film, and feels off even in the minute sections where it does work. Much the same goes for the prologue that opens the film – a totally new invention of Alvarez and crew. It tries to set the tone for what is coming, and tries its very best to totally set itself apart from the original films (even going so far as to introduce an actual "identity" to the demons possessing the precocious young adults), but ends up feeling totally out of place. About halfway through the film, I forgot it even happened because of how little it affects what comes after. Why bother adding it in the first place?While I take issue with a number of idiosyncrasies involving a bizarre third act twist I should have seen coming, my bigger concern is with the characterization of everyone except Mia. Their driving force is to help her get better and rid her of her drug dependency, but they seem to have no other motivations outside of that. Lou Taylor Pucci's character Eric unleashes the demons in the first place, but he never really gives any hint of why he commits this act of malice or even how he can read it so well. Elizabeth Blackmore's Natalie is a glorified stage prop, frequently disappearing for whole scenes at a time, only to reappear when the film suddenly needed her to be on hand for reaction shots. The only reason I had any idea of who this character is supposed to be was because she shows up with Fernandez at the beginning of the film. Should she have already been hanging out at the cabin, I do not think we would have been afforded that luxury. But I digress. For what it is, and for what I can only assume most people expected, Evil Dead is a satisfying, albeit bloody mess of a movie. It does enough right, and does an admirable job being its own film – as opposed to coasting along on the tail of the original film. With a little bit more work, this could have been a significantly greater film. But whether you look at it as pieces or in the sum of its parts, it is more than worthwhile to see.7.5/10.
평점: 4	리뷰: Far too much emphasis on blood and gore effects at the expense of quality acting, coherent writing, addictive story, skillful direction and genuinely horrific shocks. And this seems to be the common strain among critics. A fixation on guts and bone. An almost complete neglect of everything else.Raimi made a classic film. A masterpiece. It had balance. Great actors. Great ORIGINAL story. Exceptional gore effects. Superb direction. Hilarious humor. Terrifying shocks. So why call this new film "Evil Dead"? Just release it under another name. Its not a remake. Its a pale, insipid, soulless imitation.I'm glad I saw it for free.1/10
평점: 2	리뷰: I cant stand why Hollywood do the movie and call the remake when not like first movie. This called Evil Dead but it not Evil Dead like first Evil Dead. It normal cheap horror movie with the cabin and the blood. It have normal the teenager and normal the bad acting. Normal the gore and normal the one survivor hero who kill the badness. That is OK because that is normal. But it not Evil Dead. Why they try and lie to the people by saying it is remake? It not the remake. It only have one or two thing in first movie like necromonicon the chainsaw and girl in the basement. Everything else is different and not the Evil Dead. No laughing in the movie like other the Evil Dead. No the scares and the fright. Just gore to cover story not in.I not like fake Evil Dead. I not like the normal splatter movie with Evil Dead label. This dishonest lie and not what should do to try and get audience. Should just make own film and let people think good or bad with out fake name.I sure you agree.
평점: 5	리뷰: I never thought I would become a grumpy old man, but it seems this state has now reached me in my mid thirties.To put it bluntly, this film is the cinematic version of edible gloop, served in a jar, then fed to dribbling teenagers with unrefined tastes. It lacked the spine and balance to be called a good horror film. It lack the originality and imagination to be called a cult classic. It has too much senseless meat, bone, sinew and cartilage to be considered a mainstream frightener. Basically, this seems to have been made for blood-hungry gamers, who are happiest when seeing the human body blown, ripped or torn asunder.The story is a vacuous imitation of the Raimi classic. A few similar plot devices, but without the charm, thrills, personalities and originality. What it had more of was blood. Barrels of it. No tension or fear. Just thick, meaty blood. Those gamers will be extremely well fed.Please stop doing this to us, Hollywood. Please stop exhuming original classic films from their rightful place of rest, giving them a cheap modern makeover, then foisting them upon us like they are a new dish, created by the world's finest chefs. They aren't. They are tasteless, nauseating mush and only willingly consumed by tasteless, nauseating drones.1/5
평점: 1	리뷰: Why why why why why did I get excited for this film? Why do I keep doing this to myself? A horror remake with modern gore effects and a fresh take on the best the eighties have to offer. It has to be a winner right? WRONG! This is the latest in a long line of horror remakes that just fails in almost every dept. Texas Chainsaw Massacre. Halloween. Elm street. Omen. Hills Have Eyes. I Spit On Your Grave. The Fog. Fight Night. Friday 13th. Amityville. I kid you not, i paid to see them all. Lined up for pre screenings or opening midnight showings. Always excited. Always disappointed afterwards. In many cases, I was more gutted than the slasher victims on screen. The only two remakes that were decent was The Thing prequel and The Crazies.At least Evil Dead didn't skimp on the blood and guts. There was plenty. But it did not have an effect. Too much of something may as well be none at all for the impact on the viewer.My biggest gripe is it just wasn't scary. I was pumped when I saw the promo posters saying it was the scariest film ever. But it wasn't even the scariest film I have seen this week. The cast tried, but they were either too drab and lifeless when alive or overacting and too animated when dead. Happy medium reached NOT! All in all, they would have been better off leaving the original film as is, to show what a great low budget horror film should look like. now when teenagers hear of the horror film 'Evil Dead', they will think of this pile of trash instead of a verified classic.
평점: 1	리뷰: Got a chance to fly out to LA and see this at an advanced screening at the Grauman's Chinese Theater which was fun. I had never seen the full original movie just parts of it so while I watched it I wasn't comparing it to anything and was just taking the movie for what it was worth.Going into it I knew it was going to be a blood and guts type of horror movie that is meant to make you cringe at parts and jump at others (There's also some comedic relief moments especially Lou's character Eric) And that's exactly what it does! This isn't some complex script, its a simple, fun horror movie that is not necessarily a remake but a re-imagining of the original (which I watched after seeing this version to compare the two) It actually takes parts from both Evil Dead I and II and combines them in parts but the basics with the Book of the Dead and the possession of the people at the cabin remain the same.Also be sure to stick around for the credits and after the credits for a couple special throwbacks to the original.
평점: 1	리뷰: I can't understand the Fanboys and the Fanboy wannabe's giving this excellent Horror any sort of a chance, because they have this infantile manner where they simply give a film 1/10 which is a pathetic attempt at proving themselves right. I know for a fact they have been hanging about the reviews to give a bad score for every review that says anything positive about this film. I watched the reviews myself one afternoon and there is a review which is one of the last reviews thanks to the Fanboys and when the header was changed to show admiration for the film it went from 98/277 to 91/277 over the course of a few hours. That is "proof positive" that this is going on. Pretty pathetic if you ask me.This film should not be compared with 'The Evil Dead' because they may have the same/similar characters 'and' has been approved by Bruce and Raime but one is a comedy and this is clearly not. It's a hard core gross out Horror and has perhaps the most graphic scenes ever to grace the silver screen. This follows the story faithfully but lacks any humour at all. I have mixed feelings about Comedy/Horror because most of the time the Comedy is used to allow the filmmaker (I mean the "not very good" film makers) to use it like when they know they can't pull off any real scares so they dumb it down and have the actors doing the same take, more or less but get them to do it in a silly way. This movie is all scares and hacking bits off etc. If you're looking for atrocious acting and loads of blood then this film is definitely you.Brilliant scary movie. I strongly advise you to go see this but make sure you have company with you for both moral and physical support.Highly RecommendedYou have been reading Buster Gonad and his unfeasibly large testicles.
평점: 9	리뷰: This reanimated remake of the classic Evil Dead starts out a view askew from the original, but heads off into the general known storyline before things get completely out of hand. The characters get just enough back story washed over them to make the premise make sense without relying on flashbacks or any other tired story telling technique.Once the action begins there isn't a drawn out waiting period between actions points but it's not all jammed down your throat like a chainsaw right at once either. It maintains a fairly good pace throughout and doesn't deviate from the story for any meaningless asides.Fans of the original will be well pleased so long as they are aren't too obsessed and afraid of a little change. Newcomers completely oblivious to what they are getting themselves into will either be turned away by the blood and gore or find themselves entertained by a well spun modern retelling of Sam Raimi's cult film from 1981.There were times I laughed, times I cringed, and at one point I flinched just a little bit. Granted I'm an avid horror fan so I don't jump so easily, but they got me once. If you're looking for a genuine scare, this might be the movie to do it for you. If you love gore and have been waiting on a movie that doesn't rely solely on it for 90 minutes, this might be for you. But if you take yourself too seriously and think there is no way an Evil Dead movie without Bruce Campbell could be good, just stay at home and miss out on one of the few excellent remakes ever made.
평점: 9	리뷰: I could literally blog every day for at least 3 months on the things that irritated me about this film.I will recap just some of my thoughts . ******* Possible spoiler comments below ************1) The first 30 minutes played like a LifeTime story about drug addiction.2) the last 60 minutes felt like Saw meets Hostel by way of Martyrs. Just non-stop gore.3) There was not one second where I was scared.4) there was no sense of dread.5) Even though the film was supposedly about demonic possession, I never for one minute really believed it. 6) The so-called hero was one of the most irritating characters I have ever seen. I could not wait for him to die.7) The characters were - at best - 2 dimensional. Bland. 8) There was no emotional impact. I could care less what happened to anyone.9) The Demonic POV (the Raimi-cam from the original) seemed here more like a POV of a jogger in the woods.10) The acting ranged from mediocre to down right laughable11) The plot holes were so thick that you could drive a mack truck through it12) The film should win the award "most consistently stupid things done on screen". Even for the horror slasher, the actions of the characters went beyond stupid. My eyes actually hurt from rolling so much.13) The big-oh-so-scary demon that everybody was afraid of was the single wimpiest evil presence I have ever seen. Think the wimpy devil from Exorcist: Prequel kind of wimp.14) The makeup was not scary15) The music was so ineffective that I am not even sure there was a soundtrack.16) after 60 minutes (30 minutes of non-stop gore) I felt numb. at 70 minutes I started thinking about grocery shopping.Etc. etc. As I said, I could go on and on about what didn't work for me.The good? this film has two- and only two good things that I can say - the SFX was very impressive. Not scary, but impressive. And if you like gore, then this is the film for you! Not just buckets of blood, not gallons, - whole truckloads (no joke).This was a thoroughly typical teenage slasher/torture porn film. No plot, no logic, no acting, no scares, no music- nothing but blood and gore.Yes, it was competently made. If that, and tons of gore is enough for you, then you will definitely enjoy it!After about an hour, the woman next to me said "so this is essentially about 5 really stupid people killing each other. With lots of blood. That's it?" I said "yup. that's it"Did anybody cover their face in the movie? Sure!! When you someone pulling a needle out of the eye you will wince. That is not horror. that is not scare.. that is just 'gross out' moments.I talked to some people coming out of the theater. NOT ONE PERSON TOLD ME THEY WERE SCARED DURING THE FILM!Isn't that what a horror film supposed to do?Have we really just substituted frights and emotional scares with SFX, blood and gore and think its the same thing?Its been a long time since I have seen the original I definitely intend on doing so.. it has got to be better than this.As a remake it was better than most Platinum Dune projects - but that isn't saying much.As a film by itself, it is passable entertainment for gore hounds.Oh - if you must see this film, then please stay for the post-credit sequence. It was the only thing that put a smile on my face.I really wished I liked this film.. But I cannot recommend it based on my experience.May yours be different than mine.3 out of 10. Generously.
평점: 8	리뷰: Review by Matt:I'm not one for April Fool's pranks. I find them annoying, stupid, and most of the time, ridiculous. But there are times when one happens, and its wonderful. It's even better when you are going to see one of the most classic horror films of all time, 1981's "The Evil Dead" with Bruce Campbell in the audience introducing the film and conducting a Q&A after it's conclusion. It's even better when the film starts, gets about a minute in, and the film breaks, revealing the trick, which I had a sneaking suspicion was coming. April Fool's, you're not here to watch "The Evil Dead" '81, you're here to watch "Evil Dead" 2013. Truly, truly awesome, and now I'm lucky enough to bring you kids a review of the as-of-yet- unreleased "Evil Dead" remake, which is an ode to everything wonderful and right with horror remakes.Everything you've heard about "Evil Dead" is warranted; it's a brutal, bloody, gory, sick, twisted, squirm-inducing nightmare; in the best way possible. While, as a rule, horror remakes are usually unnecessary, I really thought "The Evil Dead" was in need of a tune-up. Coming out three years after "Halloween" and merely a year after the genre game- changer "Friday the 13th," "Dead" made it's mark as The Ultimate Experience in Grueling Terror. It was low-budget, gritty, and a new take on the slasher genre. It had the demonic spirit of "The Exorcist" but the wink-wink-nod-nod of "Friday the 13th" and even some old Herschel Gordon Lewis films. However, if you look at "Dead" now, it seems dated. You can tell that it only took them about $300,000.00 to make the film. Still, I believe in keeping a classic, a classic, and not messing with a good thing. Come some 30 years and two sequels later, a new vision of "Evil Dead" is about to be unleashed nationwide, and with the blessing of Sam Raimi and Mr. Bruce Campbell, I can honestly say we got a winner.While keeping with the spirit of the original film, we follow five teens who have decided to head out to the middle of nowhere to a cabin in the woods. The added twist this time around is that they are there for an intervention for Mia, played by Jane Levy, who could be America's newest Scream Queen, a heroin-addict who just suffered an overdose. I liked the fact that the teens are in the woods for a reason, because in films like these you always get a lot of red herrings, namely the Necronomicon, which is unnamed in this version, but you should know what the Necronomicon is at this point, where you have to suspend disbelief nearly the entire film, and don't worry, you'll have to do it anyway for most of this movie, in a good way.While the story is reasonably strong for the genre, the violence and gore is ramped up to 11, and it's wonderful. The gore effects are great, and I was surprised to see that WETA was behind some of the work, and it makes sense, because some of the effects are right out of "Dead/Alive," before Peter Jackson got all Hollywood on us genre fans.As a horror film, "Evil Dead" is fine, a bloody-romp in the vein of what most people are used to out of the horror genre these days. As a remake, one of the best ones made. And while I use the term "remake," "Dead" is more like a re-imagining of the original. There are various odes to Raimi's masterwork, including our heroine wearing a Michigan State sweater, to the old car that she is also sitting on. We even get some chainsaw, yes, a chainsaw, what would an "Evil Dead" movie be without some chainsaw. With all that being said, if you're a purist, go into "Evil Dead" with an open mind, and have fun with it; there are plenty of odes to the original, and if you're new to the world of Ash and the Deadites, do your homework and watch "The Evil Dead," "Evil Dead 2: Dead By Dawn" and "Army of Darkness" (the primitive screw-head next to me kept calling it "Evil Dead 3." I wanted to tell him to go home because his mom called, and he had chores to do, plus it was a school night). 2013's "Evil Dead." In a world full or remakes and bad ideas, its nice to see they got something right. Hail to the King, baby.....Check out more reviews at simplisticreviews.blogspot.com
평점: 10	리뷰: good movie you can watch it if you want it plays in most movie theaters its called evil dead good watch watch good movie you can watch it if you want it plays in most movie theaters its called evil dead good watch watchgood movie you can watch it if you want it plays in most movie theaters its called evil dead good watch watchgood movie you can watch it if you want it plays in most movie theaters its called evil dead good watch watchgood movie you can watch it if you want it plays in most movie theaters its called evil dead good watch watchgood movie you can watch it if you want it plays in most movie theaters its called evil dead good watch watch
평점: 8	리뷰: First of all if you are fan of the original one, then you would know that the Evil Dead's tradition is always been to make a really scary movie with a low budget. And yes they followed the same tradition with this one, but it is impossible to say that this movie was on a budget because it purely just DELIVERED!!! I wouldn't call this to be a reboot/remake, this was more like a really good sequel and filled in a lot of holes left in the original one. Although the story had some similarities with the original, but a lot of new stuff.I'll be honest I was really nervous that they wouldn't live upto it and by the end I was really happy to say they really lived upto it. I really felt the lady actresses did an awesome job, guys could've done little better but trust me that's the least of your worries once you enter the Evil Dead World. The mood of the film was perfect,it basically complimented the original one in every aspect.Bruce Campbell, you should take a bow. He started this cult with Sam Raimi and produced this new Evil Dead with all respects to the classic. He made sure the audiences would cringe every time. And the best way to know this is when you see weak hearted people getting up and leaving during the gore scenes.So let this be a caution for you. This is not just your average horror movie. It's on a whole new league of horror and you must have a strong mindset to watch everything.Overall I am sooooo happy that after 32 years later, this movie remains alive. I really hope they go through with the trilogy again like last time.
평점: 5	리뷰: The Most Terrifying Film You Will Ever Experience? Uh, no, that would be "The Shining!" Not this "Evil Dead" remake!Creating the atmosphere of horror is what made "The Shining" great. Same goes for my other two favorite horror films, "The Thing" (1982) and "Psycho." Here, you get lots of close-ups of limbs being torn off, etc. But, there is only some of the atmosphere-creating at the beginning you would have needed to make this work.Terra-gallons of gore for 90 minutes is what you get here. This unnecessary-as-usual remake has almost none of the fun and camp of the original series. There are a few brief moments of inspired humor, but that's it. This is basically pack-as-much-gore-in-as-you-can filmmaking.Going up against Sam Raimi's original was either gutsy or misguided. I would go with misguided! Although, the original films still very much exist, so we can always see them again. I would recommend that a thousand times over wasting your time or money on this!The few good parts were the pre-title sequence, punctuated by the title card thundering onto the screen, and a special appearance after the End Credits! Behind the camera, the film score by Roque Baños is the only inspired part.You know you don't like a movie when it ticks you off the more you think about it! And, since it was an advanced screening, I didn't even have to pay to see the stupid thing!**** (4 Out of 10 Stars)
평점: 10	리뷰: I'm shocked that Sam Raimi had anything - and actually quite a lot - to do with this cheap horror movie. I don't even feel like it was a cheap imitation of the original because it didn't even come close and I don't know why it even carries the "Evil Dead" name.Many "scary" parts had the entire packed theater cracking up. The more the "demon" appeared, and the more she/it talked, the less scary it became... The acting was just so terrible, the writing sucked, the plot sucked, the direction sucked. The characters did things and made choices so idiotic that I just could not stand it (the 'hero' was so irritating throughout everything he did!) and suppressing laughter became quite hard. Yes, it had gore. Plenty of gore. Most of it was unremarkable - cheap shots of random body parts covered in buckets and buckets of flowing watery fake blood. It got quite boring. Loud sound throughout the entire film, to no real effect... Overall: No substance at all. Only good for some laughs.
평점: 7	리뷰: Like many horror remakes, this improves on the visual effects and updates the hairstyles but strips all the charm and originality from the story. The Evil Dead remake is competently made, has lots of gore, and is thoroughly suspenseful but it will never rival the original or any of its sequels.The remake begins with the burning of a witch in our cabin in the woods by a group of Deliverance style hillbillies. We don't know precisely when this action is occurring, but it would seem to be in a previous era. Later evidence suggests that this actually might have been quite recent. The MF profanity, for instance, has only been in use since the late 60s. There are animal corpses still not completely desiccated when the kids arrive. And there is evidence of a break-in at the cabin since the last time it was visited. The cabin, by the way, is still on the electrical grid. No harbinger warns the kids, so we're never exactly told the significance or history of the cabin itself. We're not precisely told when the story is set, but it seems modern day.The five young characters arrive, and in this scenario, they are there to assist in the intervention/detox of heroin addict Mia. The characters don't seem to like one another, and except for estranged brother David, their relationships are unclear. They would seem to have been childhood friends who previously visited the cabin. But most of the characters seem awfully prim to have maintained a relationship to a self destructive heroin addict. I never quite figured out where the hippie character Eric fit in. He's not even in the movie as stoner or comic relief. His chief duty in the movie is to discover the necronomicon, unleash the evil and try to warn the other characters. The necronomicon, while we're on the subject, is among the movies worst flaws. It looks like a goth teen's notebook full of pencil sketches and "scary," profane jargon in red ink. A second flaw is that none of these characters has any real personality.The detox angle has possibilities, because – as in Trainspotting – people coming down from drugs often have terrible hallucinations. But the main point in this story seems to be as an excuse to stop Mia from fleeing the cabin. However, they do not disable the cars, so Mia takes off at her first chance where she meets the witch in the woods, who – in a scene straight out of Jason Goes to Hell: The Final Friday – infects Mia with evil by throwing up a black oozy snake which crawls up Mia's skirt into her body.Mia's infection and the subsequent killing of other characters is done in gory zombie movie fashion. Mia actually behaves quite a bit like Regan in The Exorcist. I recall the original zombies being full of joyful, laughing evil, which was part of its campy charm. The post possession scenes become a stalk and slash with various weapons around the cabin. It will be a treat for fans of gore; the movie doesn't skimp. But I also don't recall hearing any trouble about it with the MPAA.There is some originality particularly toward the ending, as the movie takes some twists and switches heroes and villains. The movie lets you know that animals aren't off the table as victims, etc. It is a bit of a flaw to not know whether it is Mia or the witch who is the movie's main villain. During scenes where Mia returns to her own identity, she appears to bear none of the scars that would surely result from all the violent action she's been through. Overall, it's a competent, scary horror movie. But the characters or mythology do not win over the viewer. This is unlikely to itself become any sort of long lived phenomenon and I wouldn't expect anybody to come out of this movie with the cult following attached to those involved in the original. BTW, I write this before the movie has officially premiered and the 7+ point IMDb rating it currently enjoys (virtually unheard of for a horror movie), has been incredibly inflated by fanboys.
평점: 3	리뷰: disappointed with this. saw it at south by south film festival and i was not impressed. i didn't ever think it was going to be anything special and would pale against the excellent original, but i expected more.the gore was over the top and silly. the tree rape was thoughtless torture porn. it wasn't scary. it was not imaginative. in fact, it was boring. and that is the saddest thing. so much effort put into shocking and outraging the audience with blood and guts, when the net result is tedium.glad raimi had nothing to do with it lest he become like romero, and lose luster with his ill conceived later films.3/10 is the very best i can muster. sorry.
평점: 3	리뷰: Extremely sickened by this film. I have never sat through a film where I simply wanted it to end. Graphic sickening torture porn for soulless sociopaths. No story to speak of, which the original had in spades. Amateur acting, with nobody approaching the charisma and screen presence of Bruce Campbell. All this film had was buckets and buckets of cow blood and pointless violence. That's all it was. Pointless violence.If you are an adult of rational mind and have any sense of decency and values, do not watch this film. If you are a sociopath teenager, with an appetite for violent video games and torturing small animals, well this film will probably suit you perfectly.Believe when I say the only scare you will get from this film is the horrific acting. Everything else is nauseating and quite boring violence.not recommended.
평점: 8	리뷰: Save your money. This film is a cash grab of the highest order. A truly shallow attempt to remake a film all horror fans hold dear to their heart.When Sam Raimi shocked and delighted the world with Evil Dead, he did so with the purest intentions and divine talent. Original story. Groundbreaking gore effects. Stunning visuals. Mesmeric tension.A masterpiece.He did so without the desire for box office statistics, nor did he pay shills to promote the film. He simply poured his heart and soul and genius into something he truly loved.This pale, insipid, vapid excuse of a "remake" is an Evil Dead film in name only. Nothing original. Nothing enthralling. Nothing shocking. Just......nothing.The sooner Hollywood realizes film audiences are SICK of these types of tepid imitations, the better. Classic and much-adored movies should be left to age gracefully and to find audiences on their own terms, for generations to come.The Mona Lisa was not repainted. And if it had of been,, the copy would be spat upon and condemned as a FAKE! Well, this FAKE is even worse.1/10
평점: 7	리뷰: Evil Dead is more of a re-imagining rather than a remake, and to be honest I am glad they went this way. I will start off with the stuff I did not like about this film. The blonde and Jessica Lucas are very forgettable, it's not like they were "bad", just forgettable. And this next one is more of a nit-pick but it will not be the most terrifying film you will ever experience, hell, it may be one of them, but I hardly doubt it will be "THE" most terrifying film you will ever experience. Now I can get to the stuff I liked. Shiloh Fernandez does pretty good acting wise. Jane Levy and Lou Taylor are absolutely amazing. The gore is amazing and even though this might not be the scariest film you ever see, it still has some good scares and shocks and the atmosphere is creepy and unnerving. See this flick if you want to see a horror remake done right. Skip if you are easily grossed out by blood and gore. 9.5/10
평점: 4	리뷰: "Am I sure? Of course not! It's not a science book!" Eric (Lou Taylor Pucci) If first-rate gore is your desire, look no further than the remake of Evil Dead. If you are a purist about this horror genre, having waited through the many satires since Romero's Night of the Living Dead, including Sam Raimi's campy 1981 Evil Dead and the more recent Cabin in the Woods, then stop right here. Director Fede Alvarez does it right and straight.Why not! Even to remake Evil Dead as Raimi fashioned it is foolishly to court comparison with a cult classic, a successful story of teens imprudently hanging out in a haunted cabin. In Alvarez's iteration, the zombies are lifelike and the dismemberments realistic, each with its own rationale, just as the reason this time for staying in the cabin makes some sense.Having found an ancient Book of the Dead, Eric gives the above statement, a free pass to gross us out even if the gore makes no sense or the strategies to thwart a resident evil are weak or too random to be effective. But make no mistake about the presence of shotgun and chainsaw, tropes from earlier scare fests, they are featured and used, along with very effective nail gun and ubiquitous gasoline. The special effects to make you cringe are well done, and the psychological-thematic underpinnings pretty impressive.After all, brother David (Shiloh Fernandez) did abandon sister Mia (Jane Levy) and their mother long ago, so it seems some kind of retribution is in order. Additionally, because the women in the film make more mayhem than the men, as in the current American Idol contest, misanthropy trumps misogyny perhaps to comment on the current state of feminism."No! You don't understand. There was something in the woods... and I think it's in here with us... now." Mia
평점: 9	리뷰: The original Evil Dead is one of my all time favorite fright flicks so, I was very apprehensive about a remake. With Sam Raimi, Robert G. Tapert and even Bruce Campbell on board as producers, I hoped the material would at least be treated with respect. Now having seen this new vision of one of the all time horror classics, I can say not only was the material treated with respect but, it is one of the best horror remakes and one hell of a nasty, scary, bloody blast. The best thing is that co-writer and first time director Fede Alvarez smartly takes the basic premise and does his own thing with it. This version has heroine addict, Mia (Suburgatory's Jane Levy) being taken by big brother, David (Skateland's Shiloh Fernandez) and 3 friends to an old family cabin to try to get Mia to quit her habit cold turkey. But, someone has been in the cabin since they were last there and something gruesome has definitely gone on inside with blood stains and dozens of dead animals hanging in the cellar. Of course there is also a mysterious book and within it ominous warnings that it not be read... so, of course, someone does... and at the same time Mia is alone in the woods... uh, oh... I don't need to tell you that soon Mia is possessed by some horrible demonic entity and the gruesome blood soaked nightmare begins as the ancient evil wants to claim them all. Alvarez really crafts a strong, gruesome and scary horror of the likes we haven't seen in a while. It's vicious and nasty with top notch gore and make-up that is done the old fashioned way without any CGI. When limbs fly... and they do, it is good old fashioned prosthetics and I loved the lack of CGI when it came to the ghouls and gore. Alvarez and co-writer Rodo Sayagues (Diablo Cody was supposedly hire to work on the script but, if she was credited, I missed it.) basically give us enough elements of the original to make it recognizable as an Evil Dead flick and thus fits in with the series but, makes the flick it's own animal. And that's the way to do a remake like this. And Alvarez is the real deal who knows how to make a good old fashioned horror movie complete with suspense, tension and intensity, not to mention, plentiful scares. He also gives the film a strong atmosphere and I really liked his visual style. He gets good work from his cast too, especially leading lady Levy whose character has a few stages to go through from heroine addict to a demon possessed creature to... well, you'll have to see to find out. Shiloh Fernandez is also very good, after a lifeless performance in Red Riding Hood he shows us the actor we saw in Skateland was no fluke. The rest, Lou Taylor Pucci as Eric, Jessica Lucas as Olivia and Elizabeth Blackmore as Natalie, do fine making their characters more then demon fodder and they are all likable enough to make us afraid for them when all hell breaks loose. The flick is not perfect but, any flaws are minor and can be overlooked due to all that is done right. Evil Dead 2013 may not be as groundbreaking as the original and only time will tell if it will be highly regard like it's predecessor but, it is a strong, visceral horror that gives equal parts suspense and scares with all the goo and gore. Maybe not quite a classic but, a film worthy of the title Evil Dead. Well done!
평점: 1	리뷰: Evil Dead, simply put, is a new horror classic. It's a remake of the memorable 80's time capsule The Evil Dead (a film which has actually aged quite splendidly thanks to some impeccable filmmaking), but this new film is a creature all by itself. Directed by Fede Alvarez and featuring very little CGI (if any), Evil Dead is the horror movie by which all modern horror films should will be looking up to years down the road.The most immediately distinguishing and intriguing characteristic about this new Evil Dead is how polished and neat the storyline is able to flow. These aren't just some people coming to hole themselves up in a cabin for awhile with no particular rhyme or reason other than that they just want to have a good time. David (Shiloh Fernandez) comes to the cabin to help kick his sister (Jane Levy) Mia's drug addiction with some of her closest friends, Eric (Lou Taylor Pucci), Olivia (Jessica Lucas), and Natalie (Elizabeth Blackmore). Her addiction is becoming a downward spiral and negatively affecting everyone around her. As a last effort, the group decides the best way to get Mia back to normal is to hole her up in the family cabin and not let her leave. The movie takes its time to let us know the characters before bad things start going down, even though the opening scene kicks things off pretty deliciously as it marks the audience's first introduction to a deadite. From there, things don't kick into overdrive until Eric starts playing around with the flesh-covered book they recover in the basement. After this, really bad things start happening rapidly that lead to blood. Lots and lots of blood. To discuss what happens in further detail would be to divulge entirely too much information.The directing is slick and stunning with some phenomenal camera-work and shots that rival anything you will find in the original movie. To compare Evil Dead to the original is unfair, though, because the original movie is a product of its time and the best possible movie it could have been at that time. Evil Dead is polished, precise, perfect down to the last scene of the movie which will stick with you long after the credits have rolled. The cast couldn't have been better, either, with Shiloh Fernandez and Jane Levy especially standing out as the brother and sister duo. Each of the five main roles contributes something significant to the flick and there isn't a single player involved that the movie could have done without. The new design of the Book of the Dead is flawless and creepy: while it might not be a face like the original, the skin on the cover and the pages within are still effectively chilling.If you are a horror fan in any fashion, Evil Dead is the must-see movie of the year. At this point, I'd be shocked if any other horror movie this year comes close to matching the brilliance, brutality, and spectacle that is developed over the course of 91 minutes of terror. Evil Dead is a modern horror classic that you have to see to believe. Bring on the sequel!
평점: 2	리뷰: Remake. Reimagining. Reboot. Sequel. You can use many terms to describe this film but this addition to the Evil Dead franchise manages to create a niche all it's own composed of some appreciated unpredictability, recycled ideas from other films and a plethora of gore soaked goodies. Set in present day the film centers on a group of friends gathered to help a young woman beat her heroin addiction. Mia played by Jane Levy in an uneven but decent performance is that young woman who is the first to fall victim to the notorious necronomicon which of course leads to a night of sadistic horror, the likes of which you've come to expect from these films. Solid and sexy Shiloh Fernandez turns up as her abandoning brother with a slightly melodramatic past, handsome Lou Taylor Pucci as his too curious friend Eric, the talented and gorgeous Jessica Lucas as the most believable of the bunch Olivia and Elizabeth Blackmore as Natalie, David's girlfriend and the not so great actress of the group. The direction from Fede Alvarez is solid I think if a little generic although I am impressed by the enormity of this guy's balls. The cinematography is absolutely gorgeous from it's heightened suspenseful camera angles and the ones that capture the scenery in just the right way to the beautiful composition of light through out the film, it's really very commendable. Speaking of commendable the old school nod to practical effects is much appreciated and way more effective than the CGI crap that crowds multiplexes nowadays. But all in all the film feels feels a little recycled with not much an identity of it's own. it borrows freely from the Evil Dead films and other similar films like it and in truth feels more like a sequel than an actual remake and in that sense it never really feels like it can stand on it's own. Don't get me wrong the film has a barrage of wonderfully gory set pieces but when you look up Evil Dead 30 years from now on the net I'm pretty sure this won't be what comes up. The screenplay however does have some nice touches the reasoning behind them staying is well though out even if the opening is a little hammy and confusing and the constant merry go round effect of who is the films real main character is wonderfully deceptive. That being said, my expectations were set very high I'm a huge fan of the Evil Dead films and I had recently watched them and the buzz on this film has been incredible and I bought into a little against my better judgement. When it first started out I didn't feel much of anything and than as it went on it was decent enough but the disappointment started to creep in. I can't say that the feeling ever truly went away completely but the film culminates too such a grand, horrific, entertaining, completely over the top, ickfest finale I couldn't help it when the slight blues fell away replaced with a childish grin that helped me to remember why I have been such a big horror fan since I was a kid. And for that reason alone it's more than worth the price of admission a few times. 4/5
평점: 10	리뷰: Lots of gore but no glory. The film has almost a similar plot to the original but doesn't have the charm. It's another Hollywood scare fest that tries to be scary but ends up being slightly predictable. I felt like some parts of the movie tried too hard to scare us and other parts felt like they didn't try hard enough. The blood and gore was enough to freak some people out but not me. I've seen a lot of scarier, bloodier, and disturbing movies in my life and this movie was as mainstream as you can get, in other words, it's what you would expect for a popcorn movie. That being said the acting was quite well and I thought they did a good job with the cast. If you're a fan of the original I recommend you wait for this and rent it. But if you really want to see this film by all means go ahead. Just don't worry about getting nightmares, you will forget about it as soon as it wears off.
평점: 9	리뷰: Before I start, I should say: I'm reviewing this as an avid horror movie fan. this is NOT a movie for everyone. it's super brutal, and it means to be. If you're not a fan of gore, don't see it. bottom line. okay, HERE WE GO!Being quite a huge fan of Sam Raimi's Trilogy, I had quite the high standards to be met for this film when I first heard about it. Once the red band trailer was released it showed very strong promise.I just saw "Evil Dead" tonight, and I can confidently say it blew my expectations out of the water. Not only as a fan to the franchise, but as a fan to the horror genre. I think explaining why it's a great horror movie in general will equally explain why it deserves it's title of an Evil Dead rebirth.First of all, the plot is a breath of fresh air. Instead of "partying teens get picked off by a masked serial killer", or "haunted house with 70 minutes of jump-scares and 10 minutes of actual events", there is real depth. Mia, a (trying to be) ex heroin addict is attempting to go cold turkey with two of her closest friends, Olivia and Eric, her estranged brother David, and his wife Natalie. David, Mia, Eric, and Olivia used to be very close friends, but David left for a job in a shop in Chicago right around the time that his and Mia's mother grew fatally ill. David left his sister in her time of need, and didn't keep in touch with his friends. This led Mia into a downward spiral of drugs, leading to her eventually over-dosing and being pronounced legally dead and being revived by a defibrillator. Also, Eric has some resentments for David abandoning Mia as well as himself/their friendship.I only mention how important the relationships are, especially the drug addiction, because Mia had tried going sober before and didn't last due to the withdrawal symptoms of heroin being basically intolerable. Her friends expect she'll say anything to get back to drugs, and that she'll hallucinate. SO! when they find the Book of the Dead and Eric's curiosity leads to some passages being transcribed (honestly, I'd be curious about it if i found it too.), the evil it releases that Mia sees is immediately dismissed.It may seem expected, but it being a refreshing premise is undeniable. The premise isn't the only refreshing part though! there are also the characters. Horror movies have a pretty common curse with this aspect. I'm talking about the typical stoner, whore, jerk, idiot, etc. It's an easy way to make the audience desensitized to the scenes, which is generally fine. If you loved every character in a horror movie, then people wouldn't be able to sit through most B horror movies.That makes all the madness that much more real. In other movies, you see someone get killed and think "finally. that person was horrible. those were some cool effects!" Mia seems to be of college age, and just lost her mother. clearly very troubled. David is a hard working, honest man who isn't great at handling his emotions. Natalie is sweet, concerned, supportive. Olivia is an RN, and Eric is just a high school teacher. No one is drunk, unintelligent, or has any unjustifiable vices that make them an easy person to lose. there really are no reasons to hate these people, or wish anything bad on them. I can't think of many horror movies that can pull that off (maybe the exorcist?), and Evil Dead does it well.The momentum of the movie is steady, but keeps at a good pace. Definitely not a normal roller-coaster type horror movie that drops in some action every 5-8 minutes or so with one climax. it's more like all important back story and character development, then once the tension starts it keeps going until it spins out of control. other than a few tasteful breaks in momentum, it's almost constant madness til the end. I didn't find it dragging on anywhere, every part was necessary.Some would say that the gore would be excessive, and I wouldn't argue with them in a general sense. In a personal sense, I wouldn't take out one bit of it. then again, I can handle that kind of stuff. I cannot stress enough though, this movie is NOT for everyone.I don't want to ramble, I've covered mostly everything I'd like since I don't want to give out any major spoilers. The last thing I can say is, if you're a true deadite, I can confidently say you'd love this movie. unless you're a pretentious hipster that wants to hate it to be different, but if that's what's up then I would dismiss your opinions anyway. Not just deadites though, horror movie fans in general...check it out. if you normally don't like horror movies, don't try this one. that is all.Thanks!
평점: 10	리뷰: The day Sam Raimi fans have been either anticipating or dreading for 30 years is upon us. The remake of "Evil Dead" has taken over theaters. Most enthusiasts of the original horror trilogy wanted another sequel. That's definitely not what we get in this gore fest.Don't expect dancing decapitated corpses, funny one-liners, and other slapstick elements found in "Army of Darkness." You'll be gravely disappointed. What we get here is full-on blood and guts with a dash of more blood and guts.There are no college kids heading up to the woods to party for the weekend this time around. Setting a serious tone from the very beginning of the film, a group of old friends come together to help one of their own kick a drug habit. The plan is to keep her locked up and restrained in the family cabin until the girl is fully detoxed. She's relapsed once and they're going to make sure it doesn't happen again.While cleaning up the old place, the bunch stumble on what appears to be an old book bound in a plastic bag by barb wires. One of them opens it and begins reading the words inside. By reciting the ancient sayings, they release a long dormant evil that takes possession of them one by one. As the friends begin dying, they frantically search for a way to bring an end to the demonic force.I am very impressed with the depth of the story here. It would be so easy to go down the stale "kids going to a cabin to party" route again. Although the acting is wooden at times, the characters are a bit more noble and sympathetic than the usual dumb college types we get in these types of movies.There's no end to the visual gore in "Evil Dead." From the very beginning, the viewer knows what they're getting into. They're going to see it all in full color. This isn't the usual PG-13 jump-scare fiesta we've come to expect from today's horror movies. Brace yourselves to see arms and legs get hacked off and gallons of blood dripping in puddles everywhere. I cringed and gritted my teeth just thinking about the pain during most scenes.If there's a message to "Evil Dead," it's really quite simple. Don't screw with demonic forces or read magic incantations or passages out of an evil book. All you're doing is asking for trouble with a capital "T." Whether you think it's silly or not, I'm a firm believer in this advice.I enjoyed the dual finale of the film. It had a happy ending while leaving the audience with a warning that evil never really goes away. It's just left waiting for some other poor soul stupid enough to give it a means to be reborn.If you've been waiting for a movie to come along and satisfy your taste for graphic violence and gore, "Evil Dead" will quench your thirst for blood. Those looking for pure "Hitchcockian" suspense with a "less-is- more" attitude when it comes to horror movies need not purchase a ticket for this one. Stay after the credits to see a "groovy" surprise!
평점: 10	리뷰: There was a time that I gave horror remakes the benefit of the doubt. The Dawn of the Dead remake wasn't so bad for what it was. The Fright Night remake actually did a decent amount of justice for its source material. But then, you stop and realize how short Hollywood has come up in terms of original ideas and cool scares. Nowadays it seems to be a) remakes b) torture porn c) possession movies(these have got to go) d) more remakes. Heck, the last original and clever horror movie I saw was Cabin in the Woods, which was actually a horror themed comedy rather than a true horror film.Sadly, the Evil Dead remake turned out to be just as disappointing and toothless as I expected it to be. No, this film does not improve on the original. No, it does not become a good horror film in its own right. Yes, you have seen pretty much everything in this film before. Yes, you're better off watching anything from the original trilogy.I read an interview with director Fede Alvarez which had him say something along the lines of "When I saw the 80's Fly, I didn't care about the original 50's version. That was the Fly to me" OK Fede.....point taken. But the 80's Fly was directed by David Cronenberg, who at that point was already a seasoned director who had over 10 years of experience under his belt and who is known for innovative styles and concepts. Alvarez has none of that. As I understand it his background is mainly short films. Perhaps I should familiarize myself with his previous work, but let me just say he does nothing to make Evil Dead his own movie. All I saw were some nifty lighting choices and camera angles.But then again, there's nothing about this Evil Dead that makes it it's own movie. You have impossibly hot actresses who still look hot even when they're shivering and drenched in gore. You have the same hyperactive MTV-style editing that any supernatural or slasher film these days has. You have poor attempts at making this a "serious" film. Seriously, the original was about rapist trees and crazed demons! How "serious" does it have to be? You have any number of tropes and clichés which make this an ultimately forgettable affair. And on top of that you have no actors or characters who grab the eye. Imagine that Ash's sister Linda was an irritating coke addict instead of a weird psychic girl. Then subtract Ash. There's your Evil Dead.One thing that made the original have such charm is that it wasn't just a low budget film, it was practically a student film! I know....it's a big fanboy gripe, but I found myself longing for the original whilst sitting through this Bruce Campbell-less bore fest.The hype machine and rent-a-critic tactics will likely make this a relative box office success. I hope it is a last gasp.
평점: 7	리뷰: This is not the most terrifying film you will ever experience.Now the original Evil Dead was an experience. You were scared, disgusted, and exhausted by the time the film ended. It was a low budget gore-fest. The remake is packed with gore, but almost to the point of exaggeration, and that's about the only positive I can give the film. It wasn't scary, it wasn't brutal, it wasn't "Evil".The remake features pretty looking hipsters going to the cabin as part of a drug intervention. Of course, possessions and killings ensue. Good acting isn't expected in this kinds of films, but the fact that the "heroine" is one of the worst actresses I've seen in a while (her delivery of a one-liner towards the end of the film had me almost throwing up in my mouth in disgust), doesn't help matters. The remake is very predictable. One character pops up out of frame to save another character at least 3 times. It becomes expected and comedic. For some reason the "demon voices" all sound really stupid. Hakf the audience was laughing when someone possessed would start talking in demon voice."Evil Dead '13" is like the countless other remakes that have come before it, it has no soul. But this remake does, however, have the blood and guts. The film tries to redeem itself in the last 15 minutes but it just feels like you're watching a completely different movie at that point.Overall, it's a bloody deja vu. If feels like you've seen it all before...and not in a good way. Evil Dead '13 is not going to be a classic and if a sequel comes out, count me out. Unless that sequel is Army Of Darkness 2 with The Chin.
평점: 5	리뷰: After a long hiatus i'm returning with a review of the new evil dead movie,first off i'm usually standoffish on remakes,but i actually had good vibes about the evil dead remake,its updated quite a bit for the new and younger horror fans who never seen the 1982 original,so there's plenty more gore and blood,and some clever cg scenes,one actress i recognize is Jessica Lucas who i remember from another good movie clover field,and like the first one there are 5 young people,2 guys and three women.and yes its the woods,there is the book of the dead and i really don't want to give the plot away but prepare yourself,it is a nail biter and if you don't like blood,guts,and gore don't watch it,in the theater i saw this people were laughing at some scenes,probably because like me we seen it all before,but this movie is more brutal and yes scarier then the 1982 original,too bad Bruce Campbell did'nt do a cameo.this would've been a good 3d movie,oh yes and about the book,it is bound in human skin,when you do decide to go see evil dead,keep repeating to yourself,its only a movie!but like Donald pleasense says in the horror compilation film terror in the aisles 1984,but sooner or later you must leave the theater,mind you this did'nt give me any nightmares but some of the scenes were so brutal they wee hard to forget.they did change the title by the way,instead of the evil dead,its called evil dead.awesome movie,check it out,8 out of 10.
평점: 10	리뷰: For a remake of a classic horror film, the "Evil Dead" of 2013 does many things right. It has its missteps, yes, but through the vast catalog of recently produced, generic horror remakes, this one is indeed handled with care.The franchise creators, Sam Raimi, Rob Tapert, and Bruce Campbell, all step in to create a "fresh" take on the series. They brought along Fede Alvarez and put him in the directors chair. Wise choice? I'd say so. Fede is easily a talented director, but where he somewhat lacks in character development, he gains in style and finesse.The film looks great. I can't imagine anyone disowning the movie for its poor photography, production design, or practical effects. On many levels, it excels upon the original... but these are different times. Whereas the original "Evil Dead" directed by Sam Raimi had a strong cast of likable characters, the remake becomes slightly hit or miss. All there is to say is that Jane Levy shines. Once the narrative of Mia comes into play, the film truly starts.Granted it doesn't live up to the cult status of the original, it still carves its own path by attempting to pull off a completely different experience, which it is. You can compare them, but they are really completely different films, and I love it for that alone. Consider every horror remake you've seen that had no originality... complete copy and paste of the original. This does not fit that criteria. This hopes to bring a new "Evil Dead" to the table.And on one last note... the musical score in this movie is brilliant. Without it, I wouldn't find it as intense or thrilling as it is.
평점: 8	리뷰: On a scale of 1 to 10, "Evil Dead" would be ranked somewhere in the middle. It wasn't good, but it wasn't horrendous either. It was a mediocre film when considering the standards for its genre. Unfortunately, Fede Alvarez's "Evil Dead" didn't really have enough depth to make us properly feel anything for its characters. The attempt at a slightly emotional and connected character story is to be applauded; however, it still seemed to fall flat in many areas.The beginning starts off with a recount of what happened earlier (perhaps a few years, but it's not clear) and a foreshadowing of what's to come. After, we cut to a cabin in the middle of the woods (because that's usually how the monsters, demons, and ghosts keep you away from civilization). Mia (Jane Levy) is trying to detox after a long battle with drug abuse with the help of her brother David and friends Eric, Olivia, and Natalie (Shiloh Fernandez, Lou Taylor Pucci, Jessica Lucas, and Elizabeth Blackmore).The friends find an evil book in a basement filled with dead cats. Curiosity getting the better of him, Eric reads an incantation from the book. Of course, once this happens, the rest of the film becomes a tiring wait to see who dies first. A demon is summoned and possesses Mia and then systematically begins trying to possess and kill everyone else. It isn't really scary as much as it is extremely disgusting. There is plenty of gore, cutoff extremities, and creepy sounds that are pretty on par with several other horror movies. Unfortunately, "Evil Dead" doesn't harbor any story surprises and becomes really tedious as the same thing happens to each character and you're left wondering if the movie is over yet. Elizabeth Blackmore's character is only there to serve as one of the souls that the demon must feast upon in order to rise. She has a few speaking lines and her best performance comes from the scene where she shoots her friends with a nail gun. All the character decisions at some point leave you shaking your head at their illogical actions and occasionally even the dialogue is lackluster."Evil Dead" only really makes sense in regards to why the demon chooses to possess Mia and not anyone else. Besides the obvious case of being the nearest one, Mia has the weakest will of all her friends and the demon catches her at a particularly vulnerable moment. On the other hand, the reason for the demon's existence or why it needs to possess a certain number of people is never explained nor is the reason why they decided to remake Sam Raimi's "The Evil Dead" in the first place. All in all, if you enjoy horror movies, a lot of blood and some creepy scenes, then "Evil Dead" is for you. Just remember not to expect too much out of it. Grade: 2 out 5 Starswww.themovieexaminer.com
평점: 9	리뷰: In short; I gave it a "9 out of 10" solely because three things don't line up/get answered. But, in full... I have been an avid fan of the original Evil Dead, making connections to it in other movies and video games and the like. When I found out they were remaking the original, I could not wait to see it for myself. And if anyone else is in the same boat as I am, we will recognize that Sam Raimi and Bruce Campbell just didn't have the funds for their true dream. I think Bruce was the one who said Evil Dead 1-3 were collectively the very first script for one film. This remake is the closest thing imaginable to that original script. When Sam and Bruce called this "a new vision" that's really just the way any viewer needs to enter this film. If you sit there thinking "that's not in the original" then you will not enjoy the spectacle before you. This is as much of a masterpiece as the original, but for different reasons. The original taught us that with enough heart and willpower, you can create a staple in pop culture. This film has proved that all things get better with time.Now keep an open mind and appreciate this as a stand-alone film, if need be. But at least go see it once... or more.
평점: 9	리뷰: I always thought it was a little risqué voting movies on either sides of a scale as far as being way too negative (1/10) or way too positive (10/10) but I honestly believe this movie is deservedly a 1/10.I really don't want to spend most of this review talking about the details, it's pretty much the same thing from the original Dead, but each transition in the story is sloppy and careless.Bad things happen yet the movie fails to make me care about any of it.The transition from one event to the other gives little to no momentum for the overall narrative. Everything that transpires amongst the characters and the story as a whole is haphazardly thrown together if not just for the sake of adhering to the original Evil Dead movie and reminding you that you're watching the same movie.There is some macabre humor put in here and there but the execution of the story is so serious it would go over your head or get a delayed reaction.The violence in this movie is also radically over the top, and seems to be as jolted in as the rest of the plot points in the movie are. After seeing "Drag Me to Hell" it would've been interesting to see Raimi take the helm but I'll be willing to wait for his next installment to his Army of Darkness (which I loved). See another movie.
평점: 7	리뷰: This movie was laughable at best. I was actually very excited to see this and brought friends with me, I had to apologize to them. This movie was the pinnacle of wasted potential. I have to admit it started of well, just because it had maybe 2 or 3 good jump scare scenes. The rest of the movie was just a downward spiral of crap fueled by gallons upon gallons of low budget watery Kool-Aid blood, a very dumb plot, pointless dialogue, some unnecessary expository info, atrocious plot holes, and ridiculous plot contradictions. It was hard to tell what was getting more butchered, the actors or the Evil Dead Franchise.Semi-Spoiler alert! (first time rating on this website, want to be as cautious as possible): With all the terrible build up, this movie still managed to have one of the most pathetic and anticlimactic endings I have ever seen, paired with some serious cliché, last kill finisher lines that go something like this, "-insert insult here,- Bitch!". The ending really did not help its case.I wouldn't recommend buying it or renting it; hell, I wouldn't even recommend getting it through a torrent.
평점: 9	리뷰: As a card carrying deadite fanatic I went to this movie with the bar set high and I wasn't let down. Whats great about this movie is that for once a remake strikes a balance with frights, novelty, and lip service.I was very surprised to see some mixed reviews for this film but found the rational given for in most of them was actually based on a fallacious premise that this was a remake of Evil Dead II. If your looking for a remake of Evil Dead II, your gonna have a bad time. Go see Cabin in the Woods if your on the market for a lighter take with more goofiness. The original Evil Dead is still one of the scariest movies ever, and this movie did an excellent job of holding its own.Like the -original- Evil Dead, slapstick comedy is low/absent while scares, violence, and gore are raining from the sky. In retrospect the decision to exclude an Ash character was a stroke of genius and allowed me to really enjoy the hell out of this movie without trying to compare and contrast a role that any fan would agree could only be filled by Bruce Campbell himself.With the assistance and blessing of all the original key players (read the credits and note the Campbells, the Raimis, and the Taperts) the unproven newcomer Alvarez has outdone himself in crafting a great horror experience that will surprise both fans of the original and new comers alike. The fresh take on the old story is still peppered with dozens of clever throwbacks to the original without feeling forced or distracting.The gore is bar none with classic effects taking center stage with CGI functioning as support. The result gives Evil Dead a look and feel that is coarser, chewier, and more... sinewy then recent comparable horror films. Wash it all down with blood by the buckets and there you have it. Great casting. Great effects. Great scares. Great movie. Enjoy.
평점: 7	리뷰: I really do not know what movie these other reviewers saw, nor do I understand what they want out of a horror movie. This was great. From the first scene on. Im not looking for Oscar worthy acting. The acting was fine for a horror movie. I thought the changes from the original were effective and relevant. The gore was good, slightly excessive at a few points but ITS A MOVIE. If I want realism Ill watch the news. I don't understand why some reviewers complain about non realistic gore in a movie about a demon that appears after reading a poem. Really? Go see the movie and leave your preconceived notions at the door. My wife and I are not easily creeped out, but we were spooked after this.
평점: 6	리뷰: I really don't get the so called claiming of some of these horror fans. If they are really horror fans, then the gore should not bother them at all. I can't believe the reviews, that I am reading here. This is one of the best horror movies. An instant classic just for the gore. This just reminds me of how good "The Dawn of the Dead" 2004 remake was good. These people rating it low, and saying they are horror fans, and complaining are the PG-13 wanna be horror fans.True horror fans are the rated R or Unrated movie watchers. If they can't handle it, then stay in the PG-13 groups that will never be true horror fans. I saw the viewing of the first in theater last night, and there were so many clapping and laughing at the over the top gore, and that is great. I am mind boggled at the stupidity of people tearing this masterpiece apart just for the heck of it, and also other masterpieces, and giving the crappy PG-13 ones better ratings.Learn the rules of horror, and PG-13 is not the rule of horror. Directors that do PG-13 for horror, just can't think of anything good to make the fans excited. I recommend this movie to everyone that is the true horror fans, not the fake wanna be crappy PG-13 fans that are lame, and make up excuses to not see it, because of the gore.
평점: 8	리뷰: Standing Ovation for Fede Alvarez...Wow! Saw the movie last night and I am speechless but have so much to say. I can't say enough about how incredible this movie is. Good story line, non stop nerve wrecking scenes, incredible make-up and it's very hard to believe no computer generated images. I have been a true horror movie lover all my life but in today's world there are so many lame so called "horror movies" that are just gore and pathetic. Evil dead has more mind bending, freaky, scary as hell shots with just enough gore to make it seem so freaking real. It takes a lot to creep me out and make me jump...Evil Dead had me actually frightened. I saw the original Evil Dead and it was awesome but this one blows it out of the water. I have seen hundreds of horror movies and without doubt...this one deserves an award. It kept me on edge with non-stop unexpected, bold scary scenes that just blew my mind. It had its own creativity like no other movie..it's an original for sure. If you like horror movies and want to be actually scared and not just grossed out...you have to check this one out! Hint...a little surprise if you stay until the credits are done...YOU WILL ENJOY THIS MOVIE!!
평점: 4	리뷰: I went in to this movie being a die hard Deadite, and was utterly disappointed about it. I then realized on my way home that if I wouldn't have gone into it thinking it was a remake it would have been a phenomenal movie! Its really annoying when they its a remake then change so much about it. I also HATE in movies when someone takes such a beating but keeps coming back (Like come on now....) and thats what they did in this movie. I would only recommend going to see it as long as you forget that it was a remake.I also did not like the stupid siren they kept playing in the background...and when the movie got towards then end I just kept thinking to myself...okay...when is this going to be over?
평점: 4	리뷰: You've already seen this movie. It was the remake of Black Christmas, Friday the 13th, and A Nightmare on Elm Street. It's every horror remake you've seen in the past ten years, only separated from the pack by lots of blood and pulp. Because the only thing this new version of Evil Dead has to offer is copious amounts of the red stuff.The film starts out with a prologue in which one man says "Baby" to his daughter, whom is he about to sacrifice, one too many times. This is just the beginning of the awful dialogue to come in the next twenty minutes as we move to the present day and get introduced to a group of friends through awfully stilted dialogue that only exists in movie world. I'm sure there are better ways to introduce your characters and their relationship to one another than having them openly remind the others of their relationship to them, their profession, and their back story. This is conversation that only exists in movie land, because real people don't need to be told you're their big brother or their best friend or that they're a high school teacher.After the clunky exposition, the film moves to the "scares" once a strange book is found in the basement of a cabin the friends are staying at to help one of them go through a cold turkey drug withdrawal. The quotes around "scares" was intentional, as there is not one genuine moment of suspense in this lifeless thing. The movie's sole calling card is the over-the-top gore, which, as an entertainment device, quickly loses steam the moment you realize that none of these effects are going to be preceded by any kind of suspense whatsoever. I saw the film with a theater that was 3/4 full and not a single person jumped, screamed, or showed any outward sign of emotion throughout.Once the unleashed demon begins taking over human bodies, the dialogue again takes another turn for the worse, with the possessed humans spouting dialogue that's straight out of more disturbing films like The Exorcist and come off like a kid trying too hard to impress his friends by saying the most extreme things he can think of without realizing how ridiculous he sounds.The last half of the film plays out like an effects workshop class, moving from one gross-out effect to another with slight pauses in between. Once the filmmakers intentions are made clear, the boredom quickly sets in. There is nothing remotely entertaining or suspenseful to fill the time. You can only sit there and wait for the next "genius" gross-out effect which is meant to carry the film in the absence of any good characterization or scares. For a horror movie to be slow is one thing, but when something is happening every five minutes and you're STILL bored, something is clearly wrong. And that's precisely what Evil Dead is--a boring film.The mood of the audience leaving the theater with me was underwhelming. For a movie that touted itself as "The most terrifying film you will ever experience", something obviously got lost along the way. This is every Platinum Dunes effort you've seen, only touched up with some more gore to make up for the complete lack of anything else. Unfortunately this is 2013 and this trick is played out.
평점: 10	리뷰: First my wife: She hate the amount of gore in this movie and she thought there should have been more scares but she did come to terms that it did deliver pure evil and stay true to Evil Dead. 6/10My Review: Loved it(Majority)! 10/10 I'm a big Evil Dead fan since the original.Helpful review: CONS: Okay to start off, it had a lot of gore and scenes that would really traumatized you. The scares and suspense could had more and less gore. I think that would made the movie close to a 9/10 instead of 8/10 but they still kept it to its true origins: PURE HORROR. The director wasn't great with his direction with this movie especially since he has done anything this big and I thought they should have given this task to someone that is more experiences and also true to the meaning of PURE HORROR. For example; The camera was upside down for a good minute after the intro and saw no point in the cinematography. Plus kept changing scenes from a birds-eye view. Not a good start. It would been better if they if the camera was from came from a birds-eye in the back and followed like in Evil Dead 2. The lighting(In opinion) in the dark scenes wasn't dark enough and if they made it darker, it would probably add more scare feel to it. PROS: The actors were surprisingly did pretty good because you sense their fear and their pain. They also didn't do anything that would be a typical horror scenes like the old saying "Curiosity killed the cat".They do anything stupid like "Where does this dark places? Oh, now I'm dead!" It was more they had to do it or they were checking on someones well being. The plot was brought together really well and had a deeper antagonist. It made more sense to have a common trait or a thing in this decade to bring these character together and play out smoothly. antagonist was the usually but simplified to one common entity and made it easier to grasp. The book of the dead was made fantastically. The print wasn't written in blood but the details and art made up for it. The introduction really caught my attention and most of the audience. From then on I was sucked in the movie. The effects were awesome. It brought back the old horror movie effect without over killing the CGI. The effects made it feel real and mentally painful, LOL. There are many scene in this movie that will make you want to scream in acne. If you do see it you'll understand.Overall: The movie stay true to horror. Plus it still stays on the lines with Evil Dead and doesn't drift off into something different or a disaster like the Carrie remake or the Fright Night remake. This movie wasn't a reboot, or remake. I can honestly say it was a fresh re-image of a cult classic horror movie. Though I a true fan of Evil Dead and horror movies. I gave this movie 10/10 only because I love it and hope horror movies come back booming to the old days with the modern times. This one of my favorites and always watch this every Halloween. Now, I anxious to get this on blu ray/ DVD combo pack. Now, If I was a critic I would give it a 7.5/10. It's worth that much.PS I heard there was a Bruce Campbell cameo after the credits. I don't know if it is true but you'll find out.
평점: 10	리뷰: Going into the new "Evil Dead" reboot/remake/sequel, my expectations couldn't have been lower. If "Texas Chainsaw 2D" taught me one thing, it is to avoid all trailers, TV spots, and clips for upcoming horror movies. Who wants to spent $11-12 on a movie when they've already seen the "good" stuff for free? With that in mind, I went into "Evil Dead" having no clue as to what to expect besides hearing from a few internet bloggers that it was supposedly one of the "goriest movies ever made". All I knew was that I loved Ash and I loved the original (I'm a bit less fond of the sequels). The original creators were on board with this remake, so how bad could it possibly be? Turns out, it is not bad at all. "Evil Dead" is in fact one of the very best horror movies of the last few years.As the film begins, we watch as a teenage girl is kidnapped and tortured by a good of townspeople including her father. They accuse her of being evil, a charge she most certainly denies. Her father pours gasoline on her as he prepares to see his daughter light up in flames. She begs for him to take mercy before taking the form of a possessed demon. He lights the match and the demon promises that he will indeed return. So far, fairly interesting if nothing like the original film.We flash forward to modern time as we meet five college aged students who are staying at an abandoned, dilapidated cabin the weekend. Their goal, is to get their best friend Mia (wonderfully played by Jane Levy in a role that had to be torture to endure) off the drugs once and for all. They make the pact that whatever they do, they won't leave the house until she is cured. Something tells me they are going to regret that promise come morning, that is if they survive to tell the tale.A look through the house reveals a strange basement sells with dead cats everywhere and a book wrapped in plastic and barbed wire. Of course, it doesn't take long for one of the memories of the group (shockingly the smart one, Eric, nicely played by Lou Taylor Pucci) to read from the Book of the Dead to unleash the spirits once again on the group of five. Turns out if the demon is able to feast from five souls in a night, the dead will rule the world again? Five good looking college students, five souls, the spirits are going to be having a buffet tonight. It is up to the leader of the group David (the very handsome Shiloh Fernandez who is the heart and soul of this film) to save the day by destroying the book, the cabin, and possibly his sister Mia's soul.Words cannot simply describe the experience of watching "Evil Dead" (2013). For a remake, it feels more like a sequel than anything and I really mean that as a compliment. This is the rare movie that stays true to the original while adding a strong new story, likable characters, and more blood and gore than you will likely see all year. It is relentless in its terror and atmosphere and actually made me feel uneasy at several key moments. If this film had to be cut to receive an R rating, I can't even imagine what the original NC-17 version looked like. Not everyone is going to come out of this film with the same admiration that I had for it. Those that like their horror "fun" may feel a bit drained by the entire experience but I left the theater shaking. Yes, I found it to be THAT good. If I see a better horror movie this year, it will be a damn good year for the genre as a whole.
평점: 10	리뷰: One thing I do have to say about Evil Dead right off the bat is that I saw it at the premiere showing in theaters, so there was a crowd. And I just find that in general horror movies are the most fun to see in a crowd at a movie theater, because you can all experience the same shocks, scares, and dumb jokes together. So, in saying that, I have to say this was a movie that was really FUN to go see. This is one of the most enjoyable experiences I've had at a movie theater in a while. If you're interested in seeing this while it's in theaters, try to see it before it's too late, because you're gonna have a good time.Now...aside from the experience, how is the actual movie? Well...really awesome, honestly. Remakes are generally pretty pointless, and remakes of horror movies in particular usually suffer the most. There was even more pressure put on this one too, since the original Evil Dead from 1981 is a cult classic, and one of my favorite horror movies. However, this updated version is one of the few remakes that gets it right. This could be in part because Sam Raimi and Bruce Campbell, director and star of the original, served as producers on the movie, but I don't want to say that because it discounts the great work everyone else put into this remake.One thing that surprised me about Evil Dead is how little of a remake it felt like at times. It'd be very easy to simply do a scene for scene retread of the old movie, but instead this version adds its own different characters, story lines, and intense moments. However, that's not to say elements of the original aren't in here. On the contrary, Evil Dead pays a lot of respect to the movie it's remaking by adding a ton of nods to it, some obvious and some more subtle. So the final product is a movie that takes an old concept for a movie, makes its own great movie out of it without copying, but also pays a lot of homage to its source. It works perfectly.The basic premise is one we've all heard of before. There's five people out in a cabin in the woods. A book of the dead is found in the basement, and opening it releases evil demons that are out to possess and kill them. What Evil Dead adds to the mix is it centers around the main character of Mia, who is there in the cabin along with everyone else to try and kick her drug addiction. I thought this brought an interesting dynamic to the beginning of the movie, because where most horror movie characters just refuse to believe something is going on when they're warned, when Mia starts seeing the demon in the woods, the other characters have a reason to believe she's seeing things, because she's going through withdrawal. From there though...the movie is just a nonstop ride of gory scenes. Saying anything more than that would spoil the experience. However, if you're not into blood/gore, definitely stay away.My only real gripe with Evil Dead is its script. The storyline is a little "eh" at times, the dialogue can be a little cheesy, and worst of all the characters mostly just aren't likable, at least until the end. Script issues aside, Evil Dead is fantastic and does everything right. I was really impressed with Jane Levy as the main character of Mia, who really brought everything to the table with her performance. Everyone else is mostly unknown actors, but they did fairly well most of the time. Fede Alvarez really did a great job directing this. One of the best things about this movie is that in an age where everything is done with CGI, Evil Dead uses only practical effects in the movie all throughout, and the end result is much more satisfying. There is a TON of blood and gore to be found here, so fans of that will eat this up. Possibly the most blood I've seen in a movie, at least in recent memory.All in all, major props to everyone who worked on this movie, I really enjoyed it. No, it's not as good as the original, but I didn't expect it to be. What we do get, though, is still one of the best horror movie experiences I've had in a long time, and a remake that really gets it right. Whether you're a fan of the original or just want to see a good horror movie, Evil Dead satisfies.
평점: 5	리뷰: This movie confirms the fact that most of the filmmakers who believe they have something to offer the public in the "horror" genre have no "bloody" idea how to do it. This has been the trend for at least a dozen years, or since the "Torture Porn" phase was unleashed on the public back in the day of "Saw" and "Hostel." How many human limbs can be severed is not a scary narrative. Sorry, it's not. It's merely disgusting and pathetic.Horror is a very popular genre, no question about it. I'm even a fan of it, but not when it is presented in such a profoundly vaporous way as this movie. Remember when we cared about the lead characters, like in "Alien" or "Exorcist." Hell, "Jaws" made this piece of evil tripe feel like a student film. The scariest part of this movie IS the acting.Can you imagine the look on the EFX crew when the director asked them to make it "rain blood?" Get those rain machines cranking and spew the bodily fluid over the entire set. "Excuse me? You want to do what?" the SPFX guys probably asked.This is a gore fest for all the wrong reasons. Perhaps, if the audience would start to walk out or, better yet, not even bother buying a ticket, we could begin to see the studios and the writers coming to market with intelligent, scary stories that can really get under our skin.I wish Fede got the memo because he did not deliver the goods. Instead, all he managed to do is show us how much blood he can spew on some really unlikable characters, and bad actors.
평점: 7	리뷰: The remake/sequel era continues. Will it ever end? Halloween, Texas Chainsaw Massacre, Friday the 13th, A Nightmare on Elm Street, the Hills Have Eyes, are any horror franchises safe? With the latest remake opening today, is this the new normal and are we ever going to see original horror films again? The Evil Dead remake has a lot going against it. For one, it is a remake, and two, the original has such a strong cult following they are sure to cry foul no matter how good the film is. I loved the original, loved it, loved it, loved it and I was unsure about this release. This film actually was very entertaining and I took it for what it was - a horror remake. And based off of that criteria, it was an enjoyable, blood soaking movie that is better than the average horror flare. This movie has its flaws, which are many, but overall it was a good little horror film and will be in the top 5 for best horror in 2013.Some of the problems I had with it were that this time around, instead of having carefree kids go to a cabin for fun, we have a heroin addict trying to go cold turkey and under no circumstances will they leave the cabin. There is no reason why we need such character development in this type of film. All of the sudden, we know the back story of all of the characters whereas in the original you barely knew their names let alone their occupation, status, whether or not they where a drug addict or if they have abandonment issues. This type of character driven movie slowly takes away from what really is important, the deadites obviously.There are, however, cool self mutilation scenes, very cool kill scenes and a somewhat satisfying ending to the film, so it is not a totally drag. There is some CGI but not as much compared to others in the genre, which is a good thing because we can only take so much fake blood. CGI just looks cheap in other horror movies and really lessens the impact of the violent scene we are watching. And speaking about those violent scenes, they are really violent and it's nice to see the fake blood splash into the actors' faces rather than to digitalize the blood where it would look just like a cartoon.We have the burden of living in the Remake/Sequel Era of film and it sucks because instead of getting original material that could be mind blowing and would add a fresh new take of the genre we are left with these glossy, sharp looking remakes that just adds staleness to the genre. Why would they even remake Evil Dead anyway? It wasn't even that popular of a film, even its sequels were considered minor successes. The whole reason why Evil Dead struck such a cord with its audience is because it was so over the top. The axe chopping, the claymation foolery, the deadite eating off its own hand, these are the things that made the original awesome. While there are some scenes in the remake that do remind you of the original, the overall craziness factor seems to be missing. In the original trilogy, you couldn't guess what was going to happen next whereas in this remake, you didn't only guess, you knew what was going to happen. However there was a nice of enough twist at the end to remind us that there is some originality in this film to make it stand alone, standing alone 10 steps behind the original of course, but alone nonetheless. This movie was entertaining and it had a few jumps here and there but it is a remake and a remake has rarely ever been better then the original. But behind all of the glossy feel there is some fun to be had here. I recommend this film, especially for the people who haven't seen the original because their expectations wont be so high.For more reviews visit my Youtube channel Logan Toxic and visit my blog logantoxic.blogspot
평점: 8	리뷰: The facts:1) The film is produced by Sam Raimi who was the producer/writer/director of the original and Bruce Campbell who played the lead role of Ash as well as produced the original film. 2) The film is directed, however, by newcomer Fede Alvarez and this is his first feature film (much like the original was Sam Raimi's first feature film).3) Fede used no CGI for the production of this film. Much like how the Bourne movies benefited greatly from utilizing no CGI, this decision pays off big time for the 2013 Evil Dead as all the scenes came out looking hyper realistic.4) The camera work and overall cinematography is simply first rate which is truly remarkable given that it's Fede's first feature length film.5) There is more exposition in this film than in the original Evil Dead. We're treated to a prologue scene as well as given more detailed back stories for the film's central characters. This was the only decision I really questioned. To me, back stories and explanation and all that are irrelevant to begin with and takes away from the realism. Individuals in real life horrific situations aren't going to be near as concerned with why they're in that situation as much as they are with how the hell they're going to get out of it. That's my one and only beef with the re-make. The time spent on exposition was time wasted in my opinion.6) The comedic element is much darker and much more borderline than the original. While the original was filled with seemingly unintentionally comic scenes, this remake is filled with scenes so dark it's hard to tell if it's intended to be black comedy or not. "Are you serious?" is a question you'll likely find yourself asking at various moments. An example of this is a scene where it is discovered that one of the characters has amputated their own arm and then calmly states, "I did it, I feel much better now." A fan of the original should recognize the humor both in it's nod to the original films and in the ridiculousness of a character who just amputated their own limb claiming that they're "better now". However, given the hyper realism of the amputation and it's bloody aftermath, this and many other examples of dark comedy may be lost to some moviegoers, especially those unfamiliar with the originals. The characters make dumb decisions because the original characters made dumb decisions and even though the consequences seem much graver this time around given the films gritty realism, it's still funny as hell to watching these stupid kids make stupid decisions.7) To those fans anxious about "who is supposed to be Ash's replacement", Fede gives a definite answer with a twist. I won't spoil it as it provides a pretty good plot twist to fans of the original films, but I will say that the decision I believe was truly inspired. Some fans inevitably didn't approve but as a die hard fan myself, I loved it.8) If you're not familiar with the original films some aspects, including the aforementioned twist, may be lost to you. Since the original film was the basis for what has become modern horror movie tropes, those unfamiliar with the 1981 film may not appreciate the 2013 takes on all these tropes. Without the original, Fede Alvarez's Evil Dead may come of as simply a bloodier more gruesome version of a typical horror movie. And in many ways it is, but that's because the original Evil Dead set many of the standards for what is now consider to be typical fare for horror movies these days.9) If you've seen the original films but didn't like them, then you probably won't like this one much either. Go read the late Roger Ebert's review of the film. He didn't like the original Evil Dead much either and gives a pretty accurate view of how you'll probably feel about the 2013 version.10) If you're a fan of the originals, then you'll be doing yourself a grave disservice by not seeing the 2013 version in theaters. Even if you don't enjoy the film as much as I did, true fans of the franchise need to go see Sam and Bruce's newest addition, otherwise you're not a true fan.
평점: 8	리뷰: I'm a moderate fan of the original film, and went into this with fairly elevated expectations due to the stellar trailers and advertisements. While it didn't quite live up to my expectations, I can't exactly complain about it either. This 2013 re-telling has Mia (Jane Levy) going up to the family cabin with her brother (Shiloh Fernandez), his girlfriend (Elizabeth Blackmore), and friends Eric (Lou Taylor Pucci) and Olivia (Jessica Lucas), in an attempt to detox and rid herself of her life-threatening heroin addiction. After coming across the remnants of some sort of ritual in the basement, they discover a skin-bound book full of illustrations and incantations. Eric, an English teacher, makes a wrong move by decoding them, and unleashing a terrible evil in the woods.Fans of the original film are predisposed to hating this simply because it's a slick high- budget remake to Raimi's original punk filmmaking classic, but director Fede Alverez re- interprets the framework of the original film and ties things together in an unexpected bloodbath.While there is an apparent lack of suspense, it's worth noting that the original film didn't particularly care for that tenet either. In many ways, this remake is closer to the original film that people would like to think, at least in terms of characters and logistics— as I mentioned, suspense takes backseat; the characters in this film aren't terribly realized (and they weren't in Raimi's film either, I don't care what you say); not much is explicated as to what the "book of the dead" really is; and, as with the original, it turns into little more than an absolute gorefest about halfway through. The main differences in this remake involve some character tweaking and variation of events when the group begins to be taken over by the demons. We still get admirable re-imaginings of classic scenes, which is always welcome.I'd also like to applaud the actors in the film; all of them turn in solid performances, but Jane Levy and Lou Taylor Pucci really shine here. Levy, relatively a newcomer, has some surprising turns when going from ill drug addict to demonic monster, and Lou Taylor Pucci is believable and likable as the smart guy who takes a significant beating. I was particularly surprised by both of their performances.I also have to give huge props to the special effects in the film, which were reportedly entirely done without CGI; assuming this was true, they pulled off quite a feat. The violence in this film looks shockingly real, and what is shown on screen is completely unrestrained. People who like gross-out horror will get plenty here.Overall, this was a fun cinema experience for me. People will endlessly discuss the film's shortcomings in relation to Raimi's original film, but I really think the truth is that this remake has more in common with the original than hardcore fans are willing to admit. 1981's "Evil Dead" was not a bloodless suspense film, nor was it a character study or a measured thriller— it was an obnoxious, gory, devilish romp, and this remake is a 21st century rendition of that exact formula. 7/10.
평점: 8	리뷰: When I heard that Sam Raimi and Bruce Campbell were backing this I had hope. But when it comes to remakes, you shouldn't get excited over them. I'm going to begin my ranting and raving now.Brief trailer thoughts: Before I get into the movie, I want to talk about the future of horror, or should I say lack of a future. There were three horror trailers, two about home invasions, and the other was that garbage Carrie remake. Why can't we ever get good horror movies any more, you either get a gore fest or generic ghost story. I am currently creating horror stories that are miles better than anything I have seen in years, it's just sad how low horror has stooped.The film: I am a fan of Raimi's three films, evil dead 2 being my favourite. I must admit this is my third favourite out of the bunch, mainly because I really didn't care for Army of Darkness. The opening scene was rather dull, you don't learn anything, it was a horrible opening. Then we meet the characters, I didn't care for any of them, Eric may have unleashed the demon, but he was the only one I liked. The movie was pretty boring until stuff started going south, once that occurred I never lost interest. The atmosphere is high at some points, but fails to remain constant. The woods are the highlight, they look great, I loved the grey tones and the rain. The only notable gore effects were when that girl cuts her arm off, that was awesome, the rest of the effects have been done before. These are the only good parts of the film. Every thing else was garbage, it seems explicit violence was all this film had to offer, to bad I don't care about that kind of stuff anymore. It's a shame this one didn't stand out much, but it is still better than most horror films. I gave this a six, I also gave Texas Chainsaw a six, I have to say I liked Texas Chainsaw better. Oh, and I should mention this film isn't even remotely scary or suspenseful, because you can already predict how the film is going to play out.It's the second best horror film of the year so far, I sincerely doubt there will be anything that could knock this film or Texas Chainsaw off of their perch, so for that I say give it a watch.I find it amusing how bad all of these reviews are getting trolled, it's hilarious how may thumbs down these got, mine went from a 4 out of 5 people agree, to a 4 out of 26 people people agree in the matter of a few hours, I love it, it's hilarious, keep crying.
평점: 5	리뷰: First review I write, and honestly I'm only writing it because of all the bad reviews this movie got. Yeah the movie is not "The most terrifying film you will ever experience" as the posters said, but it clearly doesn't deserve a 1/10 (even though I got a little disappointed as I thought I would at last get some chills). With the poor overall quality of horror/slasher movies in the past 5 or more years, I think this movie is a little superior to other ones.Long story short, I liked it, it's not even near "a waste of cash", but in 3 or 4 years you wont remember much of the film but one or two almost- memorable moments. P.S: Sorry for my English, I'm from Argentina.
평점: 3	리뷰: After seeing The Cabin In the Woods and hearing about The Evil Dead being remade, like most fans of THE Evil Dead, I was pretty excited. Surely, the screenwriters would dig deep into the bowels of their creativity and give us something fresh like what Josh Wheadon and Drew Goddard did for The Cabin in the Woods. Nope. Evil Dead got bad from the time it was established that Mia's drug problem was the back drop for the trip to the cabin. That's waay too serious of a topic to be the set up for a movie like The Evil Dead which never took itself serious and in not taking itself serious, the audience was able to believe the absurdity and laugh at it. Yes, THE Evil Dead was hilarious, remember? The humor came out of the situation, watching Ash and Scott trying to kill the demons was hilarious. The demons themselves were hilarious. Evil Dead....not one chuckle. And don't give me this crap about "dark" humor. Humor means you laugh, period. Whether it's dark or light, funny means you laughed. But there's blood...a whooole lot of blood. Note to producers/director- blood does not equal scary. Screenwriters-who am I rooting for in this poor excuse for a remake? I wanted Mia to die and her brother to kill her, for real, and survive. Maybe that's just me thinking David was going to take the Ash role and end up fighting off the demons...maybe wind up in a portal to another time a place. Oh wait, that's another movie.
평점: 8	리뷰: I am very curious to read and hear reactions from people with no knowledge of the Evil Dead series. The film begins as a remake of the original cult classic, which leaned heavily on horror instead of the camp humor that would dominate the sequels. But once the movie reaches its second-act, it starts to slowly transition into Evil Dead II territory. Co-writer and director Fede Alvarez never comes anywhere near the trademark comedy of that installment but he's definitely tipping his toe in the water. So I can imagine many viewers that are newcomers to the franchise will be thinking, "what the...?"This remake, released 30 years after the original became a genre favorite on VHS, tries to correct several flaws made by its counterpart. It is better paced and has a superior screenplay. The plot revolves around Mia, who is played brilliantly by Jane Levy of Suburgatory fame. She's a drug addict trying to go cold turkey after the death of her mother and an overdose soon after. She stays at her family's cabin with support from her closest friends and estranged brother. After one of them discovers the Book of the Dead in the basement, a demon is unleashed and the reign of terror begins. Evil Dead, like its predecessors, is unrelenting. There aren't many moments for audiences to catch their breath. It's a near endless stream of mayhem. It definitely lives up to its promise of being the most terrifying film experience of all-time. However, it lacks the charm and tongue-n-cheek of the Sam Raimi helmed trilogy. Alvarez recreates Raimi's signature visual style, which is great, but he avoids all the eye-winking except for a few moments. Teenages attacked in the woods is a tired concept in horror films. The Evil Dead movies are supposed to freshen up that sub-genre and provide something different. This remake is mostly run of the mill and only slightly stands-out through entertainment value, strong visuals, and a memorable lead character. It's a great gateway to the original trilogy, but it's not in the same league. Well, at least not on a pedestal like Evil Dead II and Army of Darkness. Regardless, it succeeds as far as remake are concerned, but it breaks no new ground.
평점: 10	리뷰: Was the first thing that came out of my mouth when I walked out of the theater yesterday. I'm a true horror movie fan. Love the original series. Love extreme movies such as "Martyrs," "A Serbian Film," etc. I can't wait to see what the director brings to the table next. He has a knack for creepy, disturbing visuals, which, in my opinion, trump cheap scare tactics shown in pretty much every horror movie now days. What's awesome is that I hyped myself up for this film, and I wasn't let down! That's rare. Go see this film. The haters obviously either hated the movie before they watched it...or were just too cool to admit they were freaked out. Enjoy!
평점: 8	리뷰: Before I start this review I want to say that I'm a super hardcore Evil Dead fan, and that my excitement for this film was incredibly high, so were my expectations. With that said, I absolutely loved this film. Was it by any means a perfect film? No it wasn't, it definitely had it's flaws, such as underdeveloped characters, and poor dialogue. But this didn't bother me at all; I actually like bad dialogue. It's a horror movie you don't need strong characters always, and the characters that needed development did get it by the end of the film. Now onto the positive. The film looks visually amazing, everything from the effects to how it was shot. The cinematography was outstanding, and really showcased how beautiful New Zealand is. I mean I can't get over how awesome it looked, also the camera angles and techniques were just incredible. I liked that they used similar ones to the original, and still kept the Deadite P.O.V. The effects which for the most part were practical looked incredibly real and believable, I did notice CGI used though, which didn't but me. But 100 percent practical, definitely not. Not only was this film visually good but the sound worked very well. The score helped to create tension, and flowed well. It is also beautiful on its own, I definitely plan on listening to the soundtrack. Even though the characters didn't really have development, the film was still paced well. Setting up things without being to excessive than just letting loose. When things take off they really take off, there still were a few slow spots though. I actually did find some of the moments a little emotional, at least more than the original. You can actually feel for some of the characters at times. The acting was great, at least I thought. The dialogue made the acting seem bad at times, at least during the beginning but when it was good the acting really shine. Shilloh Fernadez did was very believable for the most part, and Jane Levey really stole the show as Mia. Playing a believable junkie without going to over the top. This was just such a well made horror film, and you can really feel director Fede Alvarez's passion for this franchise. Even with it's flaw Evil Dead is still a bloody good time. And stay after the credits for a special treat.
평점: 8	리뷰: Let me begin by saying that the original Evil Dead is my favorite movie of all time so this review will in fact be biased. If you came into this movie expecting it to be as good as the original then you were going to be displeased. It wasn't the original, it wasn't trying to be the original, and it wasn't trying to beat the original. Please get that through your thick skulls. The new one was partially produced by Bruce Campbell and Sam Raimi, that means any and everything put into this movie had to go by them. Trust me, Bruce wouldn't let a movie be made that he felt wasn't in the best interest for the franchise. A common complaint is the amount of gore that is in this movie. If you didn't want to see gore then DO NOT watch a horror movie. Yes it is a lot of gore and blood but honestly it fits into the movie nicely. This "rebirth" is about as good as a remake is going to get, so quit whining. If you don't like it or want to watch it then don't. I absolutely loved the gore and the effects. I loved the camera work, I loved the set/cabin, I loved the props, I loved all of the references to the original. I loved almost everything about this movie(notice I said 'almost'). The only things that I didn't like was the fact that Olivia just died(or maybe disappeared I really don't know) after getting beat by a piece of toilet. She should have gotten back up, at least according to the known ways of killing a deadite. The other thing that bothered me was that Mia was just completely free from the demon after being buried. It just didn't add up. Anyways, if you're a true fan of the original series I suggest watching this. It is a very fun and nicely done film.
평점: 8	리뷰: My friend and I have been waiting for this movie for so long; we haven't seen the original, no, so this review in no way applies to the initial film or the storyline within that. I was just like, "eh." That was the problem. My friend and I went in there ready to be terrified and screaming, but really there was nothing to scream at! It was definitely one of the most disgusting things either of us have ever seen - that goes without saying. But as far as scare tactics, I'm not sure where the critics are getting the feeling that it's "redesigning the horror genre."Jane Levy, for one, was awesome. I believed every aspect of her story - possessed and not - from beginning to end. She really is on the rise. Lou Taylor Pucci comes in a distant second; at least he understands what it means to "feel" scared rather than "appear scared." Lucas, Blackmore, and Fernandez, however, each failed in some respect to deliver what was needed to be believable. If a girl, who is close to you, is cutting through her tongue in front of your face, don't you think you'd be doing a little more than breathing somewhat heavily and staring? The last 10 minutes were by far the scariest. No spoilers here, but at least there was some edgy music and intense visuals to make it "scary" rather than "gory." Realism was also something that was unexpectedly found in this movie; every character had pretty good reason to do certain things or act certain ways, and each actor showed effort. Not all succeeded.That's why I gave it a 5. Trust me: I have been waiting for this for months and honestly wanted so badly to run into my house when I get home, shaking, giving this film a 10 and rave reviews. I really did. Sometimes, though, too high of expectations lead to too much leeway for disappointment, and this was one of those times.Go ahead - see it for yourself! It had it's moments. But as far as the critics reviews go, there's too much hype. Definitely worth watching for Levy's stunning performance, but not if you're waiting for pop-ups or heart wrenching scares. You'll be sick from this movie before you're trembling from this movie.
평점: 8	리뷰: Wow! What a relief this was to see that horror still exists and directors are beginning to understand the genre. Loved, loved, loved this move from start to finish. Excellent character development, I felt the love between brother and sister which was absolutely great! I went into this movie with an open mind, having never seen the original and had no idea what I was up against. The gore, the story, the plot, rising resolutions all held the attention of the audience and even caused me to shake a little. I trembled as the movie reached its climax and found myself completely horrified from all the gore and the deaths which had taken place. I am not here to spoil this adventure for anyone and encourage individuals who are looking to see horror revived to take time and watch this movie. Great way to start the spring and a great way to say "no more BS horror flicks". Thank you Evil Dead for setting the bar of what horror is supposed to look like.....
평점: 9	리뷰: Man I almost didn't go see this because of the reviews on here. But once again I find out most of these people suck at judging movies. It sounds to me like most of the people complaining on here were not fans of the first one. And also those who were saying that this film has no one liners, your crazy I laughed through the whole film. I thought this was a great remake of the first. It was new but still had the old feeling of the original. Right down to the people getting fooled by the demon(to funny). Or the classic "soul..." lines. So screw these people who are saying this is an awful remake. Go see the new tina fay movie(I'm sure your a fan). Once again, all I can say is if you liked the original, go see this. If you didn't, why the hell are you seeing the remake.
평점: 8	리뷰: "The Evil Dead" suffers from the same malaise as many of the modern remakes of grindhouse/B Horror classics("I Spit On Your Grave", "Black Christmas" etc.). Rather than use the extra budget to fully realize the ideas and quirks that made the originals awesome......those buckets of cash are dumped into bloated, overlong run times and buckets of CGI blood sloshed about with a few surround sound sheer volume "jump" moments.Unfortunately a lot of makes B horror classics special is the inventiveness forced by their sheer lack of budget.Concise runtimes born of necessity often kept things moving at a brisk pace, with out fluff or an excess of pointless padding.Think about "The Beyond" and its glorious dime store surrealism, "Dead & Buried"'s layers of moody atmosphere, the weird quirk that managed to make people root for "The Human Centipede" to escape its scenery chewing creator....or in the case of "The Evil Dead" the fact that it was a horror film, but had a very good balance of black comedy, and Bruce Campbell had an excellent knack for knowing when to toss in a bit of a wink and a nudge. Granted, the original "Evil Dead" isn't nearly as camp/slapstick as its sequels...but it did have a sense of spiteful fun amongst all of the gore. The remake plays dead straight for so long, when it finally attempts a few brief moments of the original's laughs, they fall as flat as the actors' bland performances. It plods through the original plot pretty faithfully, and completely ignores the fact that the plot wasn't what made the original great. Demonic possession, the haunted cabin in the woods.....those were genre clichés in 1981, and they are more so 30 years later. Without the spirited ability to make fun of itself......."The Evil Dead" becomes a shadow of its former self, and the few spots where the remake changes essential plot elements only serve to make this ever more of a wad of ABC gum, with about as much flavor.The protagonists die in the exact order you'd expect them to, and it all comes across as oddly perfunctory, with buckets of bile and a demon with a voice stolen straight from "The Exorcist" part of just another day at the office.Additionally, for a $14,000,000 film, it's appallingly sloppy in a way that could easily been avoided with that much production budget. I can forgive a $1.50 and a shoestring film for plot holes, continuity errors and characters that are lifeless long before their on screen deaths. When it's a glossy Hollywood production the fact that all of the above happen often isn't homage.....it's just careless and lazy.The few traditional special effects are ridiculously cheap and poorly done, and were clearly afterthoughts tossed in after the CGI budget line item ran out. Objects are broken, tossed aside or set on fire....only to necromance back to their original state a few frames later.The modern "Evil Dead" committed the cardinal sin of a horror film. It was utterly boring. No one at my screening squealed, laughed or got grossed out by the added ultra violence.....we all just munched on our popcorn and let out a collective "meh" as the end credits rolled.
평점: 8	리뷰: When I first heard that a remake of the "Evil Dead" was being made, I reacted in the way I always react about horror remakes. I hates the idea and cursed the idiots in Hollywood who would die if they had an original thought.I started to come around to the idea after a while, however. I assumed, wrongly, that with Sam Raimi, Robert Tapert and Bruce Campbell as producers that maybe it would be unlike the other horrid remakes out there. Then came the commercial with the girl in the cellar sing songing that little creepy rhyme. I liked the rhyme because that is what horror is. Horror is not monsters making you jump or excess blood all over the place. True horror is subtlety. True horror takes something that by all means should not be scary and makes it scary. True horror lies in the rhymes and the stories we tell each other as kids. So when the credits ran and this scene did not even appear in the movie, I was ready to explode. This movie was not clever. It was not scary. It was not creepy. It was nothing but excessive gore for gore's sake. "Evil Dead" and "Evil Dead 2" are two of the truly most brilliant and scary movies ever made. To this day I am still will not go into a fruit cellar after seeing Henrietta burst out of the fruit cellar floor. But what these original movies had were low budget film makers who made excellent films out of love and desire of the material.You cannot take a movie that takes place in a cabin in the middle of nowhere, add huge production values and blood and expect it to come anywhere near the "Evil Dead." The existence of this dreadful piece of garbage is sad and they need to bury it for good.
평점: 4	리뷰: The original Evil Dead was the movie of its time. That said, this remake is kinda the opposite. Everything you'll see in this movie, you've probably seen before. I do give it props for doing an OK job staying with the original plot. But the trailer is pretty much the whole movie. I just wish it had more scares and more surprising elements. This movie is entertaining but forgettable. Next time they should focus more on the story and less on gore. Because blood and gore alone cant sustain any movie. Entertaining movie but something that will be forgotten over the years. 5 stars for gallons of gore and staying with the original plot.
평점: 10	리뷰: When the remake of the 1981 horror classic "The Evil Dead" was announced in late 2011, fans of the series reacted, unsurprisingly, with revulsion. At the heart of their outrage lay a simple question: Why? How could a remake possibly improve upon the original? The first film's charm had much to do with its shoestring budget and utter lack of prestige. The cast and crew were a ragtag group of amateurs who essentially had no clue what they were doing. The filming process was notoriously unpleasant, requiring the team to live in a primitive log-cabin in the backwoods of Eastern Tennessee. It shouldn't have worked. And yet, when The Evil Dead hit theaters, it won over audiences across the world with its simplistic, clumsy charm and unique sense of humor--not to mention its pioneering camera work and brilliant practical effects. It paved the way for a decade of ultra-violent, low budget horror movies (either the best thing to happen to the genre or the worst, depending on who you're talking to.) Few products of the medium have ever enjoyed such influence.Though a more technically advanced film, Fede Alvarez' 2013 remake--backed, disappointingly, by Raimi and Campbell themselves-- is as shoddy a production as the original, but without the charm and humor to redeem it. The fundamental problem with Alvarez' version (and Diablo Cody's reworking of the script) is that it approaches the material with ludicrous self seriousness, thus making itself vulnerable to more intense scrutiny, against which it has little hope of defense. The film begins promisingly enough, opening with a disturbing scene of father-daughter filicide, but immediately tumbles downhill when the meat of the plot (what little there is) is revealed. The premise is this: A group of five twenty-somethings treks out into the woods for a high school reunion/intervention, hoping to permanently cure Mia (Jane Levy) of her heroin addiction. They hole up in Mia and her brother David's (Shiloh Fernandez) decrepit family cottage and steel themselves for the worst of the withdrawal symptoms to set in. However, their priorities soon shift when Eric (Lou Taylor Pucci) discovers a copy of the Necronomicon (wrapped in barbed wire, bound in human skin, and with explicit admonishments written in bold red letters upon its pages) and recites the exact words the book warns him not to recite under any circumstance. What follows thereafter should, by all rights, be an entertaining, gory romp through the swamps. Instead, we are treated to seventy minutes of unrelenting stupidity and bad acting. The worst offender is the brainless David, our lackluster stand in for Bruce Campbell's Ash, who, for three quarters of the movie, simply can't get it through his thick skull that his sister has been possessed by a demon, despite all evidence leading to that conclusion. His dimwitted attempts to contain the situation are extraordinarily frustrating to watch, as is the extreme gullibility of the other characters. How many times will these fools fall for the old "I'm not a demon!" trick? Make it a drinking game. You'll be wasted by the end of the movie.Again, all of these transgressions would be more easily forgiven if the movie didn't take itself so seriously. But there's nary an amusing one-liner or even a hint of self-awareness to get us through this study in tedium. Even the gore is disappointing--or, at least, it failed to impress this seasoned genre enthusiast. Recent films that top Evil Dead in that department include Slither, Feast, and Cabin Fever, among others.Here's hoping the "Carrie" remake fares a little better.
평점: 10	리뷰: Is this film perfect? No. Is this film better than the original? I think the question is unfair. To a younger generation, I can see how they'll prefer this over the original. To my generation, I can see how we'll prefer the original. It's just the way it is.The film contains lots of gross-out, bloody scenes (much like the original). The film contains some over-the-top scenes and acting (much like the original). Once the carnage begins, the film is basically about the carnage (much like the original). The film contains some wonderful dark humor (much like the original).The setup of the addict trying to kick her habit (and not for the first time) logically keeps the kids at the cabin when the audience sees things starting to get a bit strange. The new ending was cool and freaky. Overall, they did a great job creating the atmosphere of an Evil Dead film.However, I'm reading most of the negativity surrounding this film is due to a lack of story, bad acting, under-developed characters, and lack of scares. Again, these same criticisms are what make the original so great. Bruce Campbell had three films as Ash. His personality really started to take shape in Evil Dead II: Dead By Dawn and was further enhanced in Army of Darkness. It seems as though most people are comparing this latest remake to the trilogy, as opposed to the original.There are some aspects of the film I could've done without (like some of the random jump scares that were inserted). Overall, I felt as though there was a bit of tension in the crowd, which is what makes a good horror film.Finally, the musical score was great.As to the devoted followers of Sam Raimi who are happy that he "had nothing to do with this film." He was a producer on the film and kept tabs on things as they went, wanting to give the new filmmakers space to make their own film but not allowing what he thought was a piece of crap to share the Evil Dead name. Yes. Sam Raimi endorses this film, and he was involved.For me, growing up with the original, I will always cherish that one. When the two DVDs are sitting side-by-side, I will reach for the original more often than the remake, but I think the remake disc will get plenty of wear. Go into this film with an open mind, and I think you will be pleasantly surprised.
평점: 7	리뷰: Remakes are a sensitive subject in cinema. There are camps of fans that will be excited to see a favorite story of theirs remade or re-imagined. Then there are camps of fans that will decry even the idea of their favorite film being remade, heralding the death and ruination of the original. Both sides are equally justified in their arguments, as once an audience sees a film it ceases to merely be a product of the production team. Ownership passes to the audience as the movie is experienced, and as such they are entitled to feel possessive. Sam Raimi's The Evil Dead is one such movie that has amassed a cult following in the 30 some odd years since its release, and feelings have been mixed since it was announced that it would be remade. The director was an unknown, the cast was a mixed bag of TV and indie film faces, and there was a decidedly large absence of Bruce Campbell. All of the ingredients were in place for this film to fail, and fail miserably. Trust me when I say that all of your worries are completely unfounded, and within your darkened theater, you have everything to fear. The frame of the original's minimal story is present but embellished a bit to provide some weight for the characters. The five friends are at the cabin to help Mia (Jane Levy) detox from heroin cold turkey. Accompanying her are her friends Eric (Lou Taylor Pucci) and Olivia (Jessica Lucas), her estranged brother David (Shiloh Fernandez), and his girlfriend Natalie (Elizabeth Blackmore). There is some past history between the group involving the siblings strained relationship with their parents and each other, as well as some stress between David and the others after he skipped town. There is also a little prologue that opens the movie that gives a little background on what's happening for those unfamiliar with the overall story that also sets the tone of what's to come. These elements that make up the first act yield mixed results, and are honestly the weakest parts of the movie. The story and relationships are decent enough to get you invested in the primary characters but the rest are clearly established as demon fodder. The detox is also a realistic enough narrative ploy to keep them in the cabin until it's too late because, as we all know, heroin addicts will do anything to score another fix. The beginnings of Mia's possession are attributed to her sober manipulations to get back to humanity, so the weight of the situation doesn't hit the group until it's too late.Once everything kicks into gear in the second act, Evil Dead proves that it belongs among the masterworks of the horror genre. It is a triumph of suspense, gore, and jump out of your seat scares, the likes of which haven't been seen in a long time. Fede Alvarez has the same keen eye for atmosphere and lighting that Raimi exhibited in the original, and for every genre convention that he breezes through he immediately sets a new standard for horror films to come. The amount of dismemberment and brutality on display are felt and experienced with every fiber of being thanks to some impressive makeup and effects. Something worth noting is that the effects Alvarez utilizes are almost entirely practical, leaving distracting CGI at the wayside. He's also smart enough to know that the best horror films are built like roller coasters and that you have to allow for moments of levity to lift some of the suspense. It is darkly hilarious at times and it's this sense of humor that is one of the greatest assets it carries over from the original, while not necessarily to the same degree.Evil Dead pays its dues to its predecessor in the ways a remake should in the first two acts, and does a damn good job of it. But just when you think it's about to get wholly predictable, Alvarez kicks it into overdrive and flips the whole movie on its head. The finale is unpredictable, ruthless, and visceral to a degree that I didn't think the movie was capable of achieving. Horror films have a notable tendency to fizzle as ideas run dry in the third act, but Alvarez saves the best for last. Truthfully, it's one of the most satisfying and intense horror climaxes in decades.If you're not a fan of the original, or the genre in general, then Evil Dead won't change your mind. It's not going to be a crossover hit that draws in the crowd outside of the one it's catered to. Also, there are some genre rules that are diligently followed, thanks to its tie to the original, which may seem hokey or weird to a modern audience. For fans of the campy cult classic they grew up with, Alvarez's Evil Dead is the realization of an impressive vision of horror approved of by both Sam Raimi and Bruce Campbell, and that should be all the encouragement you need to see this movie. For those that might still be on the fence, I'm here to tell you Evil Dead is well worth your money. It is everything you want from the established series and then some. By the end you will have laughed, cringed, shrieked, and cheered for the rebirth of a franchise that has been buried in the woods for far too long. Hail to the king baby!
평점: 9	리뷰: The harrowing imagery alone makes the "Evil Dead" remake worth the price of admission. "Spider-Man" helmer Sam Raimi directed the original "Evil Dead" back in 1981. He swirled horror with humor in a low-budget scream-fest with a no-name cast. Despite its crappy special effects, this supernatural splatter-spoof ranks as a cult favorite among gorehounds. Raimi went on to direct two sequels, and Bruce Campbell attained the status of B-movie hero. The skewered cinematography, atmospheric settings, and maniacal urgency made this contrived 85 minute nonsense unforgettable. Comparatively, in his directorial debut, writer & director Fede Alvarez, abetted by co-scenarists Rodo Sayagues and Diablo Cody, has preserved the premise of the Raimi classic. Nevertheless, he has shunned Raimi's ghoulish but campy approach. Moreover, the Uruguayan native has ramped up the gore far more than Raimi dared. In fact, Alvarez has knocked the bottom out with some elaborately orchestrated carnage that makes the "Saw" movies look tame. One scene depicts a girl mutilating her arm with an electric carving knife. The MPAA must have felt in a charitable mood when they gave "Evil Dead" an R-rating "for strong bloody violence and gore, some sexual content and language." The visual CGI effects are designed to make you regurgitate. Make no mistake; Alvarez has conjured up one hellacious nightmare of a movie. One of the girls acts as if she were auditioning for "The Ring" (1998) rather than "The Evil Dead." She crawls around on her hands with her hair in her eyes and blood and gore all over her body. Indeed, the isolated cabin-in-the-woods plot provides an excuse for ample mutilation, rampant dismemberment, and buckets of blood. Unlike the original, Alvarez's "Evil Dead" doesn't duplicate the bucolic rape of one of the girls. Alvarez doesn't plunge the bole of a tree between her thighs as Raimi did in the original. Instead, Alvarez has a sinister witch cough up a skein of black licorice that crawls up and into the struggling girl's mouth.In the 1981 original "Evil Dead," five Michigan State college students cruised up to a ramshackle cabin in the middle of nowhere to enjoy Spring Break. They discover a tape recording and a book fashioned from human flesh in the basement. One of them recites passages aloud from the forbidden text. The combination of the Book of the Dead being opened and its incantations being uttered summons evil. Predictably, all Hell breaks loose. The big change in the remake is Alvarez provides an incendiary prologue. Two men manhandle a girl into a basement and lash her to a post. The girl's father incinerates her while a crone mutters incantations from the same Book of the Dead. As an opening gambit, this torture scene prepares us for the pandemonium that ensues. Level-headed college students made up the original "Evil Dead" group. The remake deploys a group of friends rehabilitating one of their own. Mia (Jane Levy of "Fun Size") has a monkey on her back in the form of heroin. After spending several years apart from each other, she is reunited with her older brother, David (Shiloh Fernandez of "Red"), who knows nothing about her addiction. The two share some bad memories. Namely, David left Mia to contend with their dying, mentally distraught mom. Not only is Mia a heroin junkie, but also this isn't the first time she has tried to conquer her craving. As Olivia (Jessica Lucas of "Clovefield") informs David, she and her friends don't intend to let Mia bail out of the treatment. For the record, David is the vague equivalent of Ash (Bruce Campbell) from the original. Alvarez has given all the characters different names. This time around, Olivia and company plan to keep Mia isolated in the woods while she endures a cold-turkey withdrawal. No sooner has this been said and done than Olivia's bespectacled boyfriend, Eric (Lou Taylor Pucci of "Fanboys"), finds the Book of the Dead, made from human flesh, scrawled in blood, and bound by barbed wire. Foolishly, Eric reads aloud from this tome. Meantime, Mia stumbles outside into the woods. Suddenly, vines, branches, and roots trap poor Mia in the underbrush and hold her captive for an evil witch. This lesbian witch spews profanity from her vile, wretched lips, and a licorice like skein of black sludge slithers up into Mia's mouth. At this point, "Evil Dead" leaves mild behind and turns heavy-duty.Alvarez wallows his cast in blood, gore, and more. You know when you see a battery powered nail gun that somebody is going to use it on somebody else. Before things get really gory, a poor old pooch is slaughtered, but canine's death is staged off-screen. Everybody suffers horribly in "Evil Dead," and nobody truly escapes without either sacrificing a body part or donating enough blood to revive a corpse. The most iconic scene in this savage saga occurs near the end. A one-armed, demon-possessed character gives another demon- possessed character a lobotomy courtesy of a chainsaw through the mouth. Essentially, "Evil Dead" lives up to its title with oodles of evil and death. Further, Alvarez takes his subject matter seriously enough that you could suffer nightmares from his over-the-top depiction of malevolence. Of course, we don't give a hoot who gets what in the end. The characters qualify as one-dimensional victims. "Evil Dead" spends most of its time trying to gross us out with its graphic detail. If you're squeamish, you should shun this remake with its bad night in the emergency room blood and gore. As remakes go, "Evil Dead" tops the original in terms of its polished production values, but its authentic looking gore doesn't surpass its predecessor's sense of humor. While the characters have more to occupy themselves with in the remake, nobody generates the charisma that Bruce Campbell did the original. Incidentally, if you sit through the end credits, you will see Bruce make a cameo.
평점: 9	리뷰: I don't even mind telling you how wonderful and believable this story has turn by being 'antagonized' by Jany Levy, whom in my reliable opinion gave credibility to an beyond belief entity. I wasn't aware of how talented this girl of the Suburbs could be...I won't let that the exceptional performance of hers dispel the work of Aaron Morton (photography), who through interesting and well worked shots, made the film even more overwhelming.But the camera handling wouldn't be so noticeable without the special effects quality that the tape provides. When it comes to a horror movie, the realism is its best ally, and in this case I can assure you that they have had a great relationship.Of course this all brings us to the mind behind the project: Fede Alvarez. As a director he put everything together with perfection as his random measure. The storyline involved and mixed horror with the enough graduation of drama for you to get absorbed by a not quite pleasant situation...To sum up, I'm already looking forward to the next creation of this well fitted urugayan director.
평점: 5	리뷰: No Spoilers are in this review, just honest opinions. Like most people who first heard about this remake I immediately checked out the IMDb to see if Sam Raimi was the Director (He is not) and if Bruce Campbell was going to give new life to the hero "Ash" we all know and love (No Again).The Director is Fede Alvarez, a first time feature filmmaker from Uruguay who's short film Panic Attack! went viral and caught the attention of Raimi and the other producers. The hero of this version was played by Shiloh Fernandez. This actor is best known from Little Red Riding Hood and Deadgirl, the latter being a very original twist on horror.In this climate of desperate cash grabs with all these remakes, reboots and spin offs I had every reason to hate this movie going into it but I was surprised. The reason for the group to go to the cabin was totally different from the original and the strongest element of the writing. If you are hoping to see an Evil Dead with the same tone as the original I'm sorry to say it is not there. The over the top gore, the creative camera work and comedic elements are absent on this trip to the cabin. What the remake does deliver on is amazingly strong cinematography and a hyper-realistic take on this story filled with practical gore effects.According to IMDb Diablo Cody did a pass on the screenplay but it seems like everything from her draft was dismembered from the shooting script. This movie could have used some smart lines and more defined characters. Instead within the first 20 seconds as all the characters meet at the cabin they announce each of their jobs. What someone does for a living is a great incite into character but this was forced into the scene in an unnatural way. Diablo Cody did not get screen credit in the film so there you go.Fans of the original will be happy to know that the score, the props, the camera blocking and editing will bring you back to the fond memories of Evil Dead 1 and 2. The tree attack scene was great and used reverse motion. Scenes like this and others take place at roughly the same running time as they did in the original film. For the modern horror film goers this new Evil Dead will be artfully shot and top of the line. I recommend this movie but not to people who want the fun independent over the top style of the original. Stay for the clip at the end of the credits, you'll be glad you did.
평점: 8	리뷰: First of all, I know why the bitching is abundant. It's simply because we are dealing with a remake of one of the biggest cult movies in cinematic history. I must confess, I didn't want a remake of this movie to happen either. Until I actually watched the remake. Now, no one will ever -- or could ever -- outmatch Sam Raimi with his low budget masterpiece. There is a magic entwined within that picture that will always make the original Evil Dead what it is. As far as this remake, I must, in my opinion, say that it is the best retelling of any horror motion picture that has been stamped with legendary status.Director Fede Alvarez had big shoes to fill and I'm sure he did -- and still does -- fill that pressure. In a way, he was screwed right off the bat. I mean, who in their right mind would actually tackle a remake of a movie of such caliber as The Evil Dead? Fede Alvarez, that's who. And he did a damn fine job. Especially being a new comer with feature films altogether. Can you imagine your very first feature length production being none other than the remake of The Evil Dead? Talk about sweaty palms and a thudding heart! But, Fede held his own and stood his ground. He did it. And he cropped out one hell of a horror picture. He pays homage to the first two original films in tiny, bite sized portions that are easy to swallow. The horror is delivered with a straight, in your face, balls to the wall, full throttle impact. No, there is nothing wrong with this movie. If it's horror you want, then it's truly horror you'll get. All you have to do is watch it.
평점: 10	리뷰: I'm not one for remakes of classic horror films. I despised the Dawn of the Dead reboot and the slew of other horrid abominations to cinema that have followed in the wake of awful remakes that seem to be the poison of Hollywood these days; however, this was a most pleasant surprise. I will give nothing away as I feel this is a horror film that must be seen. Does it capture the magic of the original? Maybe not as The Evil Dead is one of my all-time favorite films and nothing can quite compare to the grueling and disturbing masterpiece given us by Sam Raimi all those years ago. Does it bring anything new or exciting to the table? You bet it does! This was a film exceeded in its gore factor only by the unsettling atmosphere of the movie. It's obscene, depraved, dark, and filled with violent delight. I was expecting the worst and found myself enthralled and appalled and ultimately so glad that I bought tickets. If you enjoy horror flicks as much as I do then nothing should stop you from seeing Evil Dead. Despite the poor user reviews I've seen this was a true feat of horror filmmaking at its goriest glory.
평점: 10	리뷰: The movie wasn't nearly as comedic as the original, but it definitely manage to keep certain aspects of the plot-line intact for this modern re-imagining. The cast did a great job of keeping the teen-scream quality to it where the Campbell group fell slightly short. Not to mention, this is great for all of you fellow geeks out there who wanted more detail on The Necronomicon in film form (rather than traversing the Evil Dead Wiki). Overall a great movie with a few cheap scream-inducers, and many well-deserved ones; which makes this a great movie for a date, or simply a chance to be that strong protector of whoever you decide to take a trip to your local theater with. 8 out of 10 from this guy, a solid B Bruce Campbell! :D
평점: 9	리뷰: Evil Dead is perhaps the riskiest, ballsiest, most gory horror film I've seen since the 80's. Once the book is opened and the demon stuff begins, it's an exercise is the grotesque. For the 60 minutes or so that this takes place, it left me exhausted watching it. One character in here, the one who stupidly reads the book after he knows he is not supposed to, goes through more pain than any horror movie character I have ever seen with the exception of perhaps some of the rapists in the new version of I Spit On Your Grave. But that's debatable. Anything and everything that can happen to this guy, does. In short, he gets messed up real bad.The movie is not perfect as it is hampered by some really bad acting in some parts and by some really annoying characters in others. But horror movies are known for this so if you can get past really egregious performances in some spots, then you'll be fine. It's a small complaint really, but it does take away from the overall rating. Another point I have to bring up that bothered me a bit is that the Ash character ends up being a woman and maybe because to me ASH is ASH, he is a man, then I would have liked it better if David would have lost his arm and becomes the hero. That was one of the cool things about the original is that it didn't follow conventional rules. Women are always the hero in horror films. But in Evil Dead, Ash was. I wasn't comfortable with the change in this one. And finally, even with a bigger budget, the tree rape scene in this one wasn't nearly as good as the original.But those complaints aside, the movie was everything they said it would be. It made the audience jump a few times and the humour was also there like in the original.The good in the film is everything else. Shotguns, hammers, nail guns, knives, glass, syringes and fire is all used to mess people up. I remember reading that in the original the cleanup on the set every night was a nightmare because of all of the goop they used for the blood. I can't imagine being a cleanup member on this set. There was gallons of blood used here and sometimes it looked more like molasses mixed with chocolate syrup mixed with red dye. It was pretty disgusting at times. I also enjoyed how duct tape was the answer to everything in the film. If you have a hole in you the size of China, just use duct, it'll fix you right up.As mentioned, once the book is open, the pace the film plays at leaves you exhausted. It doesn't slow down in the least and every other scene someone is cutting their own arm off or getting attacked with a nail gun or getting violated by nature. It's a truly terrifying film.To sum it up, I enjoyed it but not on the same level as the original. And there's nothing wrong with that as the original is one of the all time great horror films. But if you are in the mood for a bloodbath where blood literally spews on screen, this is the film for you. It does not disappoint.7.5/10
평점: 3	리뷰: OK time for my summary of this thing. well, the one thing it had going for it was the near absence of comedy/parody, which has absolutely no place in the horror genre. it also had some decent production value (photography, lighting, and editing) more importantly though, this is a movie for an immature audience who'se only pay off comes in which way the chainsaw will be used to dismember a body on screen. this film has no heart, non existent characters and stupid dialogue. they could had greatly improved this film by dropping the whole failed notion that gore = fun, and focusing itself on the addiction of the lead character. by taking the proper steps to flesh out the paranoia and discomfort of the drug addiction maybe we could actually care about the brother/sister relationship, alas, the characters exist only to fuel childish desires to see them cut limb from torso. this movie needed to be MUCH darker, mature, and impart the seriousness of violence and how disgusting and horrific it really is, however, since the characters do not follow any arc in any sensical manner all that was left in this shell of a movie is its blood and guts, and without a heart or a point, why should we care? all in all. a pointless endeavour. 4/10
평점: 8	리뷰: I'm not one that will go out and pay to see a scary movie. Don't want to waste my money and it be stupid like most of the new ones that have come out. Now i love a good scary movie and i would have to say this was an awesome movie. If your like me and think that some of the new remakes have been not all that good then you will be happy to know that this one was.Not going to tell you anything about the movie, but it was worth the money spent for my daughter and me to see it. Those that like a good scary movie this is a good one to see. But like always with movies not everyone is going to like it or love it. You need to see it for yourself to know. I walked away knowing it wasn't a waste of my money or time on like the money/time wasted on Jack the Giant Slayer.
평점: 10	리뷰: This film was amazing. My husband is a HUGE fan of original and has been waiting for this remake for years. I was worried because there was such big hype about it, then I went and read a couple reviews before we went to see it which worried me even more. After the movie ended my husband and I sat there speechless. I don't not know how or why there's people giving this 1 and 2 stars. I'm going to assume those people think all remakes suck and go into it without even giving it a chance. There is NOTHING I would change about this movie. It scared the hell out of me. The acting was great and so were the special effects. I love how they twisted the story around from the original. And most of all if was really, REALLY gory. I plan on seeing this movie at least 2 more times in theaters. And I can't wait to own it!
평점: 6	리뷰: This gut wrenching, blood-soaked remake pays it dues to the source material, managing to pleasantly surprise the die-hard fans of the original trilogy while establishing its own identity for newcomers to the franchise; a true homage to the 1981 cult classic. Horror filmmakers better be taking notes because this is how a remake is done folks.Obviously the film differs significantly in plot from original. Consider this a "rebirth" rather than a "remake". As I'm sure you're all aware the film focuses on a young girl named Mia (Jane Levy) who takes a trip to her families old cabin for a drug intervention, bringing together old friends and her brother David (Shiloh Fernandez) to help her through it. Mia's loved ones swear to each other no matter how bad things get they won't let her relapse again and it's not long before all hell breaks loose when her friend Eric uncovers the "Book of the Dead" and reads a passage from it. The demon quickly latches onto the first soul it can find (Mia) and then the fun begins. The set up is actually extremely clever. So when Mia starts telling stories about there being "something" in the woods the others all brush it off as a drug addict hallucination. The demon quickly takes over Mia and makes a promise to everyone that they are all going to die that very night. It's as much a promise to the audience as it is the cast. Next we have 60 minutes of nail guns, chainsaws, turkey cutters, mirror shards and needles all being used as you can imagine. It's the most rated R fun you'll have all year.Director Fede Alvarez doesn't let us down, he makes the cast go all out doing indescribable acts of violence to one another, each actor out doing the next pushing the R rating as far as it could possibly go. He also keeps the overall tone serious which only falls short for a bit before the climactic scene. the climactic scene being the best thing I've ever seen in a horror film.The actors all do a decent job with the occasional poor line delivery - which I read as intentional comedy. One thing they all manage to really do well is cry out in pain. A strange talent however I couldn't believe how much of a difference the actors made to the violent imagery. They all had very convincing performances as kids getting sliced and diced by one another. Jane Levy stands out being consistently good throughout the entirety of the film – you'll be sure to see her in other things after this.The cinematography was interesting to say the least with odd lighting choices and even weirder camera angles, which at first I didn't like but it quickly grew on me. I was really glad the 'Raimi- cam' (which I just refer to as just the Demon POV shots) were back and better than ever. That being one of many throwbacks to the originals just one I thought was worth mentioning. Unfortunately the score was rather forgettable but for everything they lack in music they gain in sound design. If you're someone who closes their eyes to avoid gore you will have no luck here, the sound effects are so good you're going to have trouble not imagining what's happening on screen with such convincing noises of bone's crushing and skin peeling. The FX in general are probably this films greatest success. Going back to the old fashion way of things and using make-up/prosthetics really shows the talent in such a CGI heavy industry today.The film does a great job of pleasing its targeted audience however don't go into the film expecting to be terribly frightened. It's really not a very scary film, although I never found the original very scary either so I don't see this as a negative aspect. I know there have been lots of complaints about how the film isn't scary but I was glad to see so few jumps scares in a horror flick and to be honest the idea of close friends becoming demons and torturing you to death is scary enough for me.Beware though, this film is not for the faint of heart. When I say that they pushed the R rating as far as it could go I mean I don't understand how this film actually managed a theatrical release. It had everything you would see in an NC-17 film. If the idea of gore makes you uneasy, pass on this film.Evil Dead is a great remake to a great cult classic and I suggest anyone who is a fan of the horror genre to check it out.7/10*Also if you are one of the die-hard fans mentioned earlier make sure to the stay after the credits. You won't be disappointed. Be sure to check out my review site: thejoshlreviews.com
평점: 6	리뷰: As a true Evil Dead (part 1) fan, I have to admit, i walked into the theater assuming nothing could top the original. Some scenes were just foolish and not quite like the original, and certain elements were missing, like the attic door scene popping open, or the card game scene where Cheryl was floating, BUT there were many scenes that took me by surprise. I really like that this still feels like the original, but it is not (for the most part) predictable. Old school Evil Dead fans will not be able to assume what will happen next. The start/end is nothing like the original, there are a lot of added scenes...it follows the original storyline, but it doesn't. Once you can get over that aspect, I think anyone can enjoy this version as much or more than the original.

영화제목: The Hateful Eight
평점: 10	리뷰: For many, it doesn't get better than "The Evil Dead." The 1981 original and its two sequels are the perfect blend of blood-drenched, graphic horror and B-grade camp, giving birth to one of the most abused horror movie clichés of all time: naive college or high school kids, alone in a cabin or other secluded area, making predictably dumb decisions that will only make their situation worse.This new "Evil Dead" remake (which drops the definite article from the title) is produced by original "The Evil Dead" director Sam Raimi and his trilogy star, Bruce Campbell. Make no mistake, these two are extremely protective about their property, have a great relationship with the franchise's many fans and, I fully believe, wanted to deliver the best possible "Evil Dead" remake they could. In order to do that, they put the franchise in the hands of director Fede Alvarez, which was exactly the right thing to do.This time around, we find five friends gathered at a remote country cabin to help one of them, Mia (Jane Levy), kick her drug habit. Joining Mia is her brother David (Shiloh Fernandez); his girlfriend, Natalie (Elizabeth Blackmore); Eric (Lou Taylor Pucci), who's angry at David for leaving town and apparently forgetting about his friends; and Olivia (Jessica Lucas), a nurse who, supposedly, will be able to administer any sort of drug should Mia need it.Turns out, the cabin sits above a cellar once used to exorcise a demon from a young woman who was burned at the stake while surrounded by dozens of dead cats hanging from the ceiling and cast of characters who looked like they were on a break from the set of "American Horror Story." Thanks to the odor emanating from the basement, the friends discover the creepy subterranean dwelling, where they also find the demonic book used to dispatch of the possessed girl. Clearly, Eric hadn't seen many horror movies, because the barbed wire wrapped around the book certainly should've raised a red flag. And if that wasn't a clear enough signal to stay away, the Frankenstein-like stitching of the book cover — suggesting that the book isn't leather-bound but perhaps human skin-bound — should've been another dead giveaway. But NOOOO, Eric just had to know what was in that book, and when he got it open, he just had to read the various Latin phrases inscribed below the demonic pictures covered with messages written in blood.So far, this sticks close enough to the original movie, when the recorded messages unleashed hell, literally. Soon enough, Mia, in the throes of drug withdrawal, becomes possessed.Putting Jane Levy (TV's "Suburgatory") in the role of Mia may very well be the best bit of horror movie casting since Naomi Watts in "The Ring." This is a breakout performance for her. Her energy — whether it's nervous, frenetic, scared — is infectious. Levy pulls you into this disgustingly gory, graphic tale and never lets you go, making you feel as though you're experiencing everything she is. Alvarez certainly deserves credit for utilizing his young star's prodigious talents.While not as funny as the original "The Evil Dead," and none of the characters are quite as memorable or iconic as Bruce Campbell's wisecracking Ash, there's plenty of humor in this remake, most of which can't be repeated here. Campbell promised fans a blood bath and the team that he and Raimi assembled delivers.Except it's less a blood bath and more like a blood monsoon. But, if you're paying money to see "Evil Dead," you know what you're getting yourself into, and you're not going to be disappointed. While there's room for improvement, "Evil Dead" is still a cathartic, nauseating (in a good way) crowd pleaser you'll want to see more than once.Three-and-a-half out of five stars.
평점: 9	리뷰: I'm a huge fan of the original, but not so much of this remake. I'll disqualify myself as a zealot immediately by saying the original "Evil Dead" was far from perfect and the inexperience of the filmmakers—at that time—becomes more and more apparent as the film ages. But "The" Evil Dead didn't achieve cult status by being a great technical film. Raimi and companies weird adaptation of the narrative style of The Three Stooges turned evil, an assault of bloody and disgusting gags, is what made the film so great. It's not a terrific story. It doesn't feature terrific acting. And the makeup is pretty awful, really. And I love it. I love it for the relentless gag after gag after gag style, and the moments of photography that portent the genius to come in Sam Raimi.What I had hoped from the remake was for a new film-maker to seize that raw assault on the senses aspect of Evil Dead and to turn it on a new generation. A generation that has gotten used to the camera cutting away before the really awful thing happens."Evil Dead" suffers from a front loading of rationality that really kills the atmosphere. One of the best examples I can think of is the sense of isolation that permeates the first film after they discover the bridge has been destroyed in some obviously supernatural act. Also, later, one of the Cabin's captive attempts to escape through the woods only to return mortally wounded to warn of the terrors that await in the forest.In "Evil Dead" 2013, they are trapped at the cabin by a road being washed out by a flood. Other hard edges of the supernatural are ironed out with rationality as well, most notably when Mia, the first to be possessed, is cast as a recovering heroin addict going cold turkey.The rationality is certainly disarming if you are a character in the film, as a member of the audience though it comes off as a bizarre attempt to temporarily 'elevate' the narrative.Even though the rationality eventually dissolves, it's too late. "Evil Dead" lacks the sense of supernatural captivity that the original, with all of its faults, managed to establish with simple and effective plot devices.Evil Dead '13 DOES manage to establish some graphic images that will most definitely stick in the mind, so I expect it will have a lasting impact on younger audiences; but die-hard horror buffs hoping this film would help the genre get out of the wussy all-talk and no-balls trend it has been stuck in for so long might be a little disappointed.
평점: 8	리뷰: This movie is actually really good as an homage/sort-of remake, though in all honesty it could be a sequel to the original trilogy; it's less a remake than a re-imagining/retelling. Instead of redoing the entire story we've already seen with the same old characters, this film opted instead to tell a new, different story that follows the same basic plot while doing things a bit differently. This is certainly for the best; any attempt to replace Ash with a new, non-Bruce Campbell actor would have been a fatal error on the part of those involved .In this story, David has come to a getaway with his girlfriend to meet some old friends of his and his sister Mia, who the group is attempting to get off of drugs. Things take a turn for the worse when one of them finds the Necronomicon and reads aloud from it, calling forth the forces of hell.This movie does a good enough job at telling the same basic story as the original Evil Dead, and even throws in a bit of Evil Dead 2 to the mix. They pay tribute to the chainsaw, the severing of the hand, the POV force of evil, the Oldsmobile, even the tree rape! Still, it doesn't do everything exactly the same; the detoxing of Mia is actually done really well and realistically, and adds a dash of realism to this story. The acting isn't awful, but it's not really amazing either; still, it's better than most modern 'horror' films. The amount of gore is what you'd expect from a modern horror film, though in all honesty it's just as over-the-top with its gore as the original films. Of course, there are two problems with this film, and they're kind of big: The first is that the Necronomicon is never explained at all, or even named on-screen. Its origin is only implied, and it's implied it's the same as in the original trilogy, but you wouldn't know that unless you have watched them. This is a bit annoying if you aren't a long time fan. The other problem is how the deadites are summoned: One of the group reads aloud from the Necronomicon, despite multiple warning notes written in blood inside the book, which he sees. In the originals, they had an excuse, as there was no way of knowing that the tape recording they listened too would summon evil. There's no excuse here, just plain and simple idiocy.Still, it's hard to fault this movie when it's such a good tribute. It probably would have ended up a lot worse without Campbell and Raimi's involvement. Overall, it's a very good movie and one of the best re- imaginings out there if you give it a chance. Still, it's even better if you think of it as a stealth sequel to the original, and that soon we'll get a movie where Ash and this movie's hero team up to destroy the Necronomicon once and for all.Overall, it's a solid standalone film, and certainly one of the better horror films to come out in a long time. It's best to go in not looking at it as a remake; you'll find a lot more to enjoy that way.

영화제목: Sinister
평점: 7	리뷰: You want to have fun? You like Westerns? You like Tarantino's style? Then this movie is for you, it is full of surprises and a wonderful cinematographic experience...a masterpiece from Tarantino. I understand why some people can put this movie down, and that is because they go into the theater with all of their principles and moral values...You have to leave those out the door when you go see a Tarantino movie!!! It's a Quentin movie! It will take you to another dimension and the dialogues are so rich and fun! If you don't like Tarantino, usually for the wrong reasons, then don't go watch this movie and don't put it down...Now if you love westerns GO and see it!!!! This movie is one of my favorites from Quentin Tarantino...I LOVED IT!!!! This is very inventive and original...If you don't get it, then you don't get it. Again, it is a Masterpiece!!!
평점: 8	리뷰: The Hateful Eight: 10/10 That's right, a perfect score. One thing you gotta understand about film now-a-days is that 90% of the movies that come out now are plop, cow dung, worthless except for to entertain children. This film alone bucks that awful trend and stands out as a high-caliber, good ol' fashion, contemporary western movie. Unlike the epic scope of last year's other great western from Tarantino, Django, The Hateful Eight is very much closed-in for a setting, a boarding stop in the middle of a desolate place in Wyoming, 1865 (JUST newly post-civil war). A handful of almost- newly met travelers make their way to a small town. A blizzard is upon them, forcing them to stay in the well-accommodated shelter for pretty much the entire movie. This is always a bold move for a story, a screenplay where there is just one setting. It makes the story, the characters stand out, which is perfect for this film. What's also pleasantly surprising is how the story evolves from a period piece into a fascinating who-done-it type mystery, with a strangers locked-in-place style. Suits this movie perfectly. Every scene, moment, turn, revelation, and ultimately the end result is thoroughly thrilling to watch for the entire movie. And this isn't even really a heavy-thinker movie for the audience either, as a lot of Tarantino films are. Just about everyone of decent age may sit for this movie and never look at the clock. For a film set in such a desperate place, this film is so refreshing and so enjoyable. Go see it.
평점: 8	리뷰: It seems that a lot of the negative reviews here have a theme of people comparing 'Hateful Eight' to other Tarantino flicks. If you do that and expect the same sort of movies he made in his younger years, you will be disappointed. Tarantino is one of those filmmakers whose very name gives a certain level of expectation to the viewer before walking into a theater (same goes for Scorcese, Coppola, etc). If the preconception isn't lived up to, he's crucified out-of-hand for making useless garbage. That's really too bad. If you're truly a Tarantino fan, then you won't mind the lengthy dialog and anything else other reviewers have ranted against. I guess I'd say that if you liked 'Death Proof', you'll like 'Hateful Eight.' I very much enjoyed this film, and would definitely recommend it if you're able to disassociate it from the name and just watch the movie.
평점: 10	리뷰: Just saw the 70mm roadshow version last night and it was AMAZING! The experience that goes along with the movie (overture, intermission, little gift) was something that i personally think, everyone should experience and, this is the way to see this movie. I was skeptical at first reading some reviews with people complaining that it was too long and dragged and was too violent but its not true. Its your typical Tarantino film. Yes, it is 3 hours long but it doesn't feel that long at all. Its all about patience and its entertaining dialogue with amazing acting that sets up the last three chapters perfectly. No one in the theater complained about the length and i think the intermission comes at a perfect time. As for the violence, typical Tarantino. Shots to the heads, overkills, etc. There is one scene at the end of chapter that gets you off guard with how messed up it is but it perfectly sets up the rest of the movie. In general, the first three chapters are just a big guessing game. Dialogue heavy, introducing characters with stories that might or might not be true which causes suspenseful interactions. Then, the last three chapters, all hell breaks loose and no one can do it better than Tarantino himself. Walton Goggins is the star in this movie. Honestly, i don't see all the hate its getting. I guess people cant sit through a well written movie. Once the movie was over, it got a standing ovation.Definitely going to go see it again!!
평점: 5	리뷰: Tarantino once said something to the effect of how he wished certain directors would watch their older stuff to be reminded of the great movies they once made and that if he ever got to that point he'd consider quitting making movies. I can't recall the exact quote or source but something like that. Anyways, it looks like that time may have come for Tarantino. And it's a sad day in hell.Depending on your tastes for westerns this could be considered Tarantino's weakest effort I guess. Having said that it's still OK. I enjoyed it to an extent. Vicious humor, intense story, etc. I want to talk about what I didn't like and what could have been done better. There's potentially a really good flick here but:For what it is, it's too long. A) People need to say their lines faster. Don't get me wrong, I think Wall-E promotes ADD, but come on. I didn't see any real good reason to drag out dialogue so much like that. In fact it kind of makes you look like a jerk as a director. B) Cut out unnecessary stuff. If this was a tighter flick, closer to 2 hours, I'd bet my life people would have less issues with it.Secondly, sometimes the film treats the audience a bit too stupid. Like the narration or the second shot of the gun under the table when Madson's character asks to sit down. Just unnecessary.Thirdly, in an increasingly PC time, the psychosis and violence might not go over too well with people.Overall, not sure if it's Tarantino's weakest. But maybe second weakest after Death Proof. Death proof had so much unnecessary dialogue but it was such a cool idea. I think, instead of threatening to quit and whining over projection, Tarantino should take his own advice. Then keep going. We love you buddy, just take a bite of humble pie sometimes and respect the audience.
평점: 1	리뷰: I think that in this movie Tarantino tried to use his passion for the westerns but in his own way.H e wanted it to be different.So we can definitely say that this movie resembles a western only in the fonts used at the beginning and the end and some of the scores of the movie which remind us of old spaghetti westerns but rather than that the movie is different from every other western I've ever seen. In what way is Tarantino's movie different? I'll mention just a few points First every western movie is in the outside, usually the desert or the mountains the vast west from this comes western the old country this is the first movie where events are in the inside.second not once have i seen a western in snow so this is an addition which i personally like nevertheless it's new. third the theme of the westerns rather focus on the relation between the white men and the Indians or Mexicans natives vs settlers whereas Tarantino chooses the white men vs black men and this is valid for both Django and this movie. Is this movie any good ? personally i liked it and not just because it is a Tarantino movie or because it is a "western" but because the narrative is good there is something that this brilliant man brought in this movie and because the dialog is very Tarantino like amusing has a lot of hidden meaning has some dark humor and has simply Tarantino in it what i can say bothered me in the movie was the pace which is very slow in the first hour and half but i guess Tarantino used it for a purpose i just don't know what it is
평점: 3	리뷰: I'm a fan of Tarantino and appreciate the effort put into his other films. I really enjoyed Django and was hoping for more of the same things he did in that movie. I was excited to see that his Roadshow performance would be here close to me and I eagerly bought tickets early to the first show on Christmas Eve. We received cool collector programs and treated to a short overture, which built my excitement, but unfortunately that was followed by 3 hours of boredom. I think Tarantino's quirkiness was way overboard for this film, none of the characters were believable and the story line was weak. Aside from the stunning cinematography (helped in part by the 70mm format) and the award winning performance by Jennifer Jason Leigh, this was a stinker and I would recommend steering clear of this one. One other thing...I may have missed it, but I didn't see a Cameo from Tarantino in this film, which I was surprised by.
평점: 3	리뷰: What is film if not a portal to another world, where rules are imagined by one master creator, with a point to escape from the only reality to another fantasy.Many critics deemed this film "too long". They would much rather stick to the 90 minutes prestige movies about wall street thieves, bankers, single-parent mothers, one-dimensional silly action packed scraps and PC 'for-the-sake-of-reputation' stories that the world is bandwagoning like Gastarbeiters on minimum wage.I like to see "The Hateful Eight" as a two act movie, where, in the first one Quentin Tarantino gets comfortable with his scribbling, and by scribbling, I mean amazing writing, in which characters talk and talk and talk and don't mistake it for boredom, one iota. It's captivating. But in the second... it explodes into hateful violence, where some of it were done just for the sake of it. That's how these characters are ruthless, selfish and in many ways unpredictable.The Ennio Morricone score jump starts the movie and one of the things that I love in a Tarantino movie are the opening credits. "Little Green Bag" reveals the Reservoir Dogs title, "Misirlou" reveals the Pulp Fiction title, "Across 110th Street" reveals Jackie Brown a-la "The Graduate", "Bang Bang" reveals Kill Bill, "The Green Leaves of Summer" reveals Inglorious Basterds (personally my favorite opening credits of a Tarantino film, and perhaps of all time), "Django" reveals Django and finally, Morricone doesn't blast with horns or loud string quartets, but slowly dissects the puzzle and invites you to see the violence that is to come. With big, bold, western yellow font and orange shadows: THE HATEFUL EIGHT.The film hasn't started and it's already Tarantino. It goes in the top 4 Tarantino films, most definitely.
평점: 2	리뷰: If, like me, you generally prefer movies in which you can't guess what's going to happen next, you'll probably enjoy this one. Obviously Quentin Tarantino has a unique style of making movies and it once more shows in this one. In this movie, you're never really sure who is the good and who is the bad guy, leading to some changes of the view on the different characters. For me that resulted in a somewhat emotional uncertainty of what I would want to happen next, just to be surprised by a new piece of information/development that changes everything I believed to happen next. So overall, the unpredictability, the twists & turns as well as the way the story is told make this movie a very enjoyable one. On top of that: outstanding performance by Samuel L. Jackson and Tim Roth while some other actors remain a little dull. The reason I don't give 10 stars is that in an almost three hour long movie, I partially expected more character depth.
평점: 8	리뷰: This film is pretty damned good.The same people who jump on IMDb with their "opinions" that I read day in, day out. Have no clue what makes a well structured movie at all. They just jump in with their opinions. Which are based on literally nothing.This is a very cleverly structured movie. It is slow. It moves along at it's own, natural pace. Everything is considered. Every little detail has a reason to exist.It's narrative structure is second to none. It teases. It messes with you.It's pure Tarantino.All you people who just bullshit. Firstly. Learn how to construct a reasoned argument. Secondly. Watch some films.This isn't popcorn entertainment. You might actually need to use your brain a little.I hate IMDb. It's a haven for utter, utter retards who need their art spoonfed to them. Even when it is. They don't understand it and would be better off just watching the latest Michael Bay flick.Why not just shut the hell up. And stop boring us with your "opinion"How many films have you made?Er. None.How much understanding of the film making process do you have?Er. None.How many scripts have you seen from paper to screen?Er. None.So do me a favour and shut the hell up.
평점: 8	리뷰: Stupid story line, absolutely dumb. Horribly acted as a Terrintino movie is required to be. Buckets of blood thrown around like water to make up for the lack of substance. He also pushes the anti white people theme that is prevalent in his movies. As is with his sick nature he has a whole scene where he has a white man rapped by a black man as if its OK because of the race. I am glad I did not pay to see this POS. Save your money. I hope the actors were paid well because this movie does absolutely nothing for their portfolio. There is absolutely no story line, and his understanding of history is as screwed up as his sexual fantasy.This idiot of a writer and director has very few movies worth seeing, 4 rooms being one, this is not any of the few worth seeing. I want my two hours back but will never get it. Glad I am not out money also.
평점: 10	리뷰: Sinister follows the character of Ellison (Ethan Hawke), a true-crime novelist who purchases a new home with the hopes of writing a successful book. After moving into his new home, he discovers a box of old home movies that depict previous families who lived in the house, as well as their murders. As Ellison looks further into the mystery behind the tapes, he discovers that the murders all have ties to a supernatural entity known only as "Bagul". Bagul exists in images of himself and runs the risk of making Ellison's family the latest casualty of the house.Director Scott Derrickson cleverly used a variety of different camera angles on several key occasions in the film to express the fear and shock of the victims, and the use of sound to depict this was done in a horrifying way. As in many films, actors were used to portray the characters. Ethan Hawke, Juliet Rylance and Clare Foley acted out the most prominent characters in the film. The camera was operated by George Bianchini, in his usual unpredictable manner. Overall I thought the film will pretty much do what it wants to do: make plenty of money. And if people get entertained in the mean time, all the power to them. I thought it was one of the scariest films I had seen this year, and I like being scared so for me this was good.
평점: 5	리뷰: DON'T WATCH THE TRAILER! or at least try not too. I went into this film only knowing the title and the fact i was waiting for a scary movie to actually be... yep scary. Well i was in luck, as Sinister is exactly that...quite Sinister! I say try to avoid the trailers if u can because quite a lot is shown, although having said that you will probably be so absorbed into the film that you'll forget about what you have seen and still be spooked, BOO! :) All the actors do a good job, Ethan Hawke is solid, not quite sure about the chemistry between him and his wife but i guess its hardly relevant in this film. The directing and editing of the film is slick with interesting angles and shots. The imagery is great and so are your jumpy moments even if it does contain a few of the horror Clichés.The plot is simple and follows true-crime writer Ellison (Ethan Hawke) as he discovers a box of home movies "found footage" of murders that put his family in danger. Some people may dislike the believability of the films central ethos for the evil protagonist; however i liked the original mythology created here, it adds something new to the table. Also If the film is successful (im guessing it might be) the Evil Character aka Bagoul will no doubt be a new item for Halloween stores! Although not a game changer in the genre, i would easily go and say this will be the scariest film of the year and if not, well thats just win-win for us all!! ((star ratings = 7 good, 8 represents very good. 9 superb 10 epic)
평점: 5	리뷰: When the trailer boasted the producers of "Paranormal Activity" and "Insidious" the idea of what tone this film would be reared it's head. Based around a series of jump scare sequences and slow character sections in order to attempt to make you feel for the characters while easing the tension of the situation. It's a tired formula that is becoming all the more clichéd and repetitive. However Sinister manages to find ways to break free of these leashes that the horror genre is becoming tied down to.Ethan Hawk stars as a true crime writer known as Ellison who moves into a new home with his wife, Tracy (Juliet Rylance) and his two children, Ashley (Clare Foley) and Trevor (Michael Hall D'Addario) near the site of a local crime in order to get inspiration for his novel. During an exploration of the house Ellison stumbles across a box with an 8mm camera and a selection of films, which upon viewing exploit gruesome murders. This thrusts area hero into a terrifying mystery as he tries to piece together the meaning behind it all.With horror films these days we come to know what to expect. We're given characters that we can't connect with merely there to service the plot and an un-original story that we've seen time and time again bringing the audience no sense of engagement. But mostly we're never scared beyond the mere technique of a jump scare. With director Scott Derrickson we are shown again how mainstream horror can creep on us with effective imagery and suggestion. The scares here can be portrayed by just using obscure camera angles and bizarre images that unsettle us. Derrickson understands though that using loud bands and noises to jolt the audience can be done effectively. By backing up these moments with his strong imagery he uses it as a tactic to implant these horrific moments in our minds.The highlight however is the use of the 8mm films. Sinister is in love with the idea of film, from celluloid to digital as not only are we treated to disturbing super 8 films but Ellison boasts are large collection of VHS tapes of his old achievements. It's a nice, simple touch that film fans will appreciate. These 8mm films though boast some truly graphic sequences, one particularly involving a garden tool. Backed with a moody soundtrack by Christopher Young who's worked on other horror gems such as "Drag Me To Hell" and "The Exorcism of Emily Rose". It feels more of an ambiance piece rather than a fully diegetic score merging together a series of dark and effective sounds building the feeling of dread constantly throughout.Written by Derrickson himself and writer C. Robert Cargill the screenplay manages for the most part to push past the bland formula we've grown to endure with horror films of late. The film brings an intriguing plot that manages to put you in the position of Ellison's character, uncovering the plot and mystery when he does. There are scenes in which are hero re-visits the 8mm films and discovers new elements to them which adds a new depth to the story. The film feels relentless, rarely taking time to slow down and constantly feeling as though it's propelling towards something. However elements of the script are where the weaker parts of the film shine. While managing to bring interesting uses of horror and tension the film often retreads over clichéd ground as though it's trying to keep a warm attitude towards mainstream audiences. These are the times when the film feels as though it may lose focus but always manages to pick up its feet again. Alongside this we have some underused side and poorly written characters such as a police deputy who doesn't feel natural within the whole scale of things.Sinister may tread over worn ground by it still manages to feel fresh and revitalizing in an age where we've conformed to the degrading standards of horror. It embraces the roots of horror and film in general making it much more than a homage and a feeling of an original yet genuinely terrifying story. Hawk manages to carry the emotional tangent of the narrative while the other characters are merely serviceable. It's not groundbreaking but for a mainstream horror film it takes some inventive and daring steps creating a terrifying, disturbing yet absorbing piece of cinema.4/5 Stars.
평점: 7	리뷰: Ellison, played by Ethan Hawke, is a true crime novelist who is looking to publish a bestseller more than ten years after the release of his hit book, "Kentucky Blood". Ellison moves his family (a wife and two young kids) into a house that was the scene of a grisly crime, leaving a mother, father, and two children dead, and a third child missing. Upon moving in, Ellison finds a box of super 8 films in the attic. On the tapes are the murders of the family who previously lived in his house and four other murders dating back to 1966. The only connection between the murders is a symbol found in all the videos. With his marriage deteriorating and his children's behavior becoming increasingly strange, Ellison is determined to connect the dots and possibly even solve the string of gruesome murders.I'm sure everyone is familiar with the popular 'scary maze game'. Even if you know what is going to happen, you will most likely be scared in the moments leading up to the 'big scare'. You aren't scared of what is on the screen, but you're scared of what is about to be on the screen. That is the difference between surprise and horror. If the moments leading up to a jump scare are suspenseful, the actual scare is considered 'earned'. Too many horror movies nowadays have unearned jump scares. 'Sinister' is not at all one of those movies. It has it's fair share of jump scares, but after the initial shock, you don't feel at all relieved. The scares stick with you and you will go back to being just as tense as you were before the scare.Another way 'Sinister' differs from most modern horror movies is that it actually focuses on plot. The film's director Scott Derrickson spends just as much time focusing on plot development as he does on scaring us, much like he did with 'The Exorcism of Emily Rose'. Since the characters are more developed and have more depth, we are able to relate to them much easier. 'Sinister' is more of a drama about family than it is a horror movie.Ethan Hawke gives one of the best performances I've ever seen in a horror movie. He is great through the entire movie, but especially shines in scenes where he is frustrated. Juliet Rylance who plays his equally as frustrated wife is also great. With great performances from the two leads, it almost doesn't matter how well-acted the characters of their children are, but they are great nonetheless. Michael Hall D'Addario who plays Trevor provides one of the most shocking and terrifying scares I've ever seen (I just wish it wasn't in the trailer. However, if it wasn't, I may have peed).I was lucky enough to see this movie in advance and attend a Q&A session with the director and writer. In the Q&A, they mentioned how this is a new take on the 'found footage' genre. This time however, instead of an "anonymous source" finding the footage and "editing" it from 36 hours to 80 minutes, the main character is the one who finds the footage. The audience is shown the footage, but not all at once. It is split up perfectly. Every time you hear the projector power up, you will automatically begin looking through the tiny slits between your fingers and you will certainly hold your breath.'Sinister' is disturbing. 'Sinister' is 'Saw' level disturbing. During some scenes, I was actually trembling. The ending is also extremely messed up and surprising. And messed up. Not to mention messed up. The shocking imagery and twisted murders with certainly stick with you. Luckily you won't have any nightmares about the movie, but that's only because you won't be sleeping at all.'Sinister' is the scariest horror movie in years and the best overall in the last decade. Horror fans will flock to see this movie and will not be disappointed. It is well-acted, well- written, well-directed, and most importantly, terrifying. If you see only one horror movie the rest of the year, let this be it. It is near-perfect and a step in the right direction for horror movies.bobbysmoviereviews.blogspot.com
평점: 6	리뷰: Just went to an advanced screening﻿ of this film, it was extremely mediocre and tried to be a lot more than what it really was. It had entertaining bits, all in all, knowing what I know now I wouldn't pay to go see it. I found it hard to take Ethan Hawke seriously in this type of film, all I could picture was Training Day throughout (and the fact that he looks like a live action version of Gordon Freeman). When I saw the trailer I thought this had some potential, I don't find many movies scary these days but the Paranormal Activity films I found to be pretty creepy, so I was really hoping this might be one to do it for me, alas it was not. It was all startle factor in the placement of loud noises, the story was kind of ridiculous the closer it got to the end, I am sure some of you will like it, I however didn't really enjoy it.
평점: 7	리뷰: Grim, gruesome and tedious film with very little to redeem it. The storyline is slow , the acting monotonous and I find there is very little to recommend this film unless you enjoy seeing gruesome scenes.I went to see this because I have always enjoyed Ethan Hawke films but even his character lets him down. The filming locations are not attractive and everything about this film does not gel.As for the other actors I knew nothing about them , the children were not particularly good and the make up for the spook children was like something out of a pantomime. The dialogue was dreadful and this must rank as one of the worst films I have seen in recent times.
평점: 7	리뷰: Sinister. Well I was looking forward to this film since I seen the trailer. Which drew shivers just watching. However this is where it stops. I saw this in an advanced showing and am so glad that I never paid for it. Its not the worst film that I've ever seen but more of a film that should have gone straight to DVD and not lure anyone into the cinema to spend there hard earned money to see. (or is that maybe the Scottish coming out in me). There are plenty of jumpy parts in the film. Mainly due to the volume being very quiet and then booming in really loud, rather than jumpy content. So I really doubt this film will have much of an impact at all if you were at home watching this on your telly. Now I am a bit of a hardened horror film buff. And really enjoy fast moving scary, creepy, blood filled, gruesome films which this does not fall into any of these brackets. Maybe to the more novice horror fan or easily frightened it might appeal but in my opinion give this a miss. I'm giving this 3 stars as it is watchable, just not very good.Tony Panciroli
평점: 5	리뷰: I was fortunate enough to see the prescreening of this movie and I have to underline the intensity of the pure horror in it.I actually was skeptical to see this movie due to the overrated trailer. Honestly the trailer is giving just a tad bit of what the movie is all about. I will do my best not to spoil this movie in my review. I trembled throughout the movie with the plot and cinematography used to pull of this movie. The character and the plot development have been elaborately handled and nothing has been blown out of the proportion. Aside from the scene where the kid is getting outside the box everything was scary in it. The idea that crime novelist dad find boxes of murder tapes and his trying to see what those murders are all about and his connecting those scenes to each other in the cinematographic aspect is well done and well maintained. Ethan Hawke's plausibility is a great contribution along with the other cast. I did not see any character who did not fit to the cast at all. Everyone in the movie was very close to the reality which made this movie quite outstanding. The characters are nothing but perfect. Ethan Hawke features a crime novelist who moves in a new house with his family. His finding a box of 8 mm tapes on which gruesome murders took place drags the audience to the depth of the real horror. The camera-work and the quality of the shooting technique build up to the intensity to make this movie scary enough. The gruesome murders on the tapes are split into two parts so nothing is shown at once which makes the audience wait for the second batch of the murders which are quite disturbing. The taped murder scenes are quite disturbing and I totally understand the reason why the rating is quite comprehensive with warnings/ The imagery used in the movie is also very scary and it adds up. The audience understands what is really going on with logical sequence order. I can clearly state that Sinister is the scariest movie among all the movies i have byfar laid eyes on. I would have hard time deciding which one tops when compared to Exorcist of Blattey's. I was pretty pessimistic with the scary movies lately but Sinister has been upto par. If you want to watch a real scary movie and feel the intensity of a real horror movie go see this movie!! There were also some incompetencies throughout. The entire movie cast is around 5 people excluding the killer missing kids with terrible make up. His not letting the Police department know what happened there at the house was off. The deputy's hesitant behavior was very odd and made me feel like he was involved with the murders but he wasn't. The biggest failure of the director was during the interview of the novelist's interview regarding one of his books named Kentucky Blood on TV he said he would prefer not writing any novels if he could find the justice for the murdered ones but a couple sequence later he makes a debate with his wife and tries to convince her that he has to write the book to make more money like making a movie project out of the story he was about to pen. That was a great inconsistency
평점: 7	리뷰: I have never felt the need to share my views on IMDb before today but I have just come out of a screening of Sinister and am so angry that I have had to write this to calm down... What utter dross this movie was. From start to finish it was the most unimaginative, badly directed, uninspired trash have seen in a long time.It's like someone has taken pieces from a 'make your own horror movie' kit and pasted them together until they all seemed to fit together and then presented the finished result as an original piece of work. Truly lazy and untalented movie making.As far as the acting goes, Ethan Hawke coasts his way through his performance but the other actors are just not good.. If this film had been cheesy or had any flair or originality of style applied to it, I think it would have not been so bad, but the prosaic style of direction left it feeling like a soulless, cut and paste money making exercise. Don't waste your time... Maybe Sinister II will be better...
평점: 7	리뷰: WARNING CONTAINS SPOILERS: Only read if you have seen the movie or if you don't really care about the film.From the spooky makers of Paranormal Activity and Insidious comes Sinister. This is the story of novelist Ellison Osborne and his family moving into a new home. While sorting and searching the house, Ellison discovers a box in the attic containing super 8 films which hold disturbing content which puts him and his family in danger of a paranormal entity. So yeah the plot is simple and easy and follow. As the movie goes on you'll soon be hooked into the story.The acting in this movie I must say was well done. Ethan Hawke playing as the gritty novelist and parent was a good performance for a horror film, he's just a normal guy hoping to start again with the new book he will be writing and to keep his family happy. As he finds the films and watches them he becomes more disturbed, afraid and makes him frustrated. Once some of the weird events happen, you know why he continues the investigation of the murdered families because he isn't the stupid characters you get in horror movies who can just get the hell out of there as soon as possible. The rest of the family were good too. You get the worried, frustrated mother and wife, the two little kids who eventually start acting weird. There is also the paranormal expert who informs Ellison of the strange symbol in the super 8 films when the murders happened, the fanboy police officer who helps Ellison find out more about the murdered family cases. So the characters are well done in this movie and all have a purpose in the movie.The music. Something about the music in this move disturbs me. It's dark, gritty, suspenseful and makes the film even better. Not only the music disturbed me but some of the scenes in this movie creeped me out. The scene where Ellison is walking through the hall to see a cardboard box in a room, at the end of the hall. Once he is close the box opens and his son is in it, in this abnormal position and screams horrifically, I knew it was coming but it was so loud and disturbing it's something I will never forget. Also some of the super 8 film footage in the movie disturbed me. It had a sense of realism as if it really happened. The family getting hanged, the family drowning, the family getting throat sliced and the worst of all, the lawnmower. The lawnmower made me jump big time, only because of the scream as the family is shredded by it. It was so loud it hurt my ears a bit. There are a few more scenes which will scare you but I've said enough.I found the jump scares in the movie to be a little predictable but that's a minor nitpick.Also the demon in this movie, Bagul looks like Death from Darksider's 2 and Mick Thompson, the guitarist from the band Slipknot. So I found it a little hard to take him seriously but he is still a creepy entity.So yeah I thought the movie was pretty good. If you are into movies with great suspense, jump scares, scary demons and interesting characters you might just enjoy this flick. Originally I give it a 4/5
평점: 7	리뷰: Exposition, it's important and Sinister gets to it right from the off. I mention this because if Saw or Hostel are your bag then maybe this one won't suit, but if you like a good thriller with added chills then you're at the right movie.Established but hasn't had a hit for a while author Ellison Oswalt (Ethan Hawke) is moving his family to a new home to research a true crime case that he hopes will get him back on the best sellers list. A disturbing series of murders linked to the house provide the backdrop for the research but things take a supernatural turn when a mysterious box of Super 8 found footage is discovered in the loftAppearing in the images is a figure which with further investigation with the help of a University professor is identified as Bughuul and things here take a turn for the occult. Curiosity drives Ellison further into this angle of the investigation to the point of obsession as he tries to find out what happened to the previous occupants of the house but the deeper he delves it becomes all too apparent that some things should be left well alone and the proverbial cat is in mortal danger.The mood of the film is incredibly tense with more than one nod to Kubrick's Shining. It's a slow burner with the viewer being taken along for the ride with the knowledge that the brakes are shot here and the ledge is fast approaching but, like Ellison you really want to know the answers even though all logic suggests leave it alone now.It's a credit to the Scott Derrickson that the characters are fleshed out and we can empathise with them even in the circumstances that prevail. So often in horrors this is not the case and it can be hard to care about people you know nothing about when they are in peril merely for effect.Ethan Hawke does a great job of conveying the author desperate for all the trappings of success for a second time around and (you can't help but think if he could just settle for a teaching gig somewhere his life would be less hazardous) but he is driven and ambitious and downright stubborn, ambition and integrity now giving way to greed and recognition. His wife Tracy (Juliet Rylance) has pretty much had enough of chasing the dream too but is ever supportive and a bloody heavy sleeper considering the things that go bang in the night in the house. A dark and warped soundtrack by Christopher Young adds to the horror as it unfolds and the performances solidify the tension, especially from the younger members of the cast. There are a few jump out of your seat moments and also more subtle, uncomfortable viewings of the super 8 footage that put a horrendous spin on the found footage narrative where you can't help but watch for clues with Ellison as they sear off the screen.In a perfect world the build up to the film could have been a little more secretive ideally, as trailer footage can unfortunately give the audience major deja vu when a couple of scenes are building to a big scare you'll have seen it already but there are plenty more where they came from.All in all an effective and tense thriller that will have some of you sleeping with the lights on for a couple of nights and a new found fear of attic space!More reviews at wherewolftherewolf.com
평점: 9	리뷰: This review contains spoilers. Sinister is one of the best modern horror films I have come across. And like Paranormal Activity and Insidious before it, Sinister is an extremely creepy and spooky horror film. I have seen hundreds of horror films and I very rarely get unnerved by them, (mainly because they are clichéd or remakes), but Sinister was something different. The story follows Ellison Oswalt (Ethan Hawke), a true crime novelist, who has just moved homes with his family, to begin work on his new book about a missing child and her murdered family. He soon finds super 8 film stored in his attic and upon playing the found footage he reveals several gruesome murders. After watching the footage, Ellison starts to experience strange things happening in his new home. But unknown to the rest of Ellison's family, his new home is where one gruesome murders occurred.This is not your typical clichéd horror film, from the very start of the film, there is an eerie atmosphere and and uneasy feeling, which only grows as the film plays out. The scare scenes are incredibly tense and unpredictable. The acting is amazing especially from Ethan Hawke, and the characters are portrayed brilliantly. It has a nice steady pace to it, as the story and characters are set up, until the scares begin. Sinister is definitely my horror film of the year, it has a great script, an amazing cast, unique and unpredictable scares, and a gruesome ending. For horror fans this is a must see.
평점: 7	리뷰: Well just got back from seeing this and not sure what film the people giving it more than 6 were watching. One person says the twist at the end was genius? The ending was clichéd and extremely predictable for a film of this genre of late. Yes it had a few scary moments in it but they were all of the loud noise/something jumping out at you type. There is no real tension and you can guess the so called twist by about a quarter of the way in.The acting I felt was good enough even from the children. Personally I'd say wait for it to come out on DVD instead of wasting your money at the cinema.
평점: 10	리뷰: I was really looking forward to this movie, I went to every first showing on Friday, Too my local cinema, even took the day of work, this was very first movie I have saw in Cinema this year.Another horror movie shows too much in trailer, the most of scare scene were already seen in the trailer, it kinda takes the scare away from the movie, as we already seen it, There twos other scenes that thankfully were not in the trailer, one of them did make me Jump and there one scenes I found some what creepy. Normal I don't silly stuff, this really annoyed me in some parts, Main lead hears a loud noise but no ones else seem to hear it, even the next night, when he falls, makes noise and starts screaming really loud, No one else seem to here or come by after he fall thought the floor! The other thing that really annoyed me was the really loud shouting scenes, it was over the top and was not needed at all, my head start hurt! This movie as Nothing we not really see before in pass horror movies, For me this me kinda drag on a little, when we finally know the story. Then they rush the the ending as it's gets way too predicable, there one scenes that really reminded me of Insidious as well. talking about Insidious, I was not big fan of it but I Would watch that over this any day. 5 out of 10
평점: 3	리뷰: I usually hate horror films. Not because they are horror films, but because they are usually clichéd, predictable and just plain bad. There hasn't been a decent horror film since Saw and before that, not since the late 80's. I wanted to give this one a go though because Ethan Hawke was in it and also because the plot was actually somewhat good and put a twist on the whole found footage thing. To my surprise the film was better than I thought it would be. It was good and enjoyable. Not an engrossing film and the characters are somewhat two-dimensional, although they do try to make them more. The film was a bit predictable at times and had a few stupid horror moments, but I liked it. I like the fact that they created Ethan Hawke's character as a writer looking for his next big hit and that's why he stays on. Because to be honest, the second I saw the villain I'd be gone. But this character is determined to seek the answer to the question: who killed the family? There are a few jumpy bits, but it's because of the sound editing more than anything else. It is one of the best modern horrors I've seen. But obviously cannot compete with the old-school.
평점: 7	리뷰: A good film. Worth watching? Yes, but be prepared for scenes and dialogue that have been done before. To a devout horror fan it is mildly entertaining. However, there are genius moments throughout the film that score a 10/10 in my eyes. Firstly, the music. Wow! Christopher Young's composition of sound and music was spot on. Really added to the eeriness of the film. Secondly, the visuals were great. Hardly any CGI, dark and sinister shots and the cinematography was good also.All in all a good film, but it did lack something. It could have been less predictable.Danielle
평점: 8	리뷰: Sinister Review: Sinister is insidious spooky disturbing cousin. Sinister disturbing creepy horrific and that's just the hanging opening scene that will leave an imprint on your mind, the movie features a writer in the form of Ethan Hawke (who is on top form) trying to solve a mystery of a family murder in the home he has chosen to stay in but it's safe to say things take a sinister turn for the worse. Sinister is a disturbing spooky home made movie scarefest.Sinister in short is creepy unsettling horror at it's supernatural best you will be nightmare bound after you watch this, you will be jumping all the way through with snakes dogs creepy children and death scenes that will send a shiver down your spine, watch but be warned nightmares will follow
평점: 7	리뷰: The autumn chill hits, and it's a good time for horror movies...Sinister comes from the people who gave us Paranormal Activity and also The Exorcism Of Emily Rose. Only it's a little more... sinister. Found footage of snuff movies heralds its adult credentials before you've had time to choke on the nachos or splutter salsa over the person in front. Copy picture A family is murdered. Months later, comeback writer Ellison Osborne moves into the house with his family. In the attic, he discovers a box of tapes that includes footage of many murders. Unbeknown to his family, he has chosen the house in order to research a true-crime novel. Having only had one bestseller, he sees this as his lucky break, his chance to write his In Cold Blood. The children start to act strangely and his good wife freaks out on him when she discovers the real reason they are living there.Ethan Hawke, as Ellison, and lovely Shakespearean actress Juliet Rylance playing his wife, Tracy, immediately strike us as realistic characters worthy of belief and empathy. Their convincing personas have more depth than the average shock- flick, and we are sorely tempted to consider whether this at heart might be a psychological thriller of Hitchcockian nastiness. Yet if the trailer hasn't given everything away, we are transported into a dark world of malignant forces the minute Ellison discovers a strange symbol repeated on the death tapes. Strong supporting acts appear in the form of a local police deputy – who changes from doting fanboy to calm, collected criminologist; and a little later Professor Jonas – the expert on bizarre cults. The professor makes this Babylonian demon 'Bagul' sound so realistic that you could be forgiven for wondering if Sinister is based on a true story, with Mansonesque worshippers helping Bagul to find souls of children to feast on.More lost footage. More creaks and bumps in the Osborne family's almost endless night. Ellison is losing the plot, but we are barely a knife-edge ahead of him. Cue cute kids, cue creepy kids, cue dead kids. Sinister will shortly become shriek-out-loud horror. As well as creeping inside your head on the way home, insidious horror. Polished production values handle clichéd camera jerks with admirable restraint. What we can see and know on-screen is nasty; what we don't know is even more unsettling. Perhaps pausing only to admire the exquisite backing tracks and diligently applied sound effects, we soon realise we are hooked on trying to solve the mystery: who was the killer? Sinister's dark humour is equally discreet. Rather than being played for quick laughs, it emphasises the fear experienced by our protagonists. When Ellison is threatened by a Cujo-sized dog, he speaks soothingly, gently, while muttering a desire for the baseball bat to smash its skull in. And during a row with his wife, he says he hasn't 'really' brought them to house where murder was committed, since our crime occurred 'in the garden' ("As if that makes any difference!" Tracy explodes.) Horror films sometimes work by challenging us to confront the things we abhor, and all from the safety of a cinema seat. Whether physical (mass murderers), mental (psychological threats) or psychical (supernatural happenings), horrors on a movie-screen do not have to be real – just real enough to remind us of something that could be. Our inner demons. The things we fear most. It could be said the 'ghost' haunting Ellison Osborne, his creeping, sweating, drink-sozzled paranoia, is evoked by his frankly unsavoury and obsessive career, his life's dream, that is in reality destroying the family that he loves and frightening his children. As with Frankenstein before him, Ellison's monstrosities might be partly of his own making. It might be tempting to see the monster as a reflection of him. Yet the very visible on-screen ghosts are nevertheless small works of art that capture our senses. That, and the gut- churningly self-assured, unexpected and irresistibly compelling ending swiftly sweep aside mundane interpretations.Given the effort put into getting it right, a part of me would still have loved to see a police psychiatrist in the coda explaining how everything really happened. An ultimate reliance on the supernatural is fine for horror fans, but inevitably weakens mainstream impact. (Imagine Norman Bates had summoned his mother back from the dead instead of just putting a wig on.) Sinister is far too derivative to be accorded a big place in cinema history; but this souped-up, low-budget compendium of dread is still more satisfying than most horror films that graced our screens this summer.
평점: 7	리뷰: I went to watch Sinister with high expectations and to be left a shivering mess. I thought it would be one of those films where I was squeezing the arms of my seat, squinting, trying to keep my head pointed at the screen. As it turned out I ended up laughing at most of the "fright moments". The scares were predictable, the plot after 20 minutes was obvious and the only real scare I got came at one point where Ethan Hawke has a baseball bat in his kitchen and the camera pans to show a child standing just over his shoulder.The film takes every scary, supernatural, horror cliché and crams them into 109 minutes. The only thing missing was an Indian Burial ground - they even managed to get the deranged axe murderer into a movie about a Pagan deity. Why is it always Pagan?Comedy relief is provided by a local policeman who crosses from genius to idiot in the space of 5 minutes, while completely juxtaposing the supposed serious character of Ethan Hawke as a once successful investigative real-life crime author, trying to rekindle the fame he once had.The acting isn't bad, but it's not brilliant either. The film relies too heavily on the names of the cast and the marketing strategy of "From the makers of Insidious and Paranormal Activity" than any real plot substance. There is nothing new in this film, if you have saw more than a couple of horrors over the last few years – then you will find it hard to leave fulfilled.The ending is slightly unexpected, but not enough to save the film and ultimately it leaves you disappointed. The final scene sums up the whole movie, if they have to give you "one final scare" just before the credits roll – then it probably wasn't worth it.As it turns out the name of the bad guy demi-god was pretty close to how I felt about the film, Bagul was the name – Bagul-Crap was how I felt.
평점: 7	리뷰: 'Sinister' is about a crime novelist who moves his family into a new home to start his new book. He finds found footage in the attic which reveals a string of related murders. In every murder scene, there's a symbol and an image of a paranormal entity. So obviously, he starts to investigate; with devastating consequences.The trailer for this movie is one you see and go 'screw that, there's no way I'm watching it!'. And it definitely delivered the scares. It was terrifying. I've never jumped so hard at one of the moments in it. There was also loads of creepy and disturbing imagery, dark cinematography and PLENTY of jumpy bits. The only problem I had with it is that it spent too much time focusing on the footage and not enough action happening to the family. I don't know anyone else with this opinion but I definitely felt that way about it.
평점: 8	리뷰: Sinister, Scott Dickerson's horror follow up to the 2005 Exorcism of Emily Rose (turning a blind eye to the ill advised Day the Earth stood still remake) is a rare horror film in modern Hollywood. It manages to be scary. Anchored by a solid turn by Ethan Hawke and an old school approach to scares, Sinister is arguable one of the better horror films of the year if not the last few.Early trailers for Sinister tended to highlight the found footage aspect of the film. It is admiring that the film has a much fresher approach to it. The story instead chooses to focus on the person who finds the footage. Ethan Hawke plays Ellison, a struggling true crime writer working on his latest book. He finds a box of disturbing Super 8 films in the attic of his new home and the movie focuses on the strange goings on surrounding this ''found footage''.Why this film succeeds over other more recent Horror films is in the writing of Hawkes character. Having tasted fame a decade earlier Ellison has struggled to capture the success he once had. Facing financial ruin he moves his family into a new house which was once the scene of a horrific family murder. The idea is to get closer to the victims, write his best book yet, save his family from financial hardship and more importantly get back the fame he so desperately craves. It's the constant threat of financial hardship and Hawke's ego that makes him and his family remaining in the house all the more believable when things start to go bump in the night. Hawke is lucky to be blessed with a character that is a lot deeper than you would get in this type of film. He captures the stress and desperation of his situation perfectly. At times he can come across has arrogant but it's a testament to Hawke's performance that you are always rooting for him.Scott Dickerson and co screen writer C. Robert Cargill has expertly crafted a horror film with very old school sensibilities. The action is set predominantly in the confines of the house and the photography coupled with an unnerving score provides a constant level of threat throughout. There are no quick edits to get scares, no flashy photography. The whole thing has a very 70's style feel to it. The film is grim and tense without ever reeling on gore or violence. The scares when they do come are well crafted. With the exception of one unnecessary jump scare near the beginning the film never seems to relay on cheap tricks in order to get goose bumps. The terror seems to be at a high level from the get go providing tension in scenes that might not be seeking it. In one particular scene, a heated exchange between Ellison and his wife. I found myself focusing on the background, constantly waiting for a figure to appear in the doorway, or from something strike. The use of the old super 8 footage is creepy in itself and I would suggest if you haven't seen the trailer to avoid has the less you see of them the better. Finally the villain of the piece is unnerving, well designed and used just sparingly enough that it is certain to leave an impression. Sinister isn't flawless. Performances outside of Hawke's are more hit and miss. Juliet Rylance has Ellison's wife is given one or two scenes to shine but disappears for large chunks of the screen time. The same faith befalls his children in particular his son who only seems to appear in the house when something strange has to occur. After awhile he disappears altogether and there is never a sense that all these characters exist under the same roof. Some much need comedy moments arrive in the form of Deputy so and so who is used sparingly enough. Vincent Di Onofrio literally web cams it in a small role has an occult college professor. Overall Sinister works, Sure, his family seem to be heavily sedated come night has they never seem to wake to any of the strange goings on. Sure Ellison seems to be very environmentally conscious has he insists on investing the strange goings on in his house without ever turning a light on. These are minor issues in a film that works so well. Sinister is creepy and disturbing and will stay with you long after the house lights come on. If you are looking for some genuine scares, you couldn't get any better than this.
평점: 5	리뷰: Ellison (Ethan Hawke) is a writer of true-life crime accounts, which explains why he moves his family (wife and two children) into a house where a mass murder took place. When he finds a box of super 8 movies in the loft, he watches them all even after seeing that the first one shows the murders which took place in this very house. Keen watchers of this sort of film will be expecting creepy occurrences and unexplained noises at this point and, sure enough, they arrive right on cue. Ellison clearly is not a keen watcher of this sort of film, because he not only ignores these unexplained phenomena, he digs deeper into the mystery. Run for the hills, Ellison, and take your family with you! I'm not very good at spotting twists, wrinkles and the like, but this film held no surprises for me at all. In particular, I spotted the catch towards the end when it was telegraphed earlier on. But for all that, this is quite a good movie of its type. Without being loaded up with scares, it is pretty creepy all the way through, and it gets under way quickly and without excessive preamble. Ethan Hawke forms a solid centre in a movie which is very nearly a single-hander.Moderately scary, and keeps you interested.
평점: 8	리뷰: Directed and scripted by Scott Derrickson ("The Exorcism of Emily Rose," 2008's "The Day the Earth Stood Still") from a C. Robert Cargill story, "Sinister" is an exquisite realization of an original paranormal theme. The movie debuted in this same town's SXSW Film Festival in March.Ethan Hawke is Ellison Oswalt, a true crime author and devoted family man with a what-have-you-done-for-us-lately fan base and editor anxiously awaiting his next blockbuster. Wife Tracy (Juliet Rylance) and youngsters Ashley (Clare Foley) and Trevor (Michael Hall D'Addario) are tired of constantly moving from town to town as Oswalt is wont to plant temporary roots close to the subjects of his ripped-from-the-headlines novels. As the film opens, the Oswalts are moving into yet another new house, but Ellison swears this is the last time, and selectively informs his family of his intentions.In the process of unpacking, Ellison discovers a box of the previous owner's old home movies in the attic. Thus begins the odyssey into the unknown. Let it be said at the outset that this is not "just another found footage film." In reversing the role of viewer and protagonist, to some extent, it's Hawke's character who discovers the reels while we see his story played out on screen. We don't spend two hours watching shaky 8MM footage. They are integral to the narrative but aren't the sum of its parts.In his horror debut, Hawke turns in a striking tour-de-force performance that rivals anything I've seen recently ("Insidious'" Patrick Wilson comes close). Rylance is delightful as the patient but exasperated wife who's barely willing to stand by her man for one more moment. Foley (Abby in "Win Win") and D'Addario (Josh in "People Like Us") are frighteningly authentic as the glue that holds this tight-knit family together. Fred Dalton Thompson ("Law & Order's" D.A. Arthur Branch and former U.S. Senator) does a star turn as the stubborn sheriff who will have nothing to do with outsiders tarnishing his town's already-shaky reputation. Welcome comic relief comes from underrated character actor James Ransone ("Ken Park," "Inside Man," HBO's "The Wire").This is Ethan Hawke's first foray into this genre, a simple consequence of his passion for the material. "He said he'd never do horror," paraphrasing the filmmakers in the Q&A following the screening here, but he fell in love with Derrickson's script. The casting of Juliet Rylance as his wife was also done at his suggestion. Their on screen chemistry is undeniable.The technical team doesn't miss a beat. Top-notch visual effects are always key in a film like this, but the common flaw in this genre lies in overdoing it. CGI and post-production trickery can certainly advance the narrative where appropriate but "Sinister's" old school in-camera effects, done while shooting, enhance the believability of the action.Cinematographer Chris Norr eschews hand-held for stationary tripod shots and Hitchcockian slow pans, with POV tracking shots that allow the audience to sense the protagonist's growing paranoia. The occasional subjective POV angle, where the character looks at the camera, effectively places the viewer into the scene.Lighting in the Oswalt home, where most of the action takes place, is appropriately subdued and rife with interplays of light and shadow. Hawke is often seen in silhouette, masking dark corners hiding secrets, literally. Terrifying night scenes beg the question, "Why are you going up into the attic?" Christopher Young's original score blends perfectly with needle-drop songs from some of the filmmakers' favorite indie bands. In a typical production, where third party songs will be inserted, the actors work to a temp track -- music that plays in the background until the company can obtain licensing for the tunes they want for the finished product, usually unknown (although often hoped for) during filming, that are then added to the soundtrack in post-production. With "Sinister," Derrickson and his team were able to purchase the rights prior to shooting so the cast members performed to a playback of the songs that would actually be used in the final cut. It does make a difference, especially when seasoned professionals like Hawke are "acting" in sync with the same music the audience hears in those scenes. It creates a symbiotic ambiance that links viewer to actor.As a reviewer, I try to keep expectations out of my thoughts and writing. After all, it's only fair to the filmmakers (and me, and my readers) to judge a movie on its merits. Fortunately, it's not too much of a challenge to be as objective as possible when entering the theater, especially if it's a premiere and no other reviews are out there (and you haven't watched a trailer). But Fantastic Fest is a genre festival, after all, and one would not attend, theoretically, without being a fan of same. So expectations are placed on the film simply by virtue of the fact it's even being shown.That's why I'm happy to report that "Sinister" was all I hoped it would be. Yes, this is why I attend Fantastic Fest and movies like this make it worth the trip. This is the flick for jaded horror fans who think nothing can scare them. This one does it. "Sinister" will give you nightmares.
평점: 9	리뷰: I have watched creepier films in the past (most recently - Insidious - The Forth Kind - P.A.) but this was a very good horror movie to compete with the market now-days. Ethan Hawk carried the acting and the plot - The whole story behind him and his wife was hollow and could have been dealt with in a more realistic way but that's not to say that it spoilt any of the movie. The issue with the son was unnecessary (Night Terrors) - It was left unexplained, per say, as to why the son was responding more to the Demon Bagul's presence - But then it wouldn't have mattered given he was to be another victim. Furthermore there could have been more reason to why each of the previous families had upped and moved - Was this because they too were being haunted by the Demon and had to move out to another place. "Twist" was predictable and at the same time disappointing as I had hoped throughout watching that there was going to be an even bigger twist that diverted the plot from the children and involved say aged 60's cults. IMO. Overall the style of the directing added to the creepy feel and the scares were great. Ending let it down slightly but did not ruin the entire experience.Would recommend seeing in the cinema or late at night in the dark.
평점: 6	리뷰: I went to watch this in the cinema knowing nothing other than its name. The opening scene is probably one of the most disturbing I've seen and it doesn't stop there; Ethan Hawke who plays true crime author Ellison Oswalt finds several super 8 films entitled 'Home Movies' and in these home movies, families (excluding one child) are killed in gruesome ways, this makes you grit your teeth anyway but it has a high jump factor as there are numerous scenes which pop up unannounced. Although the jumpy scenes are predictable, they still pack a punch, especially in the cinemas. This film isn't for the faint-hearted, it will scar you mentally and will put you off having children forever. The best horror film in years and a good story behind it!
평점: 6	리뷰: After seeing this I felt I had to review this as it was not what I was expecting at all.Firstly the films lighting. There is a time and place for darkness but in the case of this film even at breakfast the lighting was poor, maybe the budget went elsewhere. Now in a time when directors and producers use their wit and imagination to draw you in throw a few twists and then surprise you at the end as in many horrors these days, this one didn't. It relied on poor old techniques to make people jump for a brief second before spending the next five minutes boring you with predictable behaviours of the characters only to do the same poor old technique to make someone jump again. As I sat in a packed cinema one thing became apparent the need for many to begin their own conversations as obviously they were finding this as predictable as myself. This under the right direction could have been good maybe even very good, but it simply wasn't and I think 3/10 is being quite generous.
평점: 4	리뷰: Home movies will never be the same for me after watching the advanced screening of the new horror film "Sinister". It all starts when a true-crime writer (Ethan Hawke) moves his family into the house where the former tenants were murdered. Talk about inspiration.The story unfolds into a twisted tale that is sure to please most any fan of the horror genre. Ethan Hawke's performance is top-notch and the humor offsets the horror just enough, that as soon as you relax, you're flinching in your seat again.Overall, I enjoyed the suspense, humor, and creepy visuals that this film delivered and would recommend it to any guy looking to get his arm held tightly by his date.
평점: 8	리뷰: I have been waiting to see Sinister since the first buzz about it at the SXSW festival. I finally saw it and it fulfilled most of my expectations.Horror movies are made of different traditions and styles. You have those with creepy atmosphere, those with disturbing imagery, or those with scares-that-go-bump-in-the- night. Sinister is one of the few that reaches a consistent mix of all the elements. In the movie, a true-crime writer moves into a house where a family was killed, and founds a box of super8 reels that depict that murder, as well as others. The super8 movies provide the "disturbing imagery" part of Sinister, and they are truly chilling and unsettling. Hidden in the footage, the writer finds glimpses of a mysterious figure, and his investigation suddenly turns into a nightmare for him and his own family. That's where the "creepy atmosphere" sets in. And, as his investigation progresses, you have plenty of sudden scares and jumps. Thanks to an amazing camera work, a skillful direction, and an a perfect (and slightly atypical for horror flicks) soundtrack, Sinister manages to be extremely effective in delivering all of these different shades of horror. Sinister also has a quality that most horror movies lack: It is actually well written. Some reviewers have gone at great lengths in pointing out supposed inconsistencies, but, as far as I can tell, they have all misunderstood several plot points. For instance, a few reviewers ridiculed the fact that the main character wonders in his house without turning the lights on---but, in the movie, it is explained that the electric circuits are off. If you pay attention, every action is explained. In fact, it is refreshing to see an horror movie that doesn't feel half-backed, and where characters act consequentially. One of Sinister's writers was a former movie critic (at Ain't It Cool News), and his love for the genre (strong as it needs to be in a fan, but sophisticated as it needs to be in critic) comes through. The quality of its writing is apparent in the smoothness of the final product. Most horror movies tend to be discontinuous and uneven. For instance, before getting to the interesting part of "Paranormal Activity", you need to get through a lengthy and cumbersome introduction. And "Insidious", after a fantastic first half, ends with a predictable and awkward second act. Sinister, instead, proceeds evenly, pacing its scares, revealing important clues at the proper time, and giving equal attention to the buildup of the situations as well as their resolution. Part of this strength comes from the fact that the movie's concept, while not entirely original, is well thought out. The metaphor of the "evil force" that lives inside the world of images is better developed here than in (for instance) "The ring", and does not fill shoe-horned as a metaphor for horror movies themselves. The last strength of the movie that I want to mention is Ethan Hawke's exceptional performance. Hawke is truly believable as the writer obsessed with finding one last great story to tell---and eventually getting more than what he asked for. He succeeds in making his character complex and credible, and in making the viewers care for and identify with him. I am hard press to find a similarly convincing performance in a horror movie, besides George C. Scott in "The Changeling".
평점: 1	리뷰: Ellison (Ethan Hawke) is a writer who follows unsolved crime stories and writes books investigating them himself. He had a bestseller ten years ago called "Kentucky Blood" but hasn't had a hit since. So he moves his family into a new home where the family occupying the house had been murdered with the exception of a little girl, who was missing. Desperate for another hit book and buried under pressure from his unknowing and un-patient wife, Ellison works diligently to solve the case of the missing little girl for his new book. After coming across a box of videos in the attic of the family that was murdered he realizes he may be opening a door to something he won't be able to walk away from.Ethan Hawke delivers a performance we aren't used to in horror films. He plays a character not sure of his own true motives. He wonders whether he is putting his family through this to save a missing child or to prove he can write a great book after his last several have failed. He closes himself off from his family out of obsession with the book yet never goes off the deep end. He is reserved and does a great job showing his inner turmoil using subtle facial expressions and line delivery rather than going off the deep end and overacting. You can sense his fear without being told about it. It's a refreshing performance for a genre not known for its acting. Especially since for the majority of the film he's the only one on screen.Most of the horror in Sinister comes from the found footage video reels we view alongside Ellison. They document several terrible incidents; one in particular involving a lawn mower that is extremely unsettling. A lot of the other scenes meant to frighten though are much less original and less disturbing. Even with the slow burning suspense of the film; the ending scene comes fast and is slightly disappointing. It always felt as though the scares could have been taken a step further. Sinister has a nice platform to tell a horror story and a capable actor in a role that fits him perfectly. At times the slow pace is perfectly suspenseful, leading us to believe we are in for an emotionally scarring climax (in a good way). At other times it had me rolling my eyes as plot lines were re-enforced over and over again (We get it, he needs a new bestseller!) and left me wondering if the film had enough time left after an hour and fifteen minutes passed to truly frighten. The footage Ellison finds delivers a lot of extremely eerie sequences but when the horror begins to occur in real time Sinister loses its originality and feels like a different film entirely. The whole story and feel of the film though is pleasantly creepy and it's ultimately a well-made horror film that unfortunately falls short of being as memorable or frightening as I'd hoped. It may not have been as scary as I would have liked, but it is a good film that happens to be horror. That's rare enough to appreciate a little. 7/10
평점: 10	리뷰: September, 2005. As I sat in the packed auditorium watching The Exorcism of Emily Rose, I immediately knew within the first 20 minutes into the film that the scenes and images I've seen so far is the work of a horror director of a like mind. That is, a mind of horror, unrelenting viciousness, a silent and tranquil bloodbath of an imagination. It takes one to know one, and I knew instantly we were of like minds, and I was going to watch very closely all of his future works.Fast forward seven years, catching the 10 p.m. show of SiNiStEr on Oct. 12, 2012 Thursday night, I eagerly anticipate this work. During the film, I saw probably the most chilling and ingenious five second scene in my entire movie watching experience thus far(I'll give you a clue so you know what I'm talking about after you watch it: it had something to do with a laptop). And I see 3 other very excellent scenes. All in all, it shot straight to my all time top 10 list(I've seen at least 3000 movies), and the best, I repeat best horror film I've ever seen. It was almost watching my own work, because it is very similar to a film I would've made if I had the opportunity. While there's some room for improvement, it viciously rapes and kills all other main stream Hollywood horror movies with unrelenting brutality and an odd touch of subtle tranquility.On a side note, I knew I kind of ruined the full potential of my movie experience by watching the trailer because they included that best 5 second scene. I hate the trailer editor so much, why did you have to put the best scene in the whole movie into the trailer? You can be rest assured, I will not watch the next Scott Derrickson's movie trailer. So if you haven't seen the trailer, please don't, and go watch the movie on the big screen.
평점: 7	리뷰: In this day and age, horror is getting more and more creative by demand since the psycho killer in the woods-scenario has pretty much run its course. A consequence of that is the incorporation of contemporary technology and concepts appearing in the genre; "found footage" films have replaced Jason and Michael, and while these films do have potential (this year's indie "V/H/S" had some neat ideas), even they are beginning to lose steam. Enter "Sinister", which is an amalgam of timeless supernatural horror themes and "found footage" technique that has proved to be a consistent box office draw."Sinister" follows a true crime author, Ellison (Ethan Hawke) who moves his family (unbeknownst to them) into a house where an entire family was hung to death in a tree in their backyard, save the youngest daughter who vanished without a trace. Upon moving in, Ellison finds a box of 8mm footage and a projector in the attic; contained in these reels of film are various murders dating from the 1960s up to present day— one of them is the filming of the hanging murder that occurred in his backyard. As he furthers investigation into the footage, he finds more than he bargained for when connections are made to an ancient deity who takes the souls of children.On a surface level, "Sinister" appears like every other horror piece on the market, but I was surprised by the substance the film had. Conceptually and thematically speaking, it's not painfully original, but director Scott Derrickson makes up for that with striking visuals and a daunting soundtrack. The opening of the film is particularly disturbing— the movie begins with the family hanging murder, which sets a damned unsettling tone for the rest of the film.In terms of the supernatural elements at play in the script, they almost seem fairytale-ish (a Pagan deity who feeds on children— c'mon), but it does add a unique element to the film. I have to say though that the most frightening thing in this movie are the actual murder tapes themselves. It could be just me, but the notion of filmed murders unsettles me to the core, even if I know that the footage is faked; as if the act of murder itself isn't awful enough, documenting it is downright... well, sinister. The footage utilized in the film is unsettling, shocking, and above all, it's realistic, so the audience gets the same unpleasant feelings shared by Ethan Hawke's character. Truly macabre stuff.Another major positive for this film is that the acting is far above par for what most genre fans are dealt. Ethan Hawke is a quality actor and newcomer Juliet Rylance proves her chops here; their scenes together are particularly strong, and much more than any horror fan could dream of asking for. The film's ending can be seen from a certain distance, although it doesn't necessarily make it less shocking in this case. If anything, it adds to the sense of dread pervading the film.Overall, "Sinister" was a pleasant surprise for me. It doesn't offer heaps in terms of originality, but it's a stylistically stunning film and takes steps in the right in direction very gracefully. When it comes down to it, I can't say that I was even really "scared" by the film so much as I was unsettled by it. It has its share of orthodox jump scares, but I was more bothered and rattled by the grim nature of the film as a whole, which is a nice feeling to walk away from the theater with as a thick-skinned genre fan who has become increasingly harder to unnerve. 7/10.
평점: 3	리뷰: At first I went into this movie with low hopes, I mean seriously, it was produced by the same guy who produced Paranormal Activity (OK but not scary) and Insidious (one of the worst movies I can ever unsee which I finally decided must be a comedy). At the start of the movie it shows the previous family being hung from a tree behind their house, as seen in one of the many trailers. The story then switches to, and begins with, true crime author Ellison Oswalt (Hawke) and his family of course moving into said house to write his new book. Later he finds a box containing "home videos" in the attic and begins watching them which then unlocks Bughuul into the story, which uses photographs and videos as a gate way into our realm and creating some of the creepiest scenes I've seen in awhile. Bughuul is one of the best scary movie characters of all time and just can't get his face out of my head, especially when a photograph of Bughuul's face on Ellison's laptop turns to look at him and turns back to normal. The ending was also kind of messed up....OK, really messed up from what you can tell in a drawing near the end.Now I love scary movies and horror films, not because they're scary or anything, but because i find them entertaining. It's been awhile since a movie has truly made me jump in my seat (recalling "Mirrors' bathtub scene) more than once (about 4 to times to be exact) which places it on my top scary movie list.If you're a person who loves scary movies with a few good, random laughs (despite the predictability) or just want to take your girlfriend (or boyfriend?) that scares easily, i would highly recommend this film. Also you must see this film in theaters. Can't beat seeing and hearing people scream during this film.Overall 8/10
평점: 8	리뷰: So being a huge horror fan, I went into the cinema with the thought that this was either going to be passable or laughable. An although it wasn't the latter it was barely the first.Dragged out in places and incredibly predictable its a typical movie of the present day horror genre where its more 'lets mess with your head' than 'lets build atmosphere and give you a good story line'.There are the usual popping up from behind doors, loud noises and mediocre 'scares' that most will find satisfying but are tiresome for horror fanatics like me.It had potential and i must admit the ending is enjoyable and slightly warped when you realise who the 'killer' is, but by this point the film is beyond saving and you'll be glad its ended.At home it will have little effect and should be viewed (if at all) in a cinema setting.Whilst leaving the cinema many said how terrifying it was and it was the best horror they had seen in years. I and many other horror fans will probably beg to differ.Good for some 'jumpy' moments but not for people who are expecting a decent horror
평점: 7	리뷰: Last film watched: Sinister - 6/10. This movie is basically a time capsule for what is popular in horror films in 2012. So we have a family moving into a new house (every horror of the last five years), creepy children (the ring, insidious) some kind of ancient demon, (PA, Insidious) nothing happening during the day but at night the atmosphere builds from one jump to the next (PA again) and of course (slight spoiler) a twist ending (sixth sense). Ethan Hawke is pretty good in the main role, nothing else to note about the rest of the acting though. All the other characters are horror clichés too: the world weary sheriff, the lovable, helpful deputy (scream), the uptight wife (Amityville horror, loads of others), rebellious kids. It all just feels copied and pasted from everything else. The thing that almost saves it is the ending. Coming out of nowhere the nightmarish conclusion feels like something more out of a Japanese horror which is obviously a great thing. If they could have made the rest of the movie as mental, ballsy and original as the ending they would have been onto something.
평점: 5	리뷰: In today's depressing world of the Hollywood sequel machine it's so refreshing to see a film that can still shock, scare and surprise. The director of such a film is Scott Derrickson, who refused to let a big studio dictate how his film would play out, and especially how it would end. He searched until he found a company that let him have complete control, a minor miracle. The result is "Sinister", a film so full of unmentionables and studio "no no's" that it feels almost foreign. What's certain is that the film feels uncomfortable, disturbing, and entirely horrifying."Sinister" is about a true-crime novelist named Ellison Oswalt (Ethan Hawke), who, in search of his next great story, movies his wife (Juliet Rylance) and two kids to a new town so he can be closer to the crime scene of his planned story. His wife wants to know if they've moved next door to a murder scene "again". He promises "No", and he tells the truth. They've haven't moved next door to the scene of the crime, they've moved into it. Four members of a family were found hanging in a tree out back, and their little girl is still missing.While unpacking, Ellison uncovers a box of Super-8 films in the attic. Seemingly family home movies, he plays the first one and is shocked at what he finds halfway through. After a few shots of whiskey he returns to watch the rest, witnessing recorded murders before his very eyes. The names on the labels of the home movies take on a sickening double meaning: "Family Hanging Out", "BBQ", "Pool Party", among others. I won't mention the worst one, a segment that is so shocking it left the theatre in a dead quiet, and I'm still trying to shake it.Unbeknownst to Ellison, something evil lurks within the videos, a demon of ancient days known for doing insidious things, and watching the films releases its evil upon him and his family. It's only a matter of time before it seems he may be next.There are so many little layers to this film that one wonders how they'll all tie together or if they will even matter by the film's end credits. Surprisingly they do matter, and to Derrickson's credit he brings the house down with a riveting climax that zips everything up tight like a body-bag, without ever stooping into Hollywood Ending territory.Filmed with a sure eye for framing and with the patience to not burden the film with lots of quick cuts and jump-scares, the director creates a film of suspense that mounts and mounts. When the shocks come, and boy do they ever, they aren't cheap. They're scary as hell.The script allows for some excellent moments between all of the actors, moments of levity and brief laughter that are more than comic relief (and thank God for any relief this film offers), they're touching and revealing of the characters. Ellison's motivations are strong to stay in the house, but so are his wife's to get outta there. When they finally do reach a decision, it may be too late. At nearly two hours, it's also thirty minutes longer than most horror films and just when you think it's reached a hair-raising climax, you ain't seen nothing' yet! Brace yourselves.-Thomas Bond
평점: 8	리뷰: Over the years horror films have gotten to be a dime a dozen. More often than not they just fail to deliver. With the found footage craze, it added a new depth, but sadly ran its course almost as fast as it became popular. The latest to try it's hand in delivering something new to the genre is Sinister, that while it's not a found footage film, does use some of the technique to tell what looks to be a somewhat unique tale.Sinister follows a crime novelist and his family as they move into a new home for him to work on his latest true-crime novel. The closer he comes to the truth, the more he realizes he might have put his family in the path of pure evil. This film definitely delivers on not only the story it wants to tell, but in the creepy nature it sets out to achieve. The use of the old school films to tell the story adds a new dimension that really stepped this film up. Ethan Hawke did an awesome job with his character and delivering the obsessive nature needed to bring this part to life. The film takes its time to build up the strange disturbed story that is needed, but is also where the film has a minor issue. There are some aspects to the story that are just not needed and really seep in from time to time and end up slowing things down causing it to lose some of the momentum its building. Thankfully that is the only issue with this movie. It really delivers a unique addition to the horror genre with a new creature/character that could easily be brought back from time to time if done correctly. There isn't a lot of blood here, but there is a lot of moments that showcase the fills to come, while really sticking images in your brain that affect you without ever seeing them.This is a great addition to the genre, but one that will no doubt be met with mixed feelings due to its sometime slow nature. Despite the sometimes slow pace this is a cleverly creepy horror film that is sure to be a refreshing taste for those fans of the genre.
평점: 8	리뷰: "Sinister" is yet another horror flick that is well made but, is just too familiar to really be effective. The story opens as a true crime author (Ethan Hawke) moves his family into a house where a multiple homicide was committed (always a bad move) that is the subject of his new novel. But, a box of old home movies mysteriously shows up containing footage of numerous murders and before you can say "The Ring" a pagan boogie man know as Buhguul is haunting the footage and his life. Scott Derrickson does create some nice atmosphere and there are some genuinely spooky scenes and well executed jump scares but, he and C. Robert Cargill's script is far too reminiscent of films like "The Ring" and "The Grudge" to establish it's own identity and really scare us. You pretty much know what is coming and it's no shock when the film finally gets there. As usual, Hawke's Ellison makes all the right stupid decisions to set the story in motion and continues to do so to keep it headed toward it's predicable conclusion. And I can forgive stupidity in a horror flick if at least it delivers the goods and "Sinister" only does really gives us some good chills in the last third but, then arrives at a routine conclusion for this kind of flick that we see coming a mile away. It also doesn't help that so little is known about this Buhguul entity that we never really get a good grasp of it's character and therefor don't really get a good sense of menace. He's just another generic boogie man hiding in pictures and movie footage like the long haired girl ghosts of Asian horror, but, without the personality. The cast all perform well. Hawke is good despite the familiarity of the material and Juliet Rylance does her job as the wife concerned over her husbands behavior, although James Ransone's deputy is one stop away from Deputy Dewey from "Scream" . The film does have a slow burn and ultimately could have used a few minutes taken out to move things a long better as there is some repetition with some of the scenes' events (the projector starting on it's own). And the film might have been a bit more effective had the spooky scenes come closer together. All in all SInister is worth a rental, it's not bad, just far too much of what we have seen far too many times before to make it anything more then a forgettable diversion.
평점: 8	리뷰: With the story line being as flimsy as it is there's not much of a set up to let the film achieve it's full potential. It takes a long time for the first real scare to happen and even the it's cheap and predictable. It would work a lot better as an occult thriller/mystery film. It could have been so much more, but bravo and well done to Ethan Hawke for his commendable performance, I've never really seen him as a main character actor but was pleasantly surprised. The main threat in the story is not the demon itself but Ellison's daughter, you begin to see that she is increasingly more strange as the film goes on. I would recommend going to see this film with people who are likely to jump at anything as that will probably make it much more atmospheric. I would also say to try not to watch any interviews, trailers or clips form the film a lot is given away and will certainly spoil your experience.
평점: 7	리뷰: After watching the spine-thrilling Psychological horror - Sinister, where there was quite a lot of jumpy parts of the film, that you wouldn't expect, I felt as if I should check my house once I got home, as I was the only one in the house at the time.Overall I would say it is a seven out of ten, although it being by the Producers of Insidious and the Paranormal Activity trilogy, I didn't think it was as scary as them. But it is still a great film to watch, and an easy and great story line to understand. I would definitely watch it again, as some of the things that was done in the film was amazing. So overall I would say it's a quite bad-ass Horror film.
평점: 9	리뷰: This movie was horrible. Repetitive scare tactics, and a lull of a flick altogether. It had potential, but I left the theater rolling my eyes. It was so bad, that I'm beginning to think that the people on here leaving rave reviews are being paid to do so. Wait until you can rent it for a buck, and even then, I'd say that was too much. I love this genre, and I can even look past a movies flaws if the majority of it was good. The theater wasn't very packed at all, but even then I could hear some of the other people moaning and groaning after one of the "scary" scenes. Some parts that were intended to be scary we're laughable! And not in a good, "campy" sort of way. When the credits rolled, I have never seen an audience get up and leave so hurriedly before, and the look of disappointment on their faces. I could only assume they were thinking the same thing I was, "what the hell did I just pay to see"?
평점: 4	리뷰: This one scared the hell out of me. With the eerie music to accompany the film it sure made the movie creepy as hell. The opening sequence felt so real that it got me hooked to know just what the hell is going on.I was watching it alone on Friday night after work and sure enough there were about less than 10 people in the theater (all of whom were couples). I could bet with my bottom dollar that with this movie they'd be so engaged in the film that they wouldn't dare to think about making out.It is THAT SCARY!!!The film was directed by Scott Derrickson, the same guy who made THE EXORCISM OF EMILY ROSE; and he collaborated with the composer, Christopher Young, on that very film. I am quite familiar with Young's music score from his composition for A NIGHTMARE ON ELM STREET 2 and it was creepy; also he did the score for Sigourney Weaver's serial killer film, COPYCAT.I'm telling you if those two managed to bring out the spine-chilling factor in EMILY ROSE, in SINISTER they really sealed the deal in being the potent filmmakers in the exploration into the paranormal and supernatural. It gave me goosebumps just thinking about it.One thing that I feel about SINISTER was that Derrickson (together with Young) brought us back to that atmospheric terror of the unknown that is truly nostalgic of horror films of the 70s.The feel of the movie was so scary that this was how THE AMITYVILLE HORROR should have been remade.In short, I'd highly recommend you (or better still DARE YOU) to see SINISTER. This is one good date movie if you want your date to crawl under your shirt; or just bring some best buddies to scare the crap out of you. I mean it may not be INSIDIOUS, nevertheless, if you love that then you'll love this.
평점: 8	리뷰: ...but it was by no means bad. I have seen well over two hundred horror movies, so I have seen it all from the mild to grotesque. Perhaps I am a bit desensitized, but I was not the only person in the audience who walked away completely unshaken. This movie is not scary. It is, however, a very well done thriller. Do not go in expecting a horror movie, because you will be disappointed. However, be prepared to witness a well constructed story with some imagery that will stick with you for a while. The main problem I had with this movie was that the villain - a demon named Bagul - was scary to look at but did little to nothing as far as violent action was concerned. He orchestrated everything, but I found him to be much less scary of a character because you didn't even really need to see him and the movie would have reached the same means to an end as it did. It is one thing to make a character look terrifying, but unless he or she follows through with actions that back up their appearance I feel like a lot is lost. That being said, every one of the recorded murders were difficult to watch. Although a lot was implied (only showing blood in one case) there was enough to go on that you knew the families met a horrible demise. I do not want to give anything away, but the look of terror in one of the victim's faces on the lawn is not one I will soon forget. The visuals were very effective and the characters were all there, but for some reason I felt like it never "clicked." I would highly recommend seeing it if you want to get in the Halloween spirit and feel uncomfortable for an evening, but if you want to watch a truly shocking movie I have a whole list of ones available on Netflix instant streaming that are a lot scarier.
평점: 9	리뷰: I was not able to get in to this movie. I'm a sucker for scary movies, and although this one did make me jump a few times the fear factor in this film is fully from the sense of surprise, not actual 'fear' itself. Every time I found myself starting to get involved in the movie, it would pull me back out by a lack of continuity and complete predictability. The story is overplayed, most of the elements in this film we have seen over and over and over again. You can tell within the first 10 minutes what is going to happen, and then you just sit there and wait for it to unfold. An hour and a half later when it does unfold, the movie comes to a sudden end, and you are left disappointed - all that waiting and then nothing really happens. Such an overplayed premise - the film opens with the family moving into a house where someone had been killed in the past - there's a shocker. Of course one of the kids has some weird oddity that picks up on the vibes instantly. The husband is a writer (why do writers in films always have such a shitty sense of style?) the wife is.. who knows.. she's just there to add more tension to the situation. Husband finds some film that documents the crime he is writing about, that occurred in the house.. ooh gee how did it get there? who knows.. what a mystery - sooo scary, we've never seen anything like that happen before. He watches the video and it documents the crime, as well as others - he watches it and finally notices a character and a symbol that repeats in each video. He talks to some college professor (wow something else we've never seen before - though the 'professor' was probably the most interesting character in the entire movie) who lets him know it's some old ancient god that of course doesn't exist, and how it is some initiation.. meanwhile in every video one person from each family isn't present - an overly-obvious foreshadowing of who committed the actual crimes (the children themselves) ..now of course when he watched the video it released the spirit of this demon god whatever, the movie then just shows an hour straight of them having random situations where the spirit of this ghost or of the kids interfere - randomly popping up giving us a little startle but after the first 2 minutes of this it becomes obvious what is going to happen next in just about every scene.. When they finally let the story play out of course it gets to be too much and they all run back to their old home town - and conveniently as soon as they get there they discover that every family who has been killed, lived at the house of a previous murder - this part is I guess a "unique twist" but now what you knew was going to happen is confirmed, the youngest daughter kills the family then gets sucked into the movie reel which gets left in a box for the next family to find..One of the things that really 'scare me' about scary movies is when it is something that could happen to any one in any situation - I left this movie knowing no one had ever been murdered in my house, and with no fear of ever running across this random demon in my real life, I didn't take the movie with me, which is usually when the scariness factor of a movie really kicks in. Although the story itself was semi-unique in the overall premise, the elements within it were recycled and way too common, making it very predictable. Between this and the errors in continuity I could never really get drawn into it for more than a few minutes, and any sense of fear that existed from the film, stayed in the theater with it.
평점: 7	리뷰: I first of all did see trailers and they looked very convincing. So I went to see it with a couple of friends last night. Let me just say, you're in for something awesome. I came out really excited and actually terrified.The story is original and very clever. Yes, we have the stereotype family move into a new home and things go wrong, but hey that's not really a bad thing. As the story goes on, you get more and more hooked to it. You find out something new each time. The tension is built beautifully. It has a very slow and uncomfortable pace. People may think it could be boring, but trust me, it isn't at all. Its not full of in your face jumps all the time, like many horror films today. The jumps happen and they stay with you to make your flesh crawl. As the twists come up, its even better. All questions are answered in a great way. The story also focuses on how obsessive the main character gets. You get a feeling that he is changing each time, which is another great thing. The acting was very good. Everybody did a great job. Ethan Hawke especially.There isn't much CGI in this film (yippee!) but when it is used, its used appropriately and subtly. What also really worked was the soundtrack. Its not stereotypically high pitched or, you know, you're usual music you use. The composer uses tunes and base notes to make it very uncomfortable in a strange way. I even shuffled in my seat a couple of times and it generally scared me. This really works for the film. Well done Christopher Young, you did great. I'm a huge horror fan and it can take a lot to actually scare me. But this one actually scared me, which I was not expecting for these days standards.Horror fans, I really recommend this for you. Please go and see it. You're money will be well spent.
평점: 8	리뷰: The past few years have not shown anything worth being scared by. The found footage genres, though as clever as they can be, are running dry. Sinister, though, does something different with the found footage genre, as well as horror. This film is a straight forward ride into a disturbing and sadistic story of evil, with some clichéd and creative scares. Ethan Hawke is committed to his role 100 percent as the protagonist trying to find a story that will bring him fame once again. It is his lust for fame that proves to be his and his family's downfall. I truly believe this film will either scare you or indent it's gloomy/frightening imagery into your mind. Spectacular on visuals, creative on scares, and well acted by the leads, Sinister is a great way to start out the Halloween season.
평점: 8	리뷰: My boyfriend and I didn't really have any expectations when we decided to go see this movie. Even with no expectations, we were quite disappointed. It was incredibly predictable and within the first 15 minutes of the movie, we had the whole plot figured out between the two of us. Because of the trailer, we already knew a lot of what was going to happen. There were a few twists, but they just didn't have that shock factor.Let's talk background quality. The lighting in the movie was AWFUL. We could hardly see the set and even during the day everything was dark. In the 'nighttime' scenes, the windows were so lit up that we could never tell if it was day or night. The background music was pretty creepy, but we couldn't tell if some of the noises were background music or if they were noises in the house.The scare tactics in the movie were pretty weak. The music stops right before something scary is supposed to happen, so that the loud noises will make you jump. The makeup on the dead children was totally out of context for the movie. And we couldn't understand how the rest of the family never heard him shouting or falling. The best scare was the lawn mower scene, as it was quite intense.The plot 'twists' were pretty predictable. The audience is led to originally think that one of the children is the victim, but then it turns out to be the other child. The connection between the houses and the families moving was predictable, but a good twist nonetheless. The children being the murderers, however, was inevitable, and we saw it coming as soon as we heard about the missing children.This movie was dragged out much longer than it should have been, but it didn't end happily as many scary movies do (as of recent years) so props for that. The last attempt at a jumpy scare was pathetic. The acting wasn't too bad. Not the best movie, but not the worst.
평점: 9	리뷰: Saw Sinister on it's release day, after some reviews that indicated it might be worthy of a theater visit instead of DVD, and I'm glad I did. It is one of the better horror movies I've seen in sometime. It has a very effective storyline, with some incredibly creepy and disturbing scenes. It has those moments where you squint your eyes and pull back a little, and some where you flat out jump. Ethan Hawke is great, and so is James Ransome as Deputy So and So. There are some predictable moments (as there are with most all horror movies) but this one has a good story and excellent direction that keeps it from falling into the "OK,yawn" or let's jerk the camera around our shoot so dark that no one knows whats going on category that seems to have permeated the genre of late. You can follow the story, see where it's going, and know how it's going to end, but it doesn't lessen the impact of the movie. This one is worth a visit to your local cinema.
평점: 6	리뷰: Sinister is a story right out of a Supernatural episode! Except Sam and Dean would have the evil force salted and burned! Sinister has the Supernatural storyline of experts on evil, patterns, and ghosts. The movie mixes creepy dark 8 mm film footage in with the movie, which was influenced from the movie 8 mm. The dark walking into crime scene reminds the viewer of the movie Manhunter! Sinister is an excellent mix of the three mention movies/T V show which ends in a memorable ending. The movie has a feel of an evil presents which is in relentless pursuit of victims. Sinister is a different type of movie for Ethan Hawke. I give Sinister an eight out of ten.
평점: 2	리뷰: The horror genre more than probably any genre has been abused by cash-ins, remakes and flat out inexcusably low quality production. It's Halloween season which means that the genre is firing on all cylinders to deliver its biggest cash grabs yet with what are usually considered the year's biggest horror movies. This year is no different as we have our big horror sequel of the year Paranormal Activity 4 and Silent Hill Revelation which is a follow-up to 2006′s video game adaption.Sinister appears to be a movie that hearkens itself more to the idea of the first Saw or Insidious in the sense that it is trying to make something low key and more creative than a studio horror movie. Does Sinister provide any unique scares or is this yet another cash grab for studios trying to cater to the Halloween season?Read Full Review: wp.me/p1tyJd-iD
평점: 1	리뷰: Overall I thought this movie was good. The first 2 thirds of the movie are terrifying and Ethan Hawke does a great job as the lead character but its what happens at the end of the movie which discounts the positives this movie possesses.I was so so disappointed by the ending that when I got home from the cinema I had a great sleep - if the ending was dealt with better I would have been wide awake all night with my arse cheeks twitching constantly with fear. I would recommend you watch this movie purely for the frights, the storyline and Ethan Hawke's performance. To conclude, movies like this should never answer the questions they propose to the audience if they're going to give terrible answers. It would have been a better movie had they just let the audience decide for themselves what was happening and why.
평점: 7	리뷰: this one scared the crap out of me i mean literally i just saw it about one hour ago and i cant get the images out of my head. Bagoul is a very creepy demon who is the eater of children, now that is not in your everyday horror movie. plus the demented ending combining everything together is amazing. this movie totally lived up to the hype and I'm glad to have seen such an original and scary movie. the premise of the movie is another thing that will get to you, first you think that it is Bagoul killing everybody but then you get a big twist and WooW it was the kids all along. OK well see this movie if you are a very hardcore fan of horror movies but don't see it if you are frightened easily.
평점: 9	리뷰: I went to see this in a limb, for some Saturday entertainment, true- I didn't have high expectations but I didn't have low ones either as I am an avid horror fan. The film itself was stereotypical unintelligent haphazard film making. To simplify I'll list some things I liked about it and the things I didn't:LIKED: -The murder clips, albeit a redundant plot device, were stylistically malevolent and interesting. -Funny relief moments were entertaining. -Basically entertaining. DISLIKED: -Acting was generally awful. Ethan Hawke is in no way talented. -Overplayed horror devices; Pseudo-religious demon, possession, creepy children, demonic antagonist, and JUMP SCARES!!!-Unimaginative and predictable, (I read some peoples reviews claiming it's original or intelligent; it's so unoriginal and lacklustre I'm frightened for for those reviewer's mental health) -I know I'm reiterating previous points, but this was very unoriginal; A family moves into a house of a former murder and are plagued by ghosts etc.etc. etc., almost crackpot overly creative father whose nagging wife (-Another point: the wife; WTF was up with her?!?!) retards protagonists/male partners curiosity, the children are menacing/ at risk and are meant to have personality or "sass" to evoke sympathy but come across wrought and one dimensional, exterior knowledgeable characters who are also comic reliefs, (SPOILER) everyone dies/disappears at the end- allowing the antagonist to continue and molest another family ($$$ SEQUEL $$$), extensive investigation allowing audience to "discover the story" along with protagonist (Side note- its seems contrary that the horror industry ~and this movie's~ terror devices stem from dramatic irony- the audience knows that the boogeyman's behind the hero, but the hero doesn't- though their plots all revolve around an ersatz mystery where the protagonists discover the ominous along with the audience, which directly paradoxes the tension and terror created by the plot, this is probably the result of the late 1990s mystery and "intelligent" horror movies that tried to appear smart by having an intricate back story, and although I'm just a modest cinema goer and not a big shot Hollywood directer it would seem more resilient if the characters were in a n almost familiar situation amplified not by supernatural means but my logical reasons to a dramatic degree)and the stupid final scare before the credits. The film was also extremely reminiscent of David Fincher's Girl with the Dragon Tattoo- male discredited writer seeking former glory (ETHAN HAWKE'S OUTFIT AND MANNERISMS WERE ALMOST EXACTLY LIKE DANIAL CRAIG'S) and even the cinematography and THE SCORE was like GwtDT's but cheaply bastardised for the lowest common denomination (seriously, watch that film I'm not even being paranoid).-Awful lighting. Even for a horror movie. -The English wife. Why .... what... I don't even know ... The children were clearly American so if she were to take them home to her sister's it had to be in America so was her sister English and if so why were they both in America? And if so why did she still have that clunky English accent (that sounded appalling with the Americanized dialogue) you'd think that the producers would at least ask her to fake an American accent but no, they thought it would be fine that she sounds English or some kind of Australian. (That point actually annoys me more than it should) -Final plot twist was lazy, stupid, and really abrupt. Almost like the (and I loosely use the term) writers couldn't be bothered to finish the story. -Passable dialogue. -Unscary. -Uneven pace with poor payoff. -A man who let's his daughter draw all over the walls like a crude caveman is doomed anyway. Maybe if he'd been more strict with her she'd never have been possessed or persuaded or what ever the hell made that b*tch hack her family up. To conclude: it was poor. But it's not implausible to me that people should like it; as a casual movie goer its easy to like and perhaps it's just because a deeply cynical human being that I dislike it and can see so numerous and blatant flaws. So, if other recent mainstream horrors like Insidious and Paranormal Activity entertain you, this film will terrify, excite, amuse and provoke you, or, if you're a world-wearied long time horror fan whose become so desensitised to modern cinematic conventions like me, you'll be rolling your eyes, muttering under your breath and massaging your forehead at the state of modern cinema.
평점: 4	리뷰: this film had a lot of hype and I'm a huge horror fan. i thought the paranormal activity movies were okay but now they keep dragging the franchise on and on and i bet number 4 will be dreadful. Insidious i thought was a lot scarier then the paranormal activities and a much better film but it was still the same e thing, jump scares! this i think is cheap horror. so going onto sinister yes this film does have some paranormal activity characteristics and jump scares but this film is also mentally disturbing and unnerving. the film raised the bar for horror films and i don't remember a film being this disturbing. yes it has jump scares but they are a hell of a lot scarier than the jump scares you get in any 21st century horror film. what i most liked about the film is it had elements of old horror where you don't get to actually see the killings and it is left to your imagination. its not quite unique but it is disturbing and very clever. if you are a horror movie fan go and see it please. it should not have been a 15 it should have been an 18 to be honest. the acting is also good in this film especially Hawk's performance. don't expect this to be another paranormal activity because it isn't. its much scarier and gets into your mind much more.i will rate this film 8/10 because the story builds(although quite slow) and it was more disturbing than jumpy which i very much liked. it scared me a lot this film.
평점: 1	리뷰: Its about time a good scary lore-type movie hit the cinema's. I knew as soon as I saw the trailer and a few reviews that this is a movie that I will pay to go see in a movie theatre. I am glad that I did.This is a very VERY dark film. It will give you nightmares. It will rattle your bones and shake your sanity in a way that hasn't happened since the Blair Witch Project. The movie starts out sinister, and the darkness slowly creeps up on you throughout the entirety of the film. It is filled with some shocks, some scenes that you cant even imagine, and it builds a plausible lore type story around it.The direction is superb, the acting above par for a horror film and I can only say that this one will undoubtedly become a classic. I wont divulge any spoilers for you, you will just have to witness the horror for yourself. Enjoy, but be warned- do not bring your kids!
평점: 9	리뷰: *FULL PLOT REVEALED, MAJOR SPOILERS*When I saw the "From the producers of Insidious and Paranormal Activity" in the commercials I knew I had to see this movie. First off, let me say that the music was amazing in this movie. There were also a lot of jump scares, but I feel that some of these scares were ruined for 2 reasons. 1) Commercials: There were some scenes that I saw in the commercials that I identified immediately when they appeared in the movie. 2) Predictable: Almost every jump scare that occurred in this movie was preceded by silence, so you knew that when every thing got quiet there was going to be one. The only jump scare that caught me off guard was the one with the girl that appears right next to the main character, and when that scene happened I literally jumped 20 feet into the air! Regardless, a majority of the jump scares still scared the crap out of me. One of the things that surprised me in this movie was how fast the story started, for instance, the first scene in this movie is the family that had lived there being hung! The storyline is pretty much this: Family (which consists of a dad, mom, pre-teen son, and younger daughter) moves into new house where murders took place. The dad, who is a true crime writer, discovers a box of old films and a projector in the attic, and each film is marked by a cute, fun name that looks completely innocent at a glance, for example, "Hanging out", and "BBQ". Dad starts watching family films, and each video starts out with a few scenes of the family having fun and chilling out, but then the video flips over to a scene where the entire family, with the exception of one kid from each family, is murdered. There are five videos in all, which means five different families and five different types of murders. Tears come to dad's eyes after watching each film, but he keeps his calm for the first four films, although he completely loses it after watching the last film, which is a family getting their faces run over by a lawnmower. One thing the dad does notice is that a creepy figure appears in each film, later referred to as the "Boogie Man", in addition to some sort of cult symbol also appearing in a few of the films. After the dad watches the films, creepy things start happening, such as appearance of the "missing kids" and his pre-teen son having "night terrors". The dad gets help from a friendly police officer, and a professor that studies cult symbols and appearances, but in the end it all becomes too much for the dad and the family moves back into their old house. The dad is then contacted by the cult professor and pretty much told that leaving the house and burning the films doesn't help at all, and that the dad and his family are pretty much f*cked. The daughter turns out to be possessed, and soon to be the "missing child", and kills the entire family, and in the end, falls into the care of the "Boogie Man".Overall I found the movie very creative and definitely worth seeing. It may not have been as scary as Insidious, in my opinion, but it will still leave you shaking as you walk out of the theater!
평점: 10	리뷰: Spoiler Alert!!*I gave this movie an 8 because I did enjoy it especially the first half to three/quarters. It is quite creepy and I could believe that Ethan Hawke's character had a good reason for not turning over the snuff films he found over to police immediately. I really liked the lack of supernatural activity until later in the film...it would have been perfect had the ghosts waited until the very end perhaps. In particular the snake under the box scene was very effective. While it finally gave way to horror movie clichés the beginning was truly outstandingly creepy and the whole atmosphere of the movie was disturbing and I left the movie feeling quite unsettled. I didn't feel as though I would see a ghost or monster so much as wonder if my family would live through the night. I looked at my children in a different light (just for a second). With a different more mysterious slant on the supernatural or without it at all this could have been a 10. Ethan Hawke deserves better roles. I also feel the young man who played Trevor has a good future in acting... See this film because, hey its Halloween ....
평점: 7	리뷰: It's a rarity when it comes to the marketing of horror films that the tidbits they toss to the masses can be both potent in their ability to allure crowds all while not spoiling the film's biggest scares. Sinister unleashed a truly terrifying promotional campaign that highlighted some of its more impactful frights, but kept enough under wraps to deliver 110 minutes of continuous tension and terror. In a number of ways, Sinister could be viewed as a companion piece to 2011's Insidious and not just in name. Both take an uncommonly smart and restrained approach to horror, derive their thrills from the presence of a chilling demonic presence and feature a father fighting for the protection of his children. However, in spite of the parallels that can be drawn, Sinister is its own beast and is easily stands as one of the best fright flicks of the year.What Sinister does best is maintain tension for extended sequences. Even when it's building its characters or unravelling the mystery, we're biting our nails because we know the tenseness is bound to return soon. The pagan deity known as Bagul, who serve's as this film's boogeyman, is only shown in fleeting instances, usually from afar on a blurry Super-8 film reel zoomed in upon, and rarely shown in crisp entirety. This makes the quiet moments – the before the storm scenes – all the more potent. To quickly shed a bit of light on the story, Sinister follows a true crime novelist with the unfortunate name of Ellison Oswalt (Ethan Hawke) who a decade prior had a massive hit on his hands, but has hit some bad luck since with his foray into fiction. Looking for his next big story, he moves his wife (Juliet Rylance) and his daughter and son to a home that happens to be the scene of a grisly murder of four and the disappearance of a fifth. Finding a box of film reels and a projector in the attic, Ellison sifts through the footage and begins to uncover a shocking history of gruesome violence.Ellison is an interesting character due to his flawed nature and instances of unlikeability, which then ultimately blend well with the scenes depicting him as a good man at heart and a caring father. Ellison becomes so obsessed with regaining his mantle, "creating a legacy" as he puts it, that he often forgets his legacy is his children. It's a somewhat chancy decision in a horror film when you already have to deal with obstacles such as characters behaving idiotically. Ellison's dual nature also gives the typical "nagging wife" archetype a justifiable reason to bitch and Rylance's Tracey does so in a way that makes us root for her, for him, both or them and them as a collective family.When it comes to idiocy in horror films, Sinister as does an admirable job of avoiding, if not masking, the tendency. As more and more is revealed about Bagul and his motives (and as troubling as it all may be), there is no apparent threat. Simply the odd bump in the night and the conclusions of a drunken author submersing himself so thoroughly into his disturbing work that he begins to doubt the conclusions he's drawing. It is in this area, Sinister sidesteps the "door paradox." There is really no overpowering reason they should immediately leave. One thing that did stick in my craw, however, was Ellison's propensity to wander around the home without thinking to switch on a light (and he stalks around the house far too much – it becomes a tad repetitive despite the tense execution). In one such instance there was a power outage but in the other cases it's rather maddening and an obvious attempt to retain the gloomy aesthetic of the scene. Additionally, I would strongly suggest to Tracey that she visit a sleep doctor because her patterns are wild at best. At one instance she awakes at the sound of her husband opening the door to investigate a noise and at another he tumbles from the attic hatch and we don't see a glimpse of her. It wouldn't have taken much to have her appear at the other occasions, especially considering her arrival wouldn't have impacted any scares or tension.That being said, Sinister is uniformly: a) well directed by Scott Derrickson b) acted (by Hawke in particular though the child actors are underused) and c) deeply unsettling as a whole. Upon leaving the theater there was a decidedly large lump in my stomach. The creature design of Bagul is outstanding and when we linger on the demon's face (such as a scene where Ellison walks up to the projector screen and inquisitively strokes the image) it's terrifying even when all real world logic says it shouldn't be. Capping everything off is the score by Christopher Young, which has become my favorite of the year. Young, who unsurprisingly upon further investigation also worked on Drag Me to Hell, offers up a collection of cacophonous clangs, crashes and off-key instrumental strokes that compliments the material perfectly. Concluding everything with a perfect ending that doesn't betray the fictional logic and lore the film creates and utilizing found footage as, well, actual found footage, Sinister is primed to rob you of sleep and stands to this day the only horror film to make me involuntarily shut my eyes. That is worth kudos in of itself.
평점: 8	리뷰: I was not expecting this film to be as disturbing as I thought! The opening sets the atmosphere but at the same time you have no idea where the plot is going, but that's what I love about it! Unlike all the other horrors I've seen, the beginning doesn't drag on and you're not 45 minutes in until something major happens. You get to know the characters well and twenty minutes you will be shaking in your seat. The music got to me the most, sitting in the cinema with dark scary music being so loud the film is intense, I must admit I wanted to leave half way through the film. You don't know where the plot is going or how the characters are going to end up, the ending fits in perfectly but unexpectedly too! I will be buying this on DVD and keeping it for Halloween only, it's one of those films you watch for the thrill.
평점: 8	리뷰: 'Sinister' is advertised as being one of the scariest films of 2012 and it probably is, but nothing more.The acting is poor but this is due to the bad dialogue in the script. The conversations have all occurred before in countless other films, discussions can seem false and wooden throughout the whole film. Ethan Hawke does try his best to give a decent performance but it fails due to the poor script.The storyline is a bit unique; there have not been many supernatural horror movies in the past twenty years but 2012 has seen quite a few so far. The plot is scary and quite disturbing at some points, I was surprised because it's rated as a 15, personally, I think it should have been an 18. However, the plot does work it's just the dialogue that lets it down. Overall, the film will frighten most people; there are lots of jumpy scenes and quite a few creepy ones too. The films' only let down was its boring dialogue which made this film a lot worse than it should be and far more forgettable.
평점: 7	리뷰: I'm not usually one to write reviews, but after the ridiculous amount of "Best! Horror! Movie! EVAR!!" reviews, I couldn't help it. I'll start with something good (Kinda like the "Oreo" method). I thought the acting was good. The family had good chemistry and Ethan Hawke did a great job conveying his horror as he delved deeper into the murders. Also, the "found footage" murder films were VERY creepy and well done.That said, I can't really come up with anything else good to say about this movie. In my opinion, a good horror movie has either A.) A sufficiently scary monster/ghost/demon, B.) A premise that effects a majority of people (The Strangers) or C.) A combination of both. 'Sinister' has none of this. If you aren't a family with 2 kids who also happen to live in a house where the previous family was murdered, you're safe! That's a pretty small demographic. Also, there's the completely convoluted pattern. Sooo, he gets mad when you move? It's also a bit of "the chicken and the egg". How did the first murder happen? The Pagan Deity this movie centers around was pretty damn creepy in the blurred images we were shown at first. Unfortunately, the director decided "MOAR IZ BETTURR!!" and, just like that, we're supposed to accept that a member of Slipknot has turned to a life of eating children's souls. Add that to the endless cheap jump scares (The boy's night terrors served no other purpose than to provide two cheap, easy scares), an erratic sound track and "BOOM!" sound effects and this movie was a complete let down. I can only assume that the "zOMFG!! The kids did it!!!" was supposed to be what would "f*ck a lot of people up" about this movie. I ramble a bit so I hope this was at least slightly cohesive. In short, give 'Sinister' a pass.
평점: 5	리뷰: I usually don't write reviews but stick to reading all of them before watching a movie. I did the same for Sinister, and a 7.3 for me is good stuff. So I went to watch it yesterday and I realized it was my biggest mistake. I am usually not scared of horror movies but enjoy this stuff. There was not one scene that actually made me uncomfortable. Yes, if you would consider random outbursts of screen popping with a monster and heavy sounds as scary, you are a baby. The story wasn't special and Ethan Hawke's performance was amateur to say the least. The entire audience was laughing at his exaggerated scared face. Who would use a base ball bat to fight a paranormal being? I tried hard to sit through it, hoping something nice would pop up, but it was all in vain. I actually thought this would be better than Paranormal Activity 4 who's got just 4.4 and is not even released yet. But I'll honestly say I enjoyed the Paranormal series much more. At least they had instances that made me excited. Sinister is a waste of time and money and more of a comedy than a HORROR. It was easily the worst movie decision of my life. Go watch UP!
평점: 8	리뷰: See this in the movie theater. That's the first statement I'd like to make in this review. The film is very dark, very suspenseful, and frightens you when it intends to. Most horror films nowadays sadly make the audience laugh in mockery when it tries to spook them (Paranormal Activity Sequels). Yet, this film made the audience jump and scream at its demand.I will not spoil the movie for you, but it's story is very different, yet interesting for a horror film. I thoroughly enjoyed the story as it progressed and built up to the climax. The one flaw I found in the film was that I figured out the key revelation before it was given at the end of the film. Again, I won't tell you what the surprise was, but I think most audience members figured it out since we were all sucked into the film when it began.So, in conclusion: 1. See this in theaters during the Halloween season, because packed audience has the potential to make it more frightening. I had the pleasure of watching this movie with a good crowd (the kind that didn't talk or make jokes during suspenseful moments)2. Scares you with story-telling and acting, as opposed to seeing gore and blood.3. Good luck going into your attic after watching "Sinister". Especially if it's your typical, empty, dusty, dark room of the house.
평점: 8	리뷰: Ever since the very first trailer came out I thought, "now this looks good!" However, some quite poor reviews came in so my dreams were shattered slightly. But then suddenly some rave reviews came out, even from my favourite critic, Chris Tookey who gave it 5 stars! My faith was suddenly re-installed and I was incredibly excited to see it. It didn't disappoint!With "The Cabin in the Woods" and now "Sinister", 2012 is restoring my faith in modern horror. It's a truly outstanding film that had me gripped for its entire 115 minutes. The film doesn't dawdle about too much either, it opens with a highly unsettling clip of found footage and then we get a beautiful swooping shot of a man and his family moving in to a new house. It's a standard set-up that we've even seen a few months ago in the surprisingly fun horror, "The Possession" but it's a clever one because we're mostly focused on our hero and in a sense that is what the film is about. His obsession with himself and trying to be re-ignite his fame after writing a highly successful debut true crime novel, followed by several duds.I was quite surprised as to how much exposition was given to the main character and it only makes the film even more compelling than it is. He's also played brilliantly by Ethan Hawke, who makes up for the lack of acting skills his wife possesses. It reminded me a little of "The Shining" with the egotistical novelist stumbling upon a certain ghostly history, and it certainly contains the same amount of creepy moments. Ethan stumbles upon the super 8 films quite quickly which I was surprised and pleased about, as all too often there's a belated exposition before anything remotely frightening happens.These super 8 films are masterpieces in themselves. It's a sort of car crash effect, as you don't really want to see them, but you can't stop watching. They're all incredibly creepy, unsettling and sinister (like what I did there?) They are also set-up perfectly with the horrible grainy picture, silence as well as highly unsettling music that all adds to the creepiness. All of them are engaging and compelling to watch. They're also very chilling and are sure to engrave themselves into your mind for a long time after the film has finished.From then on it's an intriguing and creepy mystery as more and more disturbing information is uncovered. It's also clever how it's unclear if some of what Ethan's seeing is actually real or not. Is he really hearing noises or is it just the whisky talking? I liked the whole family element as well, showing the protagonist as not just some perfect hero, but also as a flawed character. The whole strained relationship with his wife is a fantastic element on top of the central ghost story. Although the woman who plays her is incredibly wooden!There's a strong, unsettling atmosphere that underlies through the whole film. The demon man is also quite frightening and not too much is explained about him which certainly adds to scare factor. I've heard people call this a boring film and a bad film, but it's none of these things. It's a genuinely horrifying horror film with fantastic writing and directing. It's the type of film that gets under your skin and leaves its print in your mind for a long time after the credits have rolled. The ending is one of the most disturbing things I've ever seen in a horror film and I've seen many!"Sinister" is a ghost story of Japanese proportions. By the end, I was actually terrified and had chills all down my back, which is something that doesn't happen too often. I never get scared watching films, but after this and seeing "Noroi: The Curse" which also frightened me, I was starting to think that I was becoming soft! But then I thought no. These are just brilliantly scary films that are high on atmosphere and don't solely rely on jump scares like too many American ghost films. "Sinister" is one of the best horror films this year. It has a relentless sense of dread throughout and is also incredibly effective and compelling. I can't wait to see it again, and also can't urge you enough to go and see it for yourself! Although, I'd recommend a night light for when you sleep.Please read my weird and wonderful horror movie review blog! www.asdaman.wordpress.com
평점: 6	리뷰: i went to watch sinister in the cinema, and for a teenager who gets a thrill from being sh!t scared, sinister was disappointing. If i can become scared watching a horror movie in the daytime, then why couldn't sinister deliver that experience within a pitch black theatre? i believe that it has a interesting plot but it failed to deliver the scary thrills that other horror movies can deliver such as insidious and paranormal activity, but then again what do you expect from a movie that has an age rating of 15, this was foreseeable.even though it was bad at the horror parts, it had a good gripping storyline and for that I'm gonna give it a 4/10. But if your looking for a good horror movie to watch, then this movie wouldn't be a best choice.
평점: 5	리뷰: Either all of those years of "screamers" made me immune to this type of horror movie, or it was just plain HORRIBLE! I am positive it is the latter, considering the scares in this movie were horribly predictable and cliché. There is a scene where he has a picture in his hand with the boogie, and the photoshop is disgustingly visible. I predicted about 80% of this movie while I was watching it, and there was only one time when I didn't know he was going to pop out. However, because he is in a nether-realm, even when he shows up it isn't scary.The plot was boring, it was only rated R because it showed kids doing obscene things, that you cannot even see. Bottom line is, you are better off trying to get scared off of a youtube screamer, instead of wasting money on a complete disgrace to the Horror genre. This movie might as well be called "Horror", considering how cliché and boring it was.
평점: 7	리뷰: Sinister is the horror film of the year, perhaps the decade. It redefines the horror genre. This film merges edge-of-your-seat suspense and an intelligent script to provide a masterpiece of the macabre. Ethan Hawke shines as the true-crime novelist looking for his next NY Times Bestseller. The story eerily unfolds and before you know it, you're reeled into a world you can't escape from. What ensues is a plunge into the deepest, darkest depths of hell. The angst of each of the characters is palpable; the sheer horror to follow will have you digging your nails into your seat.The eponymous title aptly describes the essence of this chilling tale...
평점: 8	리뷰: Sinister is very well made horror film. It is the only scary horror film I've seen for a very long time. It's never too cliché as most horror movies are. It never cheats you. The performances are believable and the story is intriguing and always moving. The director has control over his audience, and the audience is completely okay with that. I knew early into the film what kind of horror film it was and I how it would scare me. And that what was one of things it had going for it. You can anticipate the scares and that makes it much more frightening. Do not confuse anticipation with predictability. The movie wasn't too gruesome, which left more room for actual fear. All in all, it is a very good film, So good, it's almost... Sinister...
평점: 7	리뷰: One thing I can guarantee you as a movie goer, this film will not bore you. I was expecting to sh*t a brick or two while watching this movie kinda like I did with Insidious.However, No bricks were shat.The movie kinda hits you over the head with the fact Ethan Hawke's character has not written a successful novel in awhile. In fact, I believe 5 people on screen within 10 minutes make some remark along the lines of "hey so are you gonna finally write a good book this time" Once you get past that though the story is fast paced fun from there on out. If you have seen the trailers for this movie then congrats...you have just viewed about 90% of this movies scariest scenes. This movie could have been one of the scariest films known to man if it really wanted too with crazy pop outs of Bagul and all that but for the most part they play it pretty casual and I respected that part. The problem is the couple of times I did jump in this movie were all from just loud sounds and not from anything in the plot. The movie wants to be scary but to horror fans you really aren't going to get much more then some Paranormal activity type scares here. The reason I do give this movie a 7/10 still despite it not being that scary is because it was entertaining. It does not take 50 minutes to set up the story and build up character development. This is a fast paced cant wait to see what is next film. Where it falls short is how it is handled. Etahn Hawke investigating who Bagul is and the links of the murders is what made this movie entertaining. This film would have been talked about for years if it had been focused on Hawke being more of a detective and the back story of who/what Bagul is and who the murdered family's were and all that good stuff. Instead we get mild at best scares,loud noises and stupid children running around the house attempting to be scary all while a very entertaining investigation is being thrown on the back burner.Sinister is more thrilling then it is scary. It is a fun film but for people familiar with the whole "show creepy thing but don't show too much of it because its super scary to leave stuff to peoples imagination" genre, I highly doubt you will walk away from this film genuinely scared.
평점: 7	리뷰: I saw this last night at the theatre. It's the scariest, most tense horror film I have seen on the big screen since I saw Candyman 20 years ago and it's probably the scariest film I have seen since I saw The Ring, on DVD, about 10 years ago.Sinister's clever use of sound and its creepy music score, a-la Candyman, is its biggest asset. I say an Oscar is deserved for Christopher Young who has outdone himself with sublime arrangements which bring depth and real terror alongside the visuals.By instilling fear from the outset and implying a dreadful fate to the protagonist (which the viewer is hoping can be avoided but ultimately knows is lurking at the end), Sinister takes its influence from The Ring and keeps the tension building throughout the movie. It becomes almost unbearable in places! Whilst it doesn't really avoid the standard horror clichés of the last decade, Sinister manages to retain just enough credibility to keep the fear simmering in the audience. The film is not without its flaws though. You might find yourself shaking your head on the odd occasion and the story, whilst decent and played out with good tempo, treads the fine line between supernatural and reality and, in my opinion, gets it slightly wrong but it's not really enough to spoil the result.My adrenaline levels, after watching this, kept me from sleeping for another 3 hours, so be warned. It's been a while since I heard grown men scream in the cinema ...
평점: 8	리뷰: I wanted to like Sinister more than I did. It definitely works better as murder mystery / thriller. It wasn't scary and the trailer spoiled most of the jump scares. The ending was anti-climatic and left me unsatisfied. My biggest gripe though, the lights. Ellison starts off with lights in his office. He tosses the Home Movies box On a table and slaps pictures up on a board. A handful of lights illuminating his office. From then on, as the film progresses and the creepiness too, he makes a conscious Choice never to turn a light on. I understand the purpose from an atmospheric stance, but it felt unrealistic and too purposeful. Throw a light on here or there. It would be more realistic and still provide pockets of blackness in the background for something creepy to pop out. Even though nothing ever does.
평점: 8	리뷰: Ethan Hawke stars as a true crime writer who moves with his family into the house where a grisly murder occurred a short while ago. He immediately discovers a box of home movies in his attic (which appear to have been placed there after the police investigation) which show the murder. And not only that one, but several other murders from years past which seem to be connected. As Hawke explores the movies further, strange things begin happening in the house. This is most certainly a scary movie. I was honestly in constant terror all through it. Yet, I have to admit, I didn't really love it. I had a lot of problems. The whole situation is freaky, so why does the director (who previously made the awful Exorcism of Emily Rose) feel the need to scream at us to get us to jump? One also has to question Hawke's actions through much of the film. An antagonism with the local police is set up in the first sequence, but it never makes any real sense. Hawke never seems to be the kind of guy who would obstruct justice for his book, and, really, even if he did give new information to the police (and he absolutely would have called them immediately when he discovered what was in the box), how would that effect his book adversely? Not that it really matters, because the horror is revealed to be supernatural anyway, but it just seems like a pointless obstruction to set up. So, in short, effective, but I'm not exactly happy HOW it is effective.
평점: 9	리뷰: Sinister reviewIt's almost Halloween. I know this not because I looked at a calendar this morning, but because I checked the showings at my local cinema. Frankenweenie, Paranorman, Paranormal activity 4 and my choice for Saturday night, Sinister. From director Scott Derrickson, his first after 4 years since the poor 'The Day the Earth Stood Still' remake, he has a lot to prove with his latest foray into the horror genre.And from the film's opening shot, super 8 footage of a family of 4 being hanged from a tree in their backyard, Sinister begins as grimly as it means to go on. Focusing on true crime writer Ellison Oswalt (Ethan Hawke) and his family. Things begin innocuously enough, he moves into his new home in a new town so he can attempt to write his next big hit, as well as solve mystery of a missing girl Stephanie, the 5th member of the family we see in the film's opening. It seems that Ellison likes to move as close as possible to crime scenes, as in his garden is the tree used to hang the family we saw in the opening shot. From here, Sinister throws everything from bumps in the night, malevolent spirits and some very grisly violence at its audience in its almost desperate attempt to generate scares.And the thing is it does. If based solely on the originality of its content, Sinister could and should be thrown of the scrap heap with most of the horror offerings from the past 10 years. Predictable doesn't begin to describe it. False scares, people tripping, strange figures that lurk so obviously in photos that it's a wonder they've never been noticed . But for its lack on original ideas, Derrickson does a good job of pacing his film efficiently, giving enough family themed lowdown to balance out the blood chilling scares. After finding a box of 'home movies' in the otherwise empty attic of this new home (where else would they be?) they reveal the horrific murders of other families, with each family having one survivor, the youngest child, who promptly goes missing. The plot development happens almost exclusively in these tapes as Ellison watches and re watches them, hunting for clues. Without wanting to spoil proceeding too much, the evidence that Ellison gathers takes the film in a different direction than previously implied, and this change hurts the film dramatically. It becomes less psychological and threatening, but the trade-off is an increase in scares, both quality and quantity. These scares do little to get inside your head and creep you out, but capitalise of the tension that Derrickson builds up so well with decent camera work and pulse pounding music. The second half of sinister features a plethora of scary faces, screaming heads and creepy, half decayed children lurking in the shadows. It's a real waste that some of the jumps are telegraphed to the point where you can see events 2 minutes before they happen. Yes, the attic isn't the best place to go at 3am in the morning, ever. It's this stupidity from the characters that lowers the quality of sinister yet another degree. Why creep round a darkened house with a torch when it's sunny outside and you could just open the curtains? If the attic steps suddenly descend from the ceiling, don't go up there. And if the masked serial killer committed all of the murders in the tapes left in your attic appears in your garden; don't exit your house to 'investigate'. These aren't crimes that are exclusive to Sinister, if characters were smart in horror films the genre would probably die, but here it sure as hell damaged my enjoyment of the film. It has a myriad of flaws, its predictable, cheap and wont haunt your dreams like it should, but sinister almost effortlessly generates the scares that horror junkies so badly crave. It's nothing that you probably haven't seen before, but sinister is worth its weight in screams. 5
평점: 7	리뷰: I will keep this short and sweet. The main things that did it for me. I have never jumped or have been as startled in a movie as this one. It is not a pure "jump out at you movie" there is a build-up, there is tension. Lots of tension.I typically do not go to a theater to see horror movies as most are not worthy. This movie is worthy. You will get your moneys worth, make sure to see it in a theater though.Again, scariest movie i have seen in at least 10 years. Excellent acting and story, it follows through to the end (loved the ending). I will say this too, I have never heard a female audience member scream as loud as I heard last night at one point. It was epic.
평점: 7	리뷰: Sinister (2012) *** 1/2 (out of 4) True-crime writer Ellison Oswalt (Ethan Hawke) moves his wife and two young children into a home where four people were murdered years earlier. A young girl also went missing so the writer digs in to try and solve the case but before long he finds some 8mm footage that shows other horrendous death scenes. SINISTER certainly lives up to its title as this here is one of the most disturbing horror films to come across in a very long time. I think what makes the film work so well is that it doesn't fall into many horror trappings, which is either a bunch of loud noises to try and scare you or going for a gory, exploitation style filmmaking. SINSITER does the opposite as it really tells a wonderful mystery story and just slowly builds up all the evil and this leads to an incredibly chilling finale. The mystery of the 8mm footage is something that is so perfectly written that you can't help get caught up in everything going on and you're completely glued to the film trying to find the next clue so that the killings can be solved. The screenplay also makes a right decision in letting us really get to know the writing, his personal problems and the issues that he's having with the family. The more you can connect with this writer and his family the more you begin to care for them and want to see them survive this entire ordeal. Director Scott Derrickson really does a remarkable job at slowly building up the tension but he also manages to make for a very dark and sinister atmosphere. The 8mm footage is beautifully shot and it's quit haunting as is the sound of the projector each time it comes on. I'm not going to ruin the ending but kudos to him for having the guts to end it the way he did. Hawke turns in an incredibly strong performance as you believe every aspect of what his character is going through. It helps to have such a strong actor and especially as the film moves along and the tension starts to wear on the character. Juliet Rylance is good as the wife and we get strong support from James Ransone and Fred Dalton Thompson. The film doesn't resort to gory violence or cheap scares but instead it really builds up a feeling of true evilness and by the end of the picture you're really going to be wrap up in the terror going on and everything that's about to happen to conclude the picture.
평점: 7	리뷰: You know, every once in a while there comes a film that startles audiences in ways you can't even imagine. This is not that film. Sinister is a mediocre horror film that disappointed me. My girlfriend and I had been waiting to see this movie since we saw the trailer at around July. We were really pumped. We went to see it Friday during the first showing, and needless to say we were disappointed. Ethan Hawke plays a writer whose only famous writing is a book titled "Kentucky Blood". He moves to a rural town where he decides to write his next book based on the murders that occurred in that area. Well guess what? The house that he bought is where the murders occurred! Acting wise I think Ethan Hawke did an OK job. One of the things that bugged me is that every time that him and his wife would get into a yelling match, he would YELL and then whisper.... Every scene. This is not what broke the movie for me. What did that is what every other horror film has done in the past 20 years: It doesn't scare. There was one moment where I jumped because he yelled like a girl and it was completely unintentional hilarity. Horror films nowadays try to scare by shock value. The key to a good horror film is to want th main characters to persevere and live another day! I did not like this family so I did not care what happened to them. The "jumpy" moments are very predictable, and you know what's going to happen. Now I will say this: I did very much enjoy the ending to this movie as it does not end the same way as other "scary" movies. I won't give it away but it's interesting... Sinister is an average scary movie that doesn't work as well as I thought it would. Here's to the future and hoping that scary movies actually get it right for once. 6/10
평점: 6	리뷰: I am so sick of scary kids in movies. They are just not scary f one came at me I'd kick them in the throat. Despite a truckload of positive buzz I never jumped on the Sinister train completely the trailers and TV spots just didn't look very good. So I went into this with not low but mid level expectations and came out a little disappointed to be honest. Not to say there weren't things I liked about this film. There were a few decent scares and the home movies usually feeling forced come across quite genuine, amateur and disturbing. That aside honestly there's just not very much to recommend here. There is a good idea here and Bagul could have been a frightening character but that last twist just throws off the movie completely in my opinion and the worst thing is that you see it coming and your still hoping for something more. And thats basically the film a waiting game that rarely pays off and when it does it's decent enough if a little generic. The film stars Ethan Hawke slumming it as an author of true crime novels who moves into the house of a murdered family he's basing his next book off of. He discovers some old home movies in the attic featuring some of the old murders and creepy things start to happen. As the movie plods along unenthusiastically we learn about a Deity named Bagul who "eats" small children. I don't wanna spoil anything for those of you who are going to see it. You should relish every small twist because there's not many and don't look at any of the trailers, TV spots or poster because they show everything. When it finally culminates it's not very exciting and moves into even more forced generic territory coming off like a mediocre rip off of the Amityville Horror remake without Ryan Reynolds abs sadly. All in all it's a mixed bag and although it has some decent qualities it's nothing special. And it's all really just kind of stupid.
평점: 8	리뷰: Sinister is a solid spook tale involving a creepy deity and an author trying to piece together the mystery of slaughtered families and missing children. Ethan Hawke turns in a strong performance as the nearly has-been author who, while trying his hand at writing a non-fiction true crime book, discovers some telling and disturbing super 8 films involving shocking murders. The film is well paced and well made. The grainy films of the crimes committed are truly shocking and offer up the film's strongest, most disturbing moments. The perpetual atmosphere of dread is also effective as is Christopher Young's inventively freaky musical score. The good however does not hide Sinister's less successful aspects, chief among them the villains at the core of the story. The Mr. Boogie demon is simply too bland to be as scary as the film assumes he is and the brew of killer ghost children lack any sense of creepiness (the unimpressive make up on the child actors is partly to blame) Sadly this prevents what could have been a true fright fest from achieving great heights of terror. The producers were unable to recapture the clever and genuine scares of Insidious. It's worth look for affecionados of the genre.
평점: 5	리뷰: For someone who has watched many horror films, slasher movies etc, I have found that I go into these types of movies with the same expectancy: It's going to suck, but I'm gonna enjoy the few jump-scares, creepy audio, obvious natures of oncoming deaths, and terrible acting. I will enjoy this movie no matter how bad it is, and I will love to hate it.I walked into Sinister with no knowledge of it whatsoever. I didn't watch a preview, read any articles on it, nothing. I had no idea what it was about aside from what was on the poster. If you haven't seen the poster, it's basically a girl spreading a lot of blood on the wall behind her with a creepy, demonic face made from the blood. The tag-line is "Once you see him, nothing can save you." I thought it was going to be about some murderer/demon type antagonist who follows this poor girl and tries to kill her the whole movie and kills her friends, family, loved ones and so forth until she triumphs and rids the planet of the bad guy. Then the camera would pan down and you'd see the guy wink or twitch and cut to credits.Never have I been more wrong. Skip to the next paragraph due to possible spoilers. The movie opens up with what looks like a home made movie of four people getting hanged in a tree in slow motion. This lasts the entire opening credits and immediately raises my heart rate a bit. The movie uses this and other home movies to drive the plot and it's honestly very well done. After each movie I felt unsettled and disturbed. The way that it seemed so much like documentary and that it was a personal camera was just eerie. Almost as if it would be put on youtube. The movie follows Ellison (Ethan Hawke) as a true-crime novelist who has moved to the house that that hanging had occurred, and He doesn't reveal this information to his wife Tracy (newcomer Juliet Rylance) or his family. Strange events happen as Ellison finds a box full of those home movies showing different murders. As he watches each murder scenario, he tries to link them together and possibly benefit off of it, but it soon changes as Ellison tries to save his family from being murdered as well.The acting was great. Hawke and Rylance worked well together in the tense and serene moments of the movie. Dialogue didn't seem forced or cliché in comparison to other tense moments in horror films, and it flows well. I didn't find myself lost or wondering what was just said. Their children also did well and everyone meshed well together in this movie.I could see some jump scares coming from a mile away, but they were still done well. The idea of finding-footage horror is a bit overdone, but it was portrayed well in this movie. I found that the use of "old" technology such as a film projector was done well whilst being enveloped in iMacs and iPhones. The film felt modern and the setting was defined well.Audio. Audio is key to a horror film. Sinister has great audio in all of the right scenes to keep a low-grade set of tension simmering at almost all times. Even in the nice well-lit scenes, you are always expecting something bad or scary to happen. The music for the home movies was done quite well and had a good creepy vibe to each scenario, and every time the house was dark, the ambiance was great.I was annoyed at the fact that he never turned on any of his lights to any room in his house at any point whatsoever. This didn't take from the movie too much, but some scenes he could have just flipped a light switch up for reassurance. I guess this was a way to increase tension, and it worked. I also didn't like how little was explained about their son Trevor (Michael Hall D'Addario)'s Night Terrors. I had no idea what that even was, and it was just assumed that it was normal for him to be doing what he was doing. But that is just my lack of knowledge.Those home movies definitely stuck with me after leaving the theater. I have an over-active imagination, and driving home was tense and nerve-racking. The film did its job. It didn't scare me as much as it disturbed me, but it did leave me looking over my shoulder even while typing this review. I know it's just a movie, but this was a refreshing horror flick. It's good to get some fright out of me, whether it was the movie or my imagination, this helped.I absolutely recommend it.
평점: 4	리뷰: 'SINISTER': Three and a Half Stars (Out of Five) Supernatural horror film from writer/director Scott Derrickson and starring Ethan Hawke. The film has Hawke playing a true-crime novelist who moves his family in to a house where the previous family was murdered, except the youngest girl who went missing, in hopes he'll find material for another hit novel. Derrickson directed and co-wrote the film with C. Robert Cargill. He performed the same duties on other horror films like 'HELLRAISER: INFERNO' and 'THE EXORCISM OF EMILY ROSE' (which is one of my favorites). This film isn't quite as deep or thought provoking as 'THE EXORCISM OF EMILY ROSE' but it's a pretty effective and chilling horror film nonetheless.Hawke plays Ellison Oswalt, a true-crime novelist who had a hit book a decade earlier in which he also helped authorities solve a crime. The books he followed it with were not nearly as successful and now he's looking for another hit in the house where a family was murdered and the youngest girl went missing some months earlier. He doesn't tell his wife (Juliet Rylance) or son (Michael Hall D'Addario) and daughter (Clare Foley) what happened there. Upon moving boxes in to the attic he discovers a box left there with a projector and multiple reels of Super 8 footage inside. He discovers a recording of the family that lived there prior to them being hung from a tree on one reel and four other families being murdered on the other reels. As he investigates further in to each killing he finds they're all connected and much more as it starts to drive him mad.As far as being creepy and disturbing the movie really works. The music (by veteran composer Christopher Young) is very haunting and effective and there are several startling moments which are definitely satisfying if that's what you're looking for. Hawke dominates every scene and Derrickson's directing is stylish and fitting. Derrickson's screenplay is intriguing as well but once it gets to the supernatural elements of the story it starts to lose it's effect a little and becomes a little clichéd. I found the film much more effective and disturbing when it was just about murders that were probably arranged by some deranged lunatic rather than some form of a supernatural being. Once a film like this turns to fantasy it seems less creepy and disturbing (to me). A horror film is much scarier when it's something that could really happen. Still it has plenty of great scares and memorable scenes and it works for the most part. It is a grade A production made on a budget of just $3 million so it's an impressive achievement by any measure. Fans of horror films should more than be pleased.Watch our movie review show 'MOVIE TALK' at: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6qTKOxmDvq0
평점: 5	리뷰: Saw this with my mother. We both enjoyed it. I thought the performances were really good in the movie. Take the scene where Ethan and his wife are yelling at each other. Great deliveries! There's also a scene where Ethan is talking to the deputy and he keeps fidgeting while he's talking. Most performers would overact and it wouldn't come off as natural, but Ethan pulled it off like a pro!I never felt like the movie was scary, just having a creepy atmosphere. The film stock he watches are pretty messed up. Even the titles given to each of the film like BBQ and Pool Party only to see how that is depicted on how these people die is really messed up. Then it leads into this ghost which I honestly felt the movie would be more creepy without it. It's a scary looking thing, don't get me wrong. I would be creeped out by it too. It just wasn't needed. However, once you find out that it manipulates children, you will see where the film is going.There are two things that did bother me about this movie. I thought the creepy demon children were almost laughable. They just looked like make up on Halloween to me. I'm sure the kids enjoyed their transformation but it looked silly to me, especially the scene where they are dancing around Ethan during one part. The second thing was the ending. I predicted it but didn't think it would be so abrupt. It was just there and it was like the filmmakers had to get this film done quickly because they were running out of money. That's what I got.Sinister was good. I enjoyed it better than Insidious. Looking forward to what these guys bring out next year.
평점: 5	리뷰: I saw some trailers for this film and thought it looked interesting to try, and I saw positive reviews from critics, annoyed that I missed The Possession at the cinema (which also looked good) I wasn't going to miss this one, from director Scott Derrickson (The Exorcism of Emily Rose, The Day the Earth Stood Still). Basically the film opens as a Super 8 film seeing a family four with bags on their heads being hanged with rope nooses from a tree, and an unseen figure snaps the opposite trunk that is acting as a counter weight, sending them up and strangling them to death. Months later, struggling true-crime novel writer Ellison Oswalt (Ethan Hawke) has moved his family: wife Tracy (Juliet Rylance), young daughter Ashley (Clare Foley) and teenage son Trevor (Michael Hall D'Addario), who suffers night terrors, into this house where the murder occurred, he is hoping to write his next novel based on this horrific event, and the fact that a fifth member of the family went missing when it happened. While moving boxes into the attic Ellis comes across a box containing a projector and several reels of Super 8 film, each with innocent looking family home movie labels, and setting up the projector and a white sheet on the wall he decides to watch one the films. The film called Family Hanging Out '11 starts as just a normal innocent home movie with the family, but then he is shocked to see it change scene and show the murder of the family, being hanged (the film seen at the beginning) on screen. He watches the rest of the home movies one by one, and he is continually shocked by seeing other families murdered and their deaths caught on film, including Sleepy Time '98 seeing a family having their throats slit in bed, BBQ '79 seeing a family burned to death in arson in their car, Pool Party '66 seeing a family pulled into their pool to be drowned, and Lawn Work '86 seeing a family run over by a lawn mower. Ellis was originally going to report what he has found to the police, but he decides not to because he feels he could be on to both a winning book, and all the murders are surely connected, despite the distance of time the murders have occurred, and he keeps seeing a dark figure in each film that is most likely the killer. After seeing this dark figure the first time, after using his computer to edit and re-watch the footage, strange things start happening in the house, including noises coming from the attic, but he continues to investigate the films, and each one also contains a symbol painted in each murder scene, so he decides to get help from outsider sources for his research. A Deputy (James Ransone) helps him to find out where all of the murders caught on camera happened based on the years labelled, and he refers to college Professor Jonas (Vincent D'Onofrio) who has expertise on religion to decipher what the strange symbols mean, and he concludes that is to do with the Pagan deity named Bughuul who was known for eating children's souls, including killing a child and taking into a dark realm. One night Ellis hears the projector running in the attic, and investigating he sees five children watching one of the films, all of them are the missing children from the murders, and then Bughuul the demon appears and Ellis falls causing an injury to his ankle. He and Tracy have an argument that he is spending too much time trying to write his new novel and that the family could be in danger or moving into the house of a murder scene, but eventually he realises she is right and the situation is becoming too dangerous, so he burns the projector and films and gets the family packed and ready to move back. Having moved back into their old house Ellis is putting some boxes back, and he is shocked to see the projector and films intact in the box in the attic, but there is also a new film inside called Extended Endings, and when he watches it he sees all the murders again, but they follow with the missing child of the family coming on screen and revealing themselves as the murderers, before disappearing. After getting some more insight from Professor Jonas about the symbols and the Bughuul legend he is visited by the Deputy, who he has been ignoring calls from, he gives him the information that all the murdered families lives in the same house the last murder took place, meaning Ellis has put him and his family in danger as the pattern may continue. Feeling lightheaded Ellis made himself a cup of coffee, and he notices a strange liquid left in it, and he sees a note from his daughter before passing out, and when he wakes up he and his family are tied up and gagged together just like the families before them. Ashley walks in clutching the Super 8 film camera and an axe, she films as she murders her father, mother and brother, and paints the walls with images of unicorns, cats and dogs with their blood, and she watches the film back again where she also appears on screen, the other dead children appear but run away when Bugheel appears and takes Ashley into the film projection, and the last moment sees the box with the projector and films containing a film called House Painting '12 in the Oswalt attic. Also starring Fred Dalton Thompson as Sheriff and Victoria Leigh as Stephanie. Hawke gives a good performance as the man determined if not obsessed to get to the bottom of the crimes and write a successful book, the story is well paced and has a good amount of jumps and gripping moments, it is a good old fashioned scary movie, a terrific supernatural horror. Very good!
평점: 9	리뷰: "Sinister" qualifies as both spooky as well as scary. This clearly superior but derivative haunted house chiller lives up to its atmospheric title. Merriam-Webster defines the adjective 'sinister' as "singularly evil or productive of evil." Furthermore, the dictionary adds 'sinister' portends either misfortune or tragedy. Not surprisingly, "Sinister" wallows in misfortune and tragedy. Alas, too many horror pictures promise more blood, sweat, and screams than they deliver with similar titular adjectives. Fortunately, "Sinister" serves as the exception to this cliché. Writer/director Scott Derrickson and rookie writer C. Robert Cargill have conjured up a genuinely spine-chilling spectacle with found footage that will keep you on the edge of your seat for most of its 109 minutes. You might anticipate some of the scares, but you won't be prepared for the cacophony of sound effects that accompanies each and is calculated to make lesser souls shriek. Squeamish film goers would do well to shun "Sinister." Derrickson has staged four disturbing scenes that unfold individually as smaller films within the film. Actually, these scenes constitute little more than snuff movies. Strictly based on these unsavory moments, "Sinister" amounts to far more than just sinister. Sick might be a more appropriate adjective.Oscar-nominated Ethan Hawke of "Training Day" toplines this enigmatic, bump-in-the-night nail biter with a sure-footed supporting cast that features Fred Dalton Thompson and Vincent D'Onofrio. Ostensibly, the plot concerns a bestselling true-crime author determined to duplicate an earlier literary success. Ellison Oswalt (Ethan Hawke) hasn't written a bestseller in about a decade, but he believes he has found the right stuff to write about in a sleepy Pennsylvania town. Four macabre murders where three family members perished in cold blood while an adolescent was abducted obsess this down-on-his-luck writer. Oswalt assures his wife, Tracy (Juliet Rylance of "Animal"), that this project could be the equivalent of what "In Cold Blood" was for Truman Capote. The County Sheriff (Fred Dalton Thompson of "Die Hard 2") wants nothing to do with Oswalt. He abhors the way the author has treated law enforcement in his tomes. Meantime, one of his deputies (James Ransone of "Inside Man") eagerly wants to help Oswalt so the author will acknowledge his contribution in print.Strange things begin to occur not long after Oswalt and his family move into their new house. Nothing about the house looks ominous. Oswalt discovers a box of Super 8 films with a projector hidden in the attic. He watches these gruesome little films and starts hitting the bottle. Oswalt's son Trevor (Michael Hall D'Addario of "People Like Us") has relapses of nightmares or what his parents refer to as 'night terrors' that they thought he had out-grown. Trevor learns about the murders and paints a picture of them at his new school. Naturally, Tracy isn't happy about this incident. Later, while he is prowling around in the attic, Oswalt crashes through the ceiling and injures his leg. Eventually, he breaks down and informs long suffering Tracy that they are living in the same house where the previous family was hanged from a tree in the backyard and their daughter disappeared without a trace. Tracy becomes hysterical and demands that they leave. Now, Oswalt begins to have second thoughts, especially when he finds extended cuts of the very same films that he incinerated. They cannot pack up soon enough to get out of town. Nevertheless, trouble follows them.Along the way, Derrickson and Cargill conjure up a devilish ghoul named Bughuul. This elusive demon behaves like Freddy Kruger with his razor-blade-tipped fingers, and Bughuul (stunt man Nicolas King of "The Green Hornet") lurks on the periphery of the murders in each small film. Somehow, Bughuul can migrate between the real world and the cinematic world without any problems and wreck havoc. The filmmakers give him a face that resembles the creepy doll in the "Saw" film franchise. Apparently, Bughuul—otherwise known by the kids as Mr. Boogie—exerts a hypnotic influence over children and can convince them do his bidding. If Derrickson and Cargill play their cards correctly, they could parlay a franchise out of this frightening film that combines elements of Stanley Kubrick's "The Shining" with Jack Nicholson and the snuff saga "8MM" with Nicolas Cage. Homages to classics such as "Blow-Up," "Manhunter," "Saw," "Jeepers Creepers," show up. "Indisputably, "Sinister" ranks as Derrickson at the top of his game after previous outing such as the tedious "Exorcism of Emily Rose" and the anemic remake "The Day the Earth Stood Still." Derrickson manages to make even ordinary action, like threading up a film projector, appear suspenseful. Unfortunately, despite its marvelously menacing aura, "Sinister" keeps Mr. Boogie confined to the periphery so Oswalt and he never have a face-to-face confrontation.
평점: 9	리뷰: Story: Found footage helps a true-crime novelist realize how and why a family was murdered in his new home, though his discoveries put his entire family in the path of a supernatural entity. (IMDb) Sound: The music adds to the tension of the film. Without the music the film would be less scary.Acting: The acting was pretty well done, except for Juliet Rylance. She had her moments, but her overall performance felt forced. The star (Ethan Hawke) was spectacular. He was very believable. I enjoyed his performance because it added to the film's atmosphere.Film itself: The film was great and it was also disturbing. The story was intriguing and the way the story unfolds was fantastic. The atmosphere was intense and scary. The movie provided many scares. Even when I expected to be startled, I was still startled. One complaint I have is the trailers. The deity was shown way too much in the trailers, which took away some of the fear from said deity. My only real big complaint is the ending. While it was very disturbing (and I do mean very disturbing), I found it a bit weak. Nonetheless the film was great fun.Overall: I highly recommend this film for Halloween. While it didn't give me any trouble sleeping (like Insidious did), it holds well against other horror films.
평점: 8	리뷰: If you are thinking of seeing this movie you better do it while it is still in theaters, because if you don't it won't be anything too special. The movie plot is cool and interesting but very predictable. If you have seen the trailer for this film than you already know one of the key points to this movie, that being a re-occurring image that appears in all the home movies of different families that were murdered. However I was not over impressed with the "scare" techniques in this movie. I saw this in the theater and yeah i did jump and get startled more then once, but only because of the loud bang/sound or music being played when a scary sight flashes quick in front of the camera. I can imagine if I was watching this movie at home the intensity would not nearly be the same and I do not like the fact that if I wear to have the sound off or even low, I would not be scared at all by the scenes meant to make the viewer jump. Now I know a lot of scary movies used sound to intensify these parts but more of a sound that the killer/monster/ghost/etc makes... something that will always make you remember them, like the creepy noise the girl makes in the grudge, leather face starting the chainsaw, Freddy laughing, the voice disguiser from scream, things like that. That is something lacking in this movie, as I said before without the loud bang or sudden loud music the scary parts would not be scary in my opinion. As for the creepy face or 'Mr. Boogie", he is scary looking and creepy but to me he resembled the jigsaw doll (saw) too much, or he may be a member from the band slipknot, which made me feel as though I was not seeing some kind of new villain. Having said that this movie has some of the most disturbing scenes involving the family movies shown on the film projector, which I think was twisted genius to think of. No problem with the acting and as I said before I found the storyline very interesting and was easily caught up in it. I give this a 7 with it losing points based on the fact that it was not as scary as I had heard or expected, but it is worth seeing, but I highly recommend that you see it in the theater, makes the experience more enjoyable and scary.
평점: 1	리뷰: This film is definitely a new look for Ethan Hawke (Ellison Oswalt), and it was a whole lot of him. Most of the scenes consisted of Ellison drinking and freaking out. I don't recall ever having seen Mr. Hawke in a horror flick before. Actually, I would say that this tale about the mass murder of entire families was more of a creepy thriller than a horror flick. There were indeed some horrific occurrences, but I have to say that I appreciated the fact that it wasn't simply a gorefest, and that there was an actual story to be told. Ellison is a writer and in an attempt to reclaim the glory from once having had a top selling crime story, he moves his family into the home of a family that has recently been murdered. I found the fact that his wife Tracy (Juliet Rylance) preferred to know as little as possible about the what, when and how of Ellison's preparation for acquiring the reference material for his new book. Not so surprising in this case ignorance is not bliss. The trailer did a good job of conveying just how creepy this film is, with the scene of Ellison's son Trevor (Michael Hall D'Addario) bending over backwards out of a moving box. That little exercise in flexibility turned out to be a red herring, but it was still pretty creepy. Fortunately, there was some comic relief that came in the form of Deputy So and So (James Ransome), who was so much more helpful than one would think upon the initial meeting. It was too funny when he rattles off to Ellison exactly how he felt about moving his family into that house. The explanation of who the culprit is in this case was delivered in a plausible manner, so I had no real issues with the story telling. I knew fairly early in the story how the murders were being executed, pun intended, so there was that level of predictability. I'm so not a horror genre fan, my idea of an acceptable horror flick is Happily N'Ever After, but this film wasn't too bad to experience. A lesson learned is if you knowingly move your family into a house where the entire family was murdered and there are no leads for an arrest, then don't expect that you will have a different outcome. But hey if people could take a hint, there would be no horror stories. I give it an amber light.
평점: 10	리뷰: Sinister is written and directed by Scott Derrickson, who judging by his resume, this guy loves his horror movies; that I don't have a problem with! I was really looking forward to this flick for two reasons; Insidious was one of my favourite horror movies of the last ten years, so my anticipation grew with the production of Sinister carrying the same producer. And B, prior to seeing Sinister, I watched "House at the End of the street" which left me desperate for something fresh.Ellison (Ethan Hawke) is an accomplished writer who brews his career through the premise of true-crime stories. His obsession is based around the majority of murders and mysteries surrounding them, with a weight of controversy surrounding his Journalistic morals.Ellison is hell bent on reaching a peak he is yet to discover in his career while trying to convince himself of the stories he covers are for the people, and not for fame. It is no convenience when he moves his family into their new home, a suburban crime scene; a freakish killing spree that resulted in the hanging of an entire family. Desperate for his big break, Ellison has to manage the Ora surrounding the town and its unspoken crime, and his wife Tracy (Juliet Rylance) who is convinced of a refreshing start to a troubled past.Although the Sheriff (Fred Dalton Thompson) voiced his own opinion about Ellison's reputation, it doesn't stop the willingness behind Ellison's personality as he stumbles across a box of horrific surprises that hold a motive behind his current investigation.Without hesitation, Ellison puts the mysterious reel of tapes together as he is disturbed but yet satisfied to witness a plethora of found-footage images that take him on a journey through a nightmare worse than he could have imagined.Desperate to fulfil is unwanted duties, Ellison discovers a dark figure within the murders, a supernatural spirit that haunts those who discover the tapes.Ellison's insight into the murders reveal an origin of secrets that is sure to shock the town as he believes, in cliché journalistic fashion, "the people must to know". Although Ellison is not prepared for the danger he could place on his wife and kids as a demon lurks behind his projector of evidence.Judging a book by its cover is not my thing, but by its introduction, that is how I roll!. On the off, Sinister invites you down a dark and twisted path, most likely a journey that you will have never witnessed before. The first scene reveals a taste of refreshing initiative. Originality is not the main key to Sinister because to be blunt, it ain't original, but it is really scary.The main premise is the constant suspense that is revealed within the tapes. It is not graphically gory, just down right disturbing with each video backed up with a frightening tune. Just like Paranormal Activity, the majority of scares are within the backing of found-footage. But apart from the mundane routine events in 21st century horror movies, Sinister succeeds in disturbing the mind of the viewer without actual "Jump-Scares" scenes.The plot is fascinating in it's own sick way, following a puzzle that I had no idea how it would come together, but it did, and it did so in original fashion.Looking at the majority of Horrors this year, it is obvious to label Sinister as the best, and certainly the scariest movie of 2012 thus far. I adore my horror movies so I was quite satisfied with a concept that is not entirely fresh, but revealed scenes with simple ideas and found a way of visually implanting an image into the viewers head. It is not always about the full on graphic that disturbs the mind, it is the motive behind it that really gets the viewers asking questions, and better yet, remembering something that almost feels a supernatural reality.Overall/rating; Not entirely original with the folks behind the scenes nit-picking at Insidious and Paranormal Activity. However, the overall creation of horror is really frightening, with scenes that some viewers may find disturbing. Sinister is a successful result of a genre that has unfortunately been the subject of poor and effortless movies lately. Halloween is approaching, don't hesitate with this one! 7/10 Did you enjoy this review? Visit my blog where you will find a plethora of reviews based on the latest movies. http://gerrysreviewsforthosecurious.blogspot.ie/
평점: 8	리뷰: From the producer of PARANORMAL ACTIVITY a film about - wait for it - paranormal activity. Ethan Hawke plays true-crime writer Ellison who moves his family into a house where a gruesome murder/abduction took place. His son sleepwalks, his daughter paints gory murals, his wife loses her temper. Ellison uncovers a link to other 'homes of horror' in different parts of the country.Not a lot that's new here. Themes from Stephen King and lots of Haunted House movies are shaken and stirred into the pot. There are some good make-you-jump moments, but the audience is allowed to see some manifestations that Ellison misses. Perhaps we were meant to shout out, "It's behind you!" as if this was a Christmas panto.The mumbo-jumbo that unravels the mystery is dafter than usual. The ending was mildly shocking but not as good as CARRIE's postscript.
평점: 6	리뷰: NO SPOILERS – SheBlogger hates spoilers :) Okayso here's another horror movie review from the girl who is yet to be scared with scenes shot in the dark, gory murders and startling sound effects.HeBlogger and I went to the mall last Sunday to watch a different movie. We thought Tiktik, which is a Filipino horror movie, was already showing. Apparently, it is not scheduled until next week. Then we saw Sinister's poster, which said, "from the producer of Paranormal and Insidious". We have seen both movies and we both didn't like Paranormal but both enjoyed Insidious. So we said, okaylet's watch this instead.Didn't know anything about this movie Sinister so as we walked inside the empty movie house, I wondered which one is it going to be like. Is it going to be a homemade movie about paranormal activities with three different endings? Oh pleaseI fervently hope not! I crossed my fingers because I noticed there were rolls of super 8 films on the poster. Or is it going to be about demons capturing souls and possessing the physical body with a non-happy ending? Or is it going to be a totally different story? I hoped it would be.We were the first two of the five people who came to watch this movie. The others were a group of three teenage girls, who surprisingly didn't scream or shout at all, throughout the screening. What a joy to be watching in silence and absolute peace! Okay, on to the movie review The movie opens with a scene shot like a home video, so I go like, uh-oh But don't be disheartened. It's nothing like Paranormal and deeper into the story, you'd see that it is more like Insidious. That much I would tell you.The story is about a real crime stories writer, played by Ethan Hawke (the only actor I know in the movie), who moved his entire family to a house where a family was hung to death in the backyard tree and their little girl still missing. In the course of his research and with the help of rolls of seemingly innocent and happy family home videos that mysteriously appeared in the attic, he discovers more brutal murders of different families in different houses. So there's the question Are these murders in any way related, considering there's always a little child missing? I must say that I find the premise of the story original. Well, at least for me. So I give it 4.5 gems for Story and Originality...Continue reading on: http://heblogs-sheblogs.com/2012/10/sinister-movie-review/
평점: 1	리뷰: After watching Paranormal Activity and Insidious, I expected a lot more from this movie. Honestly, it had GREAT POTENTIAL, but my group of friends were constantly let down at the poor choices made in the story line. I'd rather watch Paranormal Activity any day of the week. Maybe if they had actually made this movie "scary" instead of just "eerie", it would have been worth while. Don't even get me started about the ending... We called everything that was going to happen. There was no surprise and I was not scared at all.I don't recommend seeing this more than once, if you feel compelled to see it at all...
